 
   Ref: No. ABCL/SD/MUM/2025-26/November /05                                                 14 November 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540691 
Scrip ID: ABCAPITAL 
 The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot. C/1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: ABCAPITAL 
 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)   
 
This is to inform you that the Board of Directors of Aditya Birla Capital Limited (“ABCL” / “Company”) have today 
approved the draft Scheme of Amalgamation of Aditya Birla Stressed Asset AMC Private Limited (“ABSAAMC” 
/ “Amalgamating Company”) with Aditya Birla Financial Shared Services Limited (“ABFSSL” / “Amalgamated 
Company”), ( both are non-material, wholly-owned subsidiaries of ABCL) ,  with their respective shareholders 
and creditors, under Section 233 and/ or other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, subject to the 
approval of the Regional Director (North Western Region), Registrar of Companies, Gujarat and other statutory 
or regulatory approvals, if any. 
 
The required details under SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November 2024 
are enclosed as Annexure A.  
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Aditya Birla Capital Limited 
 
 
 
 
Santosh Haldankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Cc: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange    
 Market & Surveillance Dept.,  
 P.O. Box 165, L-2011 Luxembourg,   
 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Citi Bank N.A. 
Custodial Services  
FIFC, 11th Floor, C-54 & 55, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Citi Bank N.A.  
Depositary Receipt Services  
388 Greenwich Street  
14th Floor, New York, 
NY  10013  Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L - 2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 Annexure A 
 
Details under Regulation 30(6) read with clause (1) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and SEBI Master Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November 2024 
 
Sr. 
No. Items for Disclosure Description 
1 Name of the entity(ies) forming 
part of the amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc. Aditya Birla Stressed Asset AMC Private Limited 
(“ABSAAMC” / “Amalgamating Company”) and Aditya 
Birla Financial Shared Services Limited (“ABFSSL” /  
“Amalgamated Company”) both are wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of the Company.  
 
The turnover of Amalgamating Company and 
Amalgamated Company for the financial year ended    
31st March, 2025 is Rs. 3.60 Crore  and Rs.  6.57 Crore 
respectively. 
 
2 Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length” The Amalgamating Company and Amalgamated 
Company are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company 
and related parties to each other. The transaction is at an 
arm’s length price based on valuation report obtained 
from an independent registered valuer. 
 
It may be noted that since the transaction is between two 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, it is exempt 
from the applicability of provisions of Regulations 23(2), 
(3) and (4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Further, as per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs Circular 
No. 30/2014 dated 17th July  2014, it is clarified that 
transactions arising out of Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations under the Companies Act, 2013, do 
not attract the requirements of Section 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
3 Area of business of the entity(ies) Amalgamating Company:  
The primary activity of the Aditya Birla Stressed Asset 
AMC Private Limited (Amalgamating Company) is raising 
or acquiring various types of investment funds and to act 
as a fund manager, consultant, advisor, administrators, 
attorneys, agents, or representatives to carry on the 
activities of all types of investment funds. 
 
Amalgamated Company: 
Aditya Birla Financial Shared Services Limited 
(Amalgamated Company) is engaged in the business of 
providing a common pool of facilities and resources like 
providing technology, application and business process 
services to its group companies, with a view to optimise 
 
 the benefits of specialisation and minimise the cost for 
each member group companies. 
4 Rationale for amalgamation/ 
merger  Rationalisation & simplification of organisational 
structure by reducing number of subsidiaries of 
Aditya Birla Capital Limited. 
 Reduction in multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances and administrative expenses. 
 Enable optimum utilization of the available 
resources. 
 
5 In case of cash consideration – 
amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio. As per the Scheme of Amalgamation, the Amalgamated 
Company will issue and allot its Equity Shares to the 
Company being the shareholder of the Amalgamating 
Company, in accordance with the following Share 
Exchange Ratio: 
 
97 (Ninety-Seven) fully paid-up equity shares of face 
value INR 10/- each of Aditya Birla Financial Shared 
Services Limited for every 1,000 (One Thousand) equity 
shares of face value INR 10/- each of Aditya Birla 
Stressed Asset AMC Private Limited (Share Swap Ratio)  
 
6 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity Not applicable. 
 
The Scheme of Amalgamation is between the wholly 
owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
The Company is not a party to the Scheme of 
Amalgamation and the shareholding pattern of the 
Company remains unchanged. 
 
 
 
 
 