 
 
ACC Limited  
Registered Office:  
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, Near Vaishnodevi Circle ,   
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  
Ph +91 79 -2656 5555  
E mail: acc -investorsupport@adani.com  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771  
 
August  27, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 BSE Limited  
Symbol  Code : ACC  Scrip Code: 500410  
 
Sub.:  Notice convening the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of ACC Limited 
(“Amalgam ating  Company” or “Company”) pursuant to the Order passed by the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“Hon’ble Tribunal”) in 
respect of Scheme of Amalgamation of the Company with Ambuja Cements Limited 
(“Amalgamated Company”).  
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
We wish to inform you that as directed by the Hon’ble Tribunal pursuant to the order dated July 2 9, 2026, a meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Company (“
Meeting ”) shall be held 
on Tuesday, September 29, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. IST (1030 hours)  through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“ OAVM ”), to consider, and if thought fit, approve the 
arrangement embodied in the Scheme.  
 
The Notice, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and the Annexures thereto (“
Notice ”) is enclosed herewith. The 
same is also being sent today through electronic mode to those equity shareholders whose email IDs are registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent/depositories/the Company as on Friday, August 14 , 202 6.  
 
The Company is providing electronic voting facility (remote e -voting and e -voting during the 
Meeting) to its equity shareholders to enable them to cast their votes. The details regarding 
electronic voting are provided below:  
 
EVSN  260824011  
Cut-off Date for E -Voting  Tuesday , September 22 , 2026  
Start Date and Time  Thursday, September 24, 2026 , at 9:00 a.m. 
IST (0900 hours)  
End Date and Time  Monday, September 28, 2026 , at 5:00  p.m. IST 
(1700  hours)  
 Those equity shareholders, who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e- voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e -voting facility during the Meeting.  
    
 adani 
ACC adani 
Cement 
  
ACC Limited  
Registered Office:  
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  
Ph +91 79 -2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN:  L26940GJ1936PLC149771  
 
 
The information and instructions for attending the Meeting including the manner of voting by the equity shareholders of the Company have been provided in the Notice of the Meeting.  
 
The above -mentioned documents will be posted on the Company's website at 
www.acclimited.com .  
 
Kindly take the above on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For, ACC L imited  
 
 
 
Bhavik  Paresh  Parikh  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A40719        
Encl: As above  
 adani 
ACC adani 
Cement 
1
ACC LIMITED
Registered Office  :Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India
Tel No.  :+91 79 – 2555 7923
CIN  :L26940GJ1936PLC149771
Website  :www.acclimited.com
E-mail  :acc-investorsupport@adani.com
MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF
ACC LIMITED
(convened pursuant to the order dated July 29, 2026, 
passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench)
MEETING:
Day Tuesday
Date September 29, 2026
Time 10:30 a.m. IST (1030 hours)
Mode Through Video Conference/Other Audio-Visual Means
REMOTE E-VOTING:
Start Date and Time Thursday, September 24, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. IST (0900 hours)
End Date and Time Monday, September 28, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours)
Cut-off Date for E-Voting Tuesday, September 22, 2026
E-VOTING DURING THE MEETING
E-voting shall be available to the Equity Shareholders of ACC Limited during the Meeting.NOTICE - EQUITY SHAREHOLDERSadani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
2
ACC Limited
INDEX
Sr. No. Contents Page No.
1. Notice convening the meeting of the equity shareholders (which also consists public shareholders) of ACC Limited 
under the directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench4
2. Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 201612
3. Annexure 1
Scheme of Amalgamation of ACC Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 201343
4. Annexure 2
Copy of the Valuation Report dated December 22, 2025, jointly issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, 
Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) (Joint Valuation Report)88 
5. Annexure 3
Copy of the Fairness Opinion dated December 22, 2025, issued by SBI Capital Markets Limited, a SEBI registered 
Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of ACC Limited (Fairness Opinion 1)110
6. Annexure 4
Copy of the Fairness Opinion dated December 22, 2025, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI 
registered merchant banker, to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Fairness Opinion 2)117
7. Annexure 5
Copy of the Summary of the Joint Valuation Report, including the basis of such Joint Valuation Report and the 
Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2126
8. Annexure 6
Copy of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by ACC Limited to National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited131
9. Annexure 7
Copy of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by ACC Limited to BSE Limited133
10. Annexure 8Copy of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited135
11. Annexure 9
Copy of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to BSE Limited137
12. Annexure 10Copy of the no-objection letter dated June 4, 2026, from National Stock Exchange of India Limited to ACC Limited 
and Ambuja Cements Limited139
13. Annexure 11
Copy of the no adverse observations letter dated June 4, 2026, from BSE Limited to ACC Limited and Ambuja 
Cements Limited143
14. Annexure 12
Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement  
action taken, if any, against ACC Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2026147
15. Annexure 13Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement  
action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2026170adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
3
Sr. No. Contents Page No.
16. Annexure 14
Details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (a) clause j) i. to xii. of the no-objection letter dated 
June 4, 2026, received from National Stock Exchange of India Limited; and (b) clause 10. a) to l) of the no adverse observation letter dated June 4, 2026, received from BSE Limited185
17. Annexure 15
Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of ACC Limited, pursuant to the provisions of  
Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013203
18. Annexure 16Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited, pursuant to the provisions  
of Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013208
19. Annexure 17Copy of the Unaudited Financial Results of ACC Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2026213
20. Annexure 18Copy of the Unaudited Financial Results of Ambuja Cements Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2026230adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
4
ACC Limited
BEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
AHMEDABAD BENCH, AHMEDABAD
C.A. (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 2026
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Amalgamation
of
ACC Limited (“Amalgamating Company”)
with
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Amalgamated Company”)
ACC LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1913, and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )… APPLICANT NO. 
1 / AMALGAMATING 
COMPANY
NOTICE CONVENING THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS (WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS) OF ACC LIMITED
To,
All the equity shareholders of ACC Limited:NOTICE is hereby given that by an order dated July 29, 2026 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Order”), the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred  
to as the “NCL T”) has directed convening of a meeting of the  
Equity Shareholders (hereinafter referred to as “ equity 
shareholders”) of ACC Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Amalgamating Company” or the “ Applicant No. 1 ” , as 
the context may admit) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of Amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with  
Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Amalgamated Company” or the “ Applicant No. 2 ” , as the context 
may admit) (hereinafter referred to as the “ Scheme”) pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Companies Act”) and the other 
applicable provisions thereof and applicable rules thereunder.
In pursuance of the Order and as directed therein, this Notice is 
hereby given that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company will be held on Tuesday, September 29, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. IST (1030 hours) through Video Conference (“VC ”)/Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM ”) (hereinafter 
referred to as the “ Meeting”) in compliance with the applicable  
provisions of the Companies Act; General Circulars No. 14/2020  
dated April 8, 2020; No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020; No. 20/2020  
dated May 5, 2020; No. 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020; No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020; No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020; No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021; No. 20/ 2021 dated December 
8, 2021; No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021; No. 2/2022  
dated May 5, 2022; No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022;  
No. 9/2023 dated September 25, 2023; No. 9/2024 dated September 
19, 2024; and No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued  
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (hereinafter referred to  
as the “MCA Circulars”); and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024, issued by the  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to  
as the “Circular issued by SEBI ”) and the equity shareholders are 
requested to attend the Meeting to transact the following business:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution for 
approval of the Scheme by the requisite statutory majority:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 - 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other rules, circulars and notifications made thereunder (including any amendment, statutory modification, variation or  
re-enactment thereof) as may be applicable; Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 (erstwhile Section 2(1B) of the Income-tax Act, 1961); the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force); the Securities and Exchange Board of India Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and duly amended from time to time; and subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of  
ACC Limited ( “Company”) and subject to the approval of Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench ( “NCL T”) 
and subject to such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other authorities or tribunals, as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the NCLT or by any regulatory or other authorities,  
while granting such consents, approvals and permissions, which  
may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company  
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term shall be deemed 
to mean and include one or more committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by the Board or any person(s) which the Board may  
nominate to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by  
this resolution), the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of Amalgamation of ACC Limited with and into Ambuja Cements Limited (“Scheme”) the draft of which was circulated along with this  
Notice, be and is hereby approved.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby authorized 
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its 
absolute discretion deem requisite, desirable, appropriate or necessary to give effect to the above resolution and effectively implement the arrangement embodied in the Scheme and to accept such modifications, amendments, limitations and/or conditions, if any, which may be required and/or imposed by the NCLT while  
sanctioning the arrangement embodied in the Scheme or by any authorities under law, or as may be required for the purpose of resolving any questions or doubts or difficulties that may arise or meaning or interpretation of the Scheme or implementation  
thereof or in any matter whatsoever connected therewith,  
including passing of such accounting entries and/or making such adjustments in the books of accounts as considered necessary in giving effect to the Scheme, as the Board may deem fit and proper. ”adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
5
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that since this Meeting is held pursuant 
to the Order passed by the NCLT and in compliance with the MCA 
Circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the present Meeting and hence, the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders  
may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a certified scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/Authority letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘ACC’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through their registered email id addresses to kadrianiq18@gmail.com and 
raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the Amalgamating Company at acc-investorsupport@adani.com by quoting the concerned DP 
ID and Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“ CDSL”) e-voting system for 
verification by scrutiniser.
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that
a) in compliance with the provisions of (i) MCA Circulars;  
(ii) Circular issued by SEBI; (iii) Sections 108 and 230 of the 
Companies Act read with the rules framed thereunder, as amended; (iv) Regulation 44 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended; and (v) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Amalgamating Company has engaged the services of CDSL for the purpose of providing facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting so as to enable the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders (as defined in the Notes below) , 
to consider and if thought fit, approve the Scheme by way of the aforesaid resolution. Accordingly, voting by equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company to the Scheme shall be carried out only through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting;
b) in compliance with the MCA Circulars read with the Circular 
issued by SEBI and the Order passed by NCLT, (a) the aforesaid Notice, (b) the Scheme, (c) the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other applicable provisions of Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, and (d) the enclosures as indicated in the Index (collectively referred to as “Particulars”),  are being sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company whose email IDs are registered with Kfin Technologies Limited, the Amalgamating Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (hereinafter referred to as “Kfin”)/depositories/Amalgamating Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company whose email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday, August 14, 2026;
c) the equity shar eholders may note that the aforesaid 
Particulars will be available on the Amalgamating Company’s website at www.acclimited.com, and on the websites of 
the Stock Exchanges i.e., the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited at www.nseindia.com and  
www.bseindia.com, respectively, and on the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com;
d) copies of the aforesaid Particulars can be obtained free of 
charge, between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. on all working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting  
from the registered office of the Amalgamating Company at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno  
Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad,  
Gujarat – 382 421, India; or by sending a request, along  
with the details of your shareholding, by email at  
acc-investorsupport@adani.com; or from the office of its advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India;
e) The Amalgamating Company has extended the remote 
e-voting facility for its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting are appended to the Notice. The equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, opting to cast their votes by remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting are requested to read the instructions in the Notes below carefully. In case of remote e-voting, the votes should be cast in the manner described in the instructions from Thursday, September 24, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. IST (0900 hours) to Monday, September 28, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours);
f) the NCLT has appoin ted Hon’ble Justice Mr. Virendra Singh 
Gyan Singh Bisht, former member of the National Company Law Tribunal to be the Chairman of the Meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof;
g) Atleast one independent director of the Amalgamating 
Company and the statutory auditor (or his authorized representative who is qualified to be an auditor) of the Amalgamating Company shall be attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM;
h) Mr. Aniq A Kadri, Advocate, or in his absence, CS Raimeen 
Maradiya, Partner, Chirag Shah and Associates, , Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. 11283 & C.P . No. 17554), has been appointed as the scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting during the Meeting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner;
i) the scrutinizer shall af ter the conclusion of e-voting at the 
Meeting, first download the votes cast during the Meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
6
ACC Limited
of the total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes, if 
any, and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and submit his combined report to the Chairman of the Meeting. The scrutinizer will also submit a separate report with regard to the result of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in respect of the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, in compliance with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India). The scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the votes shall be final. The results of the votes cast through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting including separate results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957), will be announced on or before close of business hours on Thursday, October 1, 2026. The results, together with the scrutinizer’s report, will be displayed at the registered office of the Amalgamating Company, on the website of the Amalgamating Company, and on the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com and shall be communicated 
to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, within the timelines specified in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
j) the Scheme, if approved by the equity shareholders at the 
Meeting, will be subject to the subsequent approval of NCLT; and
k) a copy of the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 
232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other applicable provisions of Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, the Scheme and Particulars are enclosed.
Justice Mr.  Virendra Singh Gyan Singh Bisht, 
former member of the National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Dated this August 20, 2026
Registered office: Adani Corporate House,  
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.Notes:
1. General instructions for accessing and participating in the Meeting through VC/OAVM Facility and voting through electronic means including remote e-voting
 (a) Pursuan t to the Order passed by the NCLT read with  
MCA Circulars and the Circular issued by SEBI, Meeting  
of the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company will be held through VC/OAVM.
 (b) Since , the Meeting is being held pursuant to Order 
passed by the NCLT and MCA Circulars read with the Circular issued by SEBI through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the Meeting. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/Authorization letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘ACC’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through their registered email id addresses to kadrianiq18@gmail.
com  and raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the 
Amalgamating Company at acc-investorsupport@adani.com by quoting the concerned DP ID and Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in CDSL e-voting system for verification by scrutiniser.
 (c) Since the M eeting is being held through VC/OAVM, 
the deemed venue of the Meeting shall be the registered office of the Amalgamating Company.
 (d) The quorum of the M eeting of the equity 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Companies Act, which shall be 30 (Thirty) equity shareholders. The equity shareholders attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM  
shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act. In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
7
 (e) In t erms of the MCA Circulars and the Order passed 
by the NCLT, the aforesaid Particulars are being 
sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company whose e-mail IDs are registered with Kfin/depositories/the Amalgamating Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company whose  
email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday, August 14, 2026.
 (f) CDSL, the Amalgama ting Company’s e-voting 
agency, will provide the facility for voting by the equity shareholders through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the Meeting.
 (g) All the documen ts mentioned in clause 72 of 
the accompanying explanatory statement, shall be available for inspection through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting. Equity shareholders seeking to inspect copies of the said documents may send an email at  
acc-investorsupport@adani.com. Further, all the documents mentioned in clause 72 of the accompanying explanatory statement shall also be open for inspection by the equity shareholders at the registered office of the Amalgamating Company between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., on all working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting.  
A transcript/recording of the Meeting shall also be made available on the website of the Amalgamating Company at www.acclimited.com.
 (h) The Notic e convening the Meeting will be published 
through advertisement in Indian Express (All editions) in the English language and Gujarati translation thereof in Financial Express (Ahmedabad edition).
 (i) Mast er Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the  
“SEBI Schemes Master Circular ”) issued by Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI”), inter alia, provides that approval of Public 
Shareholders of the Amalgamating Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Amalgamating Company is seeking the approval of its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Amalgamating Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Amalgamating Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Amalgamating Company. For this purpose, the term “Public” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term “Public Shareholders” shall be construed 
accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Amalgamating Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
  NCLT , by its Order, has, inter alia, held that since the 
Amalgamating Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes  
Master Circular.
 (j) The S cheme shall be considered approved by the equity 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved  
by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value  
of the equity shareholders e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230 – 232 of the Companies Act.
 (k) Fur ther, in accordance with the SEBI Schemes Master 
Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders (through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting) in favour of the aforesaid resolution for approval of Scheme is more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
 (l) Since the M eeting will be held through VC/OAVM 
in accordance with the Order passed by NCLT and  
MCA Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.
 (m) The v oting rights of the equity shareholders shall be in 
proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company as on Cut-Off  Date, i.e., Tuesday, September 22, 2026.
 (n) A person, whose name is recorded in the 
register of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the Kfin/depositories/Amalgamating Company as on the  
Cut-Off Date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 (o) In case of join t holders, an equity shareholder whose 
name appears higher in the order of names as per the Register of Members of the Amalgamating Company will be entitled to vote at the Meeting, provided the votes are not already cast through remote e-voting.
 (p) All g rievances connected with the facility for voting 
by electronic means may be addressed to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 1800 21 09911.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
8
ACC Limited
2. Procedure for joining the Meeting through VC/OAVM
 (a) The equity shareholders will be able to attend the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM or view the live webcast 
of the Meeting at www.evotingindia.com by using 
their remote e-voting login credentials and selecting the ‘EVSN’ for the Meeting as per the instructions mentioned below. Individual equity shareholders having securities in demat mode will have to login from the depository web site and non-individual shareholders and physical shareholders will have to login from CDSL portal for voting as well as for participation in the Meeting.
 (b) The equity shareholders may join the Meeting 
through laptop(s), smartphone(s), tablet(s) or iPad(s) for better experience. Further, the equity shareholders will be required to use internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the Meeting. Equity shareholders will need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer 11, MS Edge or Mozilla Firefox.
  Please not e that the participants connecting from 
mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches. Equity shareholders will be required to grant access to the webcam to enable two-way video conferencing.
 (c) Facilit y to join the Meeting will be opened 30 (thirty) 
minutes before the scheduled time of the Meeting and will be kept open throughout the proceedings of the Meeting.
 (d) The facility of participation at the Meeting through 
VC/OAVM will be made available on first come, first served basis. Large shareholders (i.e. shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors, directors, key managerial personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. will not be subject to the aforesaid restriction of first-come-first-serve basis.
 (e) The equit y shareholders who would like to express 
their views or ask questions during the Meeting may register themselves as speakers by mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number,  
email id and mobile number, at acc-investorsupport@
adani.com. The speaker registration will be open during Tuesday, September 22, 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Saturday, September 26, 2026. Only those equity shareholders who are registered as speakers will be allowed to express their views or ask questions. Equity shareholders are requested to limit their question only related to business of the Notice.
 (f) The Chair man, at its discretion reserves the right 
to restrict the number of questions and number of Speakers, depending upon availability of time as appropriate for smooth conduct of the Meeting.3. Instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the 
Meeting
 (a) In compliance with the provisions of section 108 
of the Companies Act read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, MCA Circulars and the Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Amalgamating Company is pleased to provide to its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolution proposed to be considered at the Meeting by electronic means and the business would be transacted through e-voting services arranged by CDSL. The equity shareholders may cast their votes remotely, using an electronic voting system (“remote e-voting”) on the dates mentioned herein below.
 (b) Those equit y shareholders (which also consists of 
the Public Shareholders), who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the Meeting.
 (c) The equit y shareholders (which also consists of the 
Public Shareholders) who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the Meeting may also join  
the Meeting through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. An equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholder) can opt for only single mode of voting per EVSN,  
i.e., through remote e-voting or e-voting at the Meeting. If an equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) cast vote(s) by both modes, then voting done through remote e-voting shall prevail and vote(s) cast at the Meeting shall be treated as ‘INVALID’ .
 (d) The r emote e-voting period commences on 
Thursday, September 24, 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Monday, September 28, 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST). The remote e-voting module will be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the equity shareholder, he will not be allowed to change it subsequently. During this period, equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Amalgamating Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on Tuesday, September 22, 2026, i.e., Cut-Off-Date, may cast their vote by remote e-voting. A person who is not an equity shareholder as on the Cut-Off Date should treat this Notice for information purpose only. Further, any individual equity shareholder holding securities in demat mode who acquires equity shares of the Company and becomes an equity shareholder after sending of this 
Notice and holds shares as on the Cut-Off Date, may follow steps mentioned hereinafter.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
9
4. The process and manne r for remote e-voting is as under:
 (a) In t erms of the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on the e-voting facility provided 
by the listed companies and as part of increasing the efficiency of the voting process, e-voting process has been enabled to 
all individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode to vote through their demat account maintained with depositories / websites of depositories / depository participants. The equity shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email id in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.
 (b) Pursuan t to aforesaid SEBI circular, login method for e-voting and joining Meeting for individual equity shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual equity 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSL1) Users who have opted for CDSL’s Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing  
user id and password. Option  will be made available to reach e-voting page without any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon and My Easi New (Token) Tab.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for eligible 
companies where the e-voting is in progress. On clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting. Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website  
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then click on registration.
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing demat account number 
and PAN from an e-voting link available on  www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered mobile and email id as recorded in the demat account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also be able to directly access the system of all e-voting service providers.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode with National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)
1) If the user is already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of 
NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. The user will have to enter User ID and Password. After successful authentication, the user will be able to see e-voting services. Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-Voting services and the user will be able to see e-voting page. Click on the Amalgamating Company’s name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be re-directed to e-voting service provider website for casting his/her vote during the remote e-voting period.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at  
https://eservices.nsdl.com Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following  
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. The user will have to  
enter the User ID (i.e. his/her sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, the user will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein he/she can see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected to e-voting service provider website for casting his/her vote during the remote e-voting period.
4) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp . The user will have to enter his/her 8-digit DP ID, 8- digit Client Id, PAN No., 
verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, the user will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein he/she can see e-Voting page. Click on the Amalgamating Company’s name or e-Voting service provider name and he/she will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting his/her vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
10
ACC Limited
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual equity 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository ParticipantsUser can also login using the login credentials of his/her demat account through user’s depository participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility.
After successful login, user will be able to see e-voting option. Once the user clicks on e-voting 
option, the user will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein the user can see e-voting feature.
Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected to 
e-voting service provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
  Important note:  Equity shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for individual equit y shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 21 09911.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with NSDLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 
1800 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000.
 (c) Log in method for e-voting and joining the Meeting for equity shareholders (other than individual shareholders) holding in 
demat form and for physical equity shareholders.
  1) The equit y shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
  2) Click on “Shar eholders” module.
  3) Now en ter your User ID
   a. For CDSL: 16 dig its beneficiary ID,
   b. For NSDL: 8 Char acter DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
   c. Equit y shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the 
Amalgamating Company.
  4) Nex t enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
  5) If the user is holding shar e(s) in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier 
e-voting of any company, then the user’s existing password is to be used.
  6) If the user is a first -time, follow the steps given below:
For equity shareholders holding shares in demat form other than individual and 
physical form
PAN Enter 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat equity shareholders as well as physical equity shareholders)
Equity shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Amalgamating Company/
Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by the Amalgamating Company/Kfin or contact the Amalgamating Company/Kfin.
Dividend Bank Details  OR Date of Birth (DOB)Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in the user’s demat account or in the Amalgamating Company’s records in order to login.
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or the Amalgamating Company, 
please enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in instruction 5) above.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
11
  7) Af ter ent ering these details appropriately,  
click on “SUBMIT” tab.
  8) Equit y shareholders holding shares in physical 
form will then directly reach the Amalgamating 
Company selection screen. However, equity shareholders holding shares in demat form (other than individual equity shareholders) will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein the users are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share the password with any other person and take utmost care to keep the password confidential.
  9) For equit y shareholders holding shares in 
physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in  
this Notice.
  10) Click on the EVSN on which you choose to vote.
  11) On the voting page , the user will see 
“RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that the user has given his/her/its assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that the user has dissented to the Resolution.
  12) Click on the “RESOL UTIONS FILE LINK” if the user 
wishes to view the entire Resolution details.
  13) Af ter selecting the resolution, the user 
has decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT” .  
A confirmation box will be displayed. If the user wishes to confirm his/her/its vote, click on “OK” , else to change the vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify the vote.
  14) Once the user “CONFIRM” his/her/its vote on 
the resolution, the user will not be allowed to modify his/her/its vote.
  15) The user can also take a pr int of the votes cast 
by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the voting page.
  16) If a dema t account holder has forgotten the 
login password then enter the user id and the image verification code and click on Forgot Password and enter the details as prompted by the system.
  17) Facilit y for Non – Individual Shareholders and 
Custodians – Remote Voting
   a) Non-Individual shar eholders (i.e. other 
than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
   b) A scanned cop y of the Registration Form 
bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com.
   c) Af ter receiving the login details a 
Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
   d) The list of ac counts linked in the login 
should be mailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com and on approval of the accounts they would be able to cast their vote.
   e) A scanned cop y of the Board Resolution 
and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
   f) Alt ernatively, Non Individual 
shareholders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the scrutinizer at their email addresses kadrianiq18@gmail.com and 
raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com to the Amalgamating Company at the email address viz; acc-investorsupport@adani.com , if they have voted from individual 
tab and not uploaded the same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
5. Process for those equity shareholders whose email/
mobile are not registered with the Amalgamating Company/Kfin/Depositories.
 (a) For ph ysical equity shareholders, please provide 
necessary details like Folio No., name of equity shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by emails to acc-investorsupport@
adani.com and einward.ris@kfintech.com.
 (b)  For dema t equity shareholders, please update your 
email id and mobile number with the respective Depository Participant.
6. Information and instructions for e-voting facility at the 
Meeting
 (a) Facilit y to cast vote through e-voting at the  
Meeting will be made available on the video conference screen during the Meeting.
 (b) Those equity shareholders, who will be present in the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the Meeting.
Encl.: As aboveadani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
12
ACC Limited
BEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
AHMEDABAD BENCH, AHMEDABAD
C.A. (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 2026
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with other 
applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Amalgamation
of
ACC Limited (“Amalgamating Company”)
with
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Amalgamated Company”)
ACC LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1913, and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )… APPLICANT NO. 
1 / AMALGAMATING 
COMPANY
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 230(3), 232(1) AND (2) AND 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016
1. Pursuant to the Order dated July 29, 2026 passed by the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred to as the “NCL T”), in C.A. (CAA)/33 (AHM) 2026 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Order”), a meeting of the 
equity shareholders of ACC Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Amalgamating Company” or the “ Applicant No. 1”,  
as the context may admit) is being convened through Video Conference (“VC ”)/Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM ”), on 
Tuesday, September 29, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. IST (1030 hours), for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the Scheme of Amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Amalgamated Company” or the “ Applicant No. 
2” , as the context may admit) (hereinafter referred to as the “Scheme”) under Sections 230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Act ”), read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Rules”). The Amalgamating Company 
and the Amalgamated Company are together referred to as the “Companies” or “Parties” , as the context may 
admit. A copy of the Scheme, which has been, inter alios, 
recommended/approved by the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee, Committee comprising of all the Independent Directors (“Committee of Independent Directors ”), Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company at their respective meetings, all held on December 22, 2025, is enclosed as Annexure 1. Capitalised terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Scheme, unless otherwise stated.
2. The Scheme, inter alia, provides for the amalgamation of the 
Amalgamating Company with and into the Amalgamated Company by way of a merger by absorption on a going concern basis, with effect from the Appointed Date, i.e., January 1, 2026, and the consequent dissolution of the Amalgamating Company without being wound up, and the issuance of New Equity Shares (as defined in the Scheme)  to 
the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company in accordance with the Share Exchange Ratio (as defined in the 
Scheme), pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and/or other applicable provisions of the Act, Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, under reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93, issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (hereinafter referred to as the “ SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular”) and in accordance with Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 (erstwhile Section 2(1B) of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
3. In terms of the Order, the quorum of the meeting of the 
equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Companies Act, which shall be 30 (thirty) equity shareholders. Equity shareholders attending the meeting through VC/OAVM, either by themselves or through their authorised representative, shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.  
In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is  
not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.
4. Further in terms of the Order, the NCLT, has appointed 
Hon’ble Justice Mr. Virendra Singh Gyan Singh Bisht, former member of the National Company Law Tribunal to be the Chairman of the meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof.
5. This statement is being furnished as required under Sections 
230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Rules.
6. As stated earlier, NCLT by its Order has, inter alia, directed that 
a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company shall be convened through VC/OAVM, on  
Tuesday, September 29, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. IST (1030 hours) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme (hereinafter referred to as “Meeting”). Equity shareholders would be entitled to vote either through remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 The Amalgamating Company is seeking the approval of its 
equity shareholders to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. SEBI Schemes Master Circular, inter alia, provides that approval of Public Shareholders of the Amalgamating Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Amalgamating Company is seeking the approval of adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
13
its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public 
Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Amalgamating Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Amalgamating Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Amalgamating Company. For this purpose, the term “Public” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term “Public Shareholders” shall be construed accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Amalgamating Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
 NCLT, by its Order, has, inter alia, held that since the 
Amalgamating Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the  
Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
 The scrutinizer appointed for conducting the remote 
e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting will however submit his separate report to the Chairman of the Amalgamating Company or to the person so authorised by him after completion of the scrutiny of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting cast by the Public Shareholders so as to announce the results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders of the Amalgamating Company. In terms of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the votes cast by the Public Shareholders through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in favour of the resolution for approval of Scheme are more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
7. The Scheme shall be considered approved by the equity 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value of the equity shareholders voting through e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Act.
8. In terms of the Order, if the entries in the records/registers 
of the Amalgamating Company in relation to the number or value, as the case may be, of the equity shares are disputed, the Chairman of the Meeting shall determine the number or value, as the case may be, for the purposes of the said Meeting, and his decision in that behalf shall be final.Particulars of the Applicant No. 1/Amalgamating Company
9. The Amalgamating Company was incorporated on  
August 1, 1936, as The Associated Cement Companies Limited, a public limited company, with the Registrar of Companies, Bombay, under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1913. Its name was changed to ACC Limited on September 1, 2006. The registered office of the Amalgamating Company was shifted from the State of Maharashtra to the State of Gujarat on March 18, 2024. The Corporate Identification Number of the Amalgamating Company is L26940GJ1936PLC149771. The Permanent Account Number of the Amalgamating Company is AAACT1507C. The Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 2026, was holding 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company. Thus, the Amalgamating Company is the subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company.
10. Pursuant to the shifting of the registered office of the 
Amalgamating Company from the State of Maharashtra to the State of Gujarat on March 18, 2024, the present registered office of the Amalgamating Company is situated at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the name or in the registered office address of the Amalgamating Company since last 5 years. The e-mail address of the Amalgamating Company is acc-investorsupport@adani.com.
11. The objects for which the Amalgamating Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. The main objects of the Amalgamating Company are as follows:
 “III.
 1) To pur chase, take on lease, or otherwise acquire  
the undertaking business and property or any part thereof of any company or companies carrying on business as manufacturers of cement in India or elsewhere, or any other business which the Company is entitled to carry on.
 2) Without der ogating from the generality of the foregoing 
object, to acquire the cement works and other attached works of the companies named below, with the lands, buildings, plant, machinery and other properties connected with the same and the benefit of all pending contracts and orders together with the rights and privileges relating to the said works, viz.- (1) Bundi Portland Cement, Limited, (2) Punjab Portland Cement, Limited, (3) The Indian Cement Company, Limited, (4) The Shahabad Cement Company, Limited, (5) The Katni Cement and Industrial Company, Limited, (6) The Gwalior Cement Company, Limited, (7) The C.P .Cement Company, Limited, (8) The United Cement Company of India, Limited, (9) The Okha Cement Company, Limited, and (10) The Coimbatore Cement Company, Limited, and with a view thereto, to enter into and carry into effect either with or without modification and subject to the proviso mentioned in Clause 3 of Articles of Association of the Company an Agreement which has already been prepared and is expressed to be made between Bundi Portland Cement, Limited, of the first part, Punjab adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
14
ACC Limited
Portland Cement, Limited, of the second part, The 
Indian Cement Company, Limited, of the third part, The Shahabad Cement Company, Limited, of the fourth part, The Katni Cement and Industrial Company, Limited, of the fifth part, The Gwalior Cement Company, Limited, of the sixth part, The C.P . Cement Company, Limited, of the seventh part, The United Cement Company of India, Limited, of the eight part, The Okha Cement Company, Limited, of the ninth part, The Coimbatore Cement Company, Limited, of the tenth part, and this Company, of the eleventh part, and which is referred to in Clause 3 of the Articles of Association of the Company.
 3) To c arry on all or any of the businesses of manufacturers 
and sellers of and dealers and workers in cement of all kinds, concrete, asbestos, gypsum, coal, jute, hessian cloth, gunny bags, paper bags, lime, plasters, whiting, clay, bauxite, soapstone, ochres, paints, fixing materials, gravel, sand, bricks, tiles, pipes, pottery, earthern ware, artificial stone, and manufacturers’ , builders’ and dyers’ requisites and conveniences of all kinds.
 4) To c arry on the business of miners, metallurgists, 
builders, contractors, engineers, merchants, importers, and exporters, and to buy, sell and deal in property of all kinds.
 5) To c arry on investigations to discover places where 
cement can be profitably made, or where materials for any manufacturing work the Company is entitled to carry on can be obtained and to obtain prospecting licenses and do prospecting or research work in that behalf.
 6) To w ork mines or quarries and to prospect for, search 
for, find, win, get, work, crush, smelt, manufacture or otherwise deal with limestone, chalk, clay, ores, metals, minerals, oils, precious and other stones or deposits or products and generally to carry on the business of mining in all branches.
 7) To acquire, by concession, grant, purchase, barter, lease, 
license or otherwise, either absolutely or conditionally and either solely or jointly with others, any lands, buildings, mines, minerals, potteries, pottery works, easements, way leaves, privileges, rights, licenses, powers and concessions, and in particular, any water rights or concessions for the purpose of obtaining motive power, and any machinery plant, utensils, goods, trade marks, and other moveable and immoveable property of any description which the Company may think necessary or convenient for purposes of its business or which may seem to the Company capable of being turned to account.
 8) To sear ch for ores and minerals, mine and grant licenses 
for mining in or over any lands which may be acquired, or held by the Company, and to lease any such lands for building or other use.
 9) To use , cultivate, work, manage, improve, carry on, 
develop and turn to account the undertaking, lands, mines, rights, privileges, property and assets of any kind of the Company or any part thereof. 10) To c arry on the business of a water-works company in all 
its branches, and to sink wells and shafts, and to make, build and construct, lay down and maintain dams, reservoirs, water-works, cisterns, culverts, filterbeds, mains and other pipes and appliances, and to execute and do all other acts and things necessary or convenient for obtaining, storing, selling, delivering, measuring, distributing and dealing in water.
 11) To c arry on business as manufacturers of chemicals and 
manures, distillers, dye-makers, gas-makers, smelters, metallurgists and chemical engineers, and carriers by land, air and sea, wharfingers, warehousemen, barge owners, planters, farmers, brick-makers, potters, timber merchants, saw- mill proprietors, and timber growers, and to buy, sell, grow, prepare for the market, manipulate, import, export and deal in articles of all kinds in the manufacture of which timber or wood is used, and to buy, clear, plant and work timber estates.
 12) To acquire, be interested in, construct, maintain, carry out, 
improve, work, alter, control and manage any tramways, railways, steamboats, roads, bridges, tunnels, water-works, water-rights, canals, irrigation work, gas-works, coal mines, electric works, reservoirs, watercourses, furnaces, stamping works, smelting works, factories, warehouses and other works and conveniences which the Company may think conducive to any of its objects or which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company’s interest, and to contribute to and take part in the constructing, maintaining, carrying on, improving, working, controlling and managing of any such works or conveniences.
 13) To tr ansact and carry on all kinds of Agency business.
 14) Gener ally to carry on in any place or places any other 
trade or business, whether manufacturing or otherwise, subsidiary or auxiliary to, or which may seem to the Company capable of being conveniently carried on in connection with any of the Company’s objects or calculated to enhance the value of or render profitable any of the Company’s property or rights and to establish and maintain any Agencies in any part of the world for the conduct of the business of the Company, or for the sale of any materials or things for the time being at the disposal of the Company for sale, and to advertise and adopt means of making known or promoting the use of all or any of the manufactures, products or goods of the Company or any articles or goods traded or dealt in by the Company, in any way that may be thought advisable, including the posting of bills in relation thereto, and the issue of circulars, books, pamphlets and price lists, and the conducting of competitions, exhibitions and the giving of prizes, rewards and donations.
 15) To apply for , purchase or by any other means, acquire, 
and protect, prolong and renew, any patents, patent rights, brevets d’invention, licenses, protections and concessions which may appear likely to be advantageous or useful to the Company, and to use and turn to account, and to manufacture under or grant licenses or privileges in respect of the same and to spend money adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
15
in experimenting upon and testing and in improving 
or seeking to improve any patents, inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire.
 16) To enter into any agreements with any governments or 
states or authorities, municipal, local, or otherwise, that may seem conducive to the Company’s objects, or any of them, and to obtain from any such government or state or authority, any rights, privileges, and concessions which the Company may think it desirable to obtain, and to carry out, exercise, and comply with any such arrangements, rights, privileges, and concessions.
 17) To under take and carry on any business, transaction, 
or operation commonly undertaken or carried on by promoters of companies, concessionaires, contractors for public and other works, or merchants.
 18) To b e interested in, promote, and undertake the 
formation and establishment of such institutions, businesses, pools, combines, syndicates, industrial, trading or manufacturing, as may be considered to be conducive to the profit and interest of the Company and to acquire, promote and/or subsidise interests in any industry or undertaking and to carry on any other business (industrial trading, manufacturing, or other) which may seem to the Company capable of being conveniently carried on in connection with any of the objects of the Company or otherwise calculated, directly or indirectly, to render any of the Company’s property or rights for the time being profitable.
 19) To purchase or otherwise acquire and undertake the 
whole or any part of the business, property, rights and liabilities of any person, firm or company, carrying on any business which this Company is authorised to carry on, or possessed of property or rights suitable for any of the purposes of the Company, and to purchase, acquire, sell and deal in shares, stock, debentures or debenture stock of any such persons, firm or Company, and to conduct, make or carry into effect any arrangement in regard to the winding-up of the business, of any such person, firm or Company.
 20) To ent er into partnership or into any arrangement for 
sharing profits, union of interests, co-operation, joint adventure, reciprocal concession or otherwise with any person, firm or company carrying on or engaged in, or about to carry on or engage in, any business or transaction which this Company is authorised to carry on or engage in, or any business undertaking or transaction which may seem capable of being carried on or conducted so as directly or indirectly to benefit the Company; and to lend money to guarantee the contracts of or otherwise assist any such person, firm or company, and to take or otherwise acquire and hold shares or securities of any such person, firm or company, and to sell, hold, re-issue, with or without guarantee, or otherwise deal with the same.
 21) To amalgamat e with any company or companies 
having objects altogether or in part similar to those of this Company. 22) To pr omote and form, and to be interested in, and 
take, hold and dispose of shares in any other company having objects similar altogether or in part to those of this Company or carrying on any business capable of being conducted so as directly or indirectly to benefit the Company and to subsidise or assist any such company financially or otherwise by issuing or subscribing for or guaranteeing the subscription and issue of shares, stock, debentures, debenture stock or other securities of such company, to transfer to any such company any property of this Company, and to take or otherwise acquire, hold and dispose of shares, debentures and other securities in or of any such company.
 23) To pay for an y properties, rights or privileges acquired by 
the Company, in shares or debentures of this Company, or partly in shares or debentures and partly in cash, or otherwise, and to give shares or stock or debentures of this Company in exchange for shares or stock or debentures of any other company.
 24) To r emunerate or make donations to (by cash or other 
assets, or by the allotment of fully or partly paid shares, or by a call or option on shares, debentures, debenture stock or securities of this or any other company, or in any other manner) any person or persons for services rendered or to be rendered in introducing any property or business to the Company, or in placing or assisting to place or guaranteeing the subscription of any shares, debentures, debenture stock, or other securities of the Company, or for any other reason which the Company may think proper.
 25) To pr ocure the registration or other recognition of the 
Company in any country, state or place, and to establish and regulate agencies for the purpose of the Company’s business.
 26) To apply , or join in applying to and obtain from any 
parliament or legislative authority, government, local, municipal or other authority or body, British Colonial or foreign, for any acts of parliament, or other acts of legislature, laws, decrees, concessions, orders, rights or privileges or authority that may seem conducive to the Company’s objects, or any of them or may seem expedient, and to oppose any proceedings or applications or legislation or grant or withdrawal of any rights, privileges or concessions or any imposition or alteration or cancellation of any taxes or duties or tariffs which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company’s interests.
 27) To op en and keep a register or registers in any country, 
state, territory, or dominion where it may be deemed advisable to do so and to allocate any number of the shares in the Company to such register or registers.
 28) To dr aw, make, issue, accept and to endorse, discount 
and negotiate promissory notes, hundies, bills of exchange, bills of lading, delivery orders, warrants, ware-house keeps, certificates and other negotiable or commercial or mercantile instruments connected with the business of the Company.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
16
ACC Limited
 29) To b orrow or raise or secure the payment of money, or 
to receive money on deposit at interest, or otherwise 
in such manner as the Company may think fit, and in particular, by the issue of debentures or debenture stock, perpetual or otherwise including debentures or debenture stock convertible into shares of this or any other company and in security of any such money so borrowed, raised or received, to mortgage, pledge, or charge the whole or any part of the property, assets or revenue of the Company, present or future, including its uncalled capital, and to purchase, redeem or pay off any such securities.
 30) To lend , or deposit moneys belonging to or entrusted 
to or at the disposal of the Company to such person or company and in particular to customers and others having dealings with the Company with or without security, upon such terms as may be thought proper and to invest or otherwise employ such moneys in such manner as may be thought proper and from time to time to vary such transactions in such manner as the Company may think fit.
 31) To sell and in an y other manner deal with or dispose of 
the undertaking or property of the Company, or any part thereof, for such consideration as the Company may think fit, and in particular for shares, debentures and other securities of any other company having objects altogether or in part similar to those of the Company.
 32) To impr ove, manage, work, develop, exchange, lease, 
mortgage, turn to account, abandon or otherwise deal with all or any part of the property, rights and concessions of the Company.
 33) (a)  To pr ovide for the welfare of employees or  
ex-employees of the Company or its predecessors in business and the wives, widows and families or the dependents or connections of such persons by building or contributing to the building of houses, dwellings or quarters, or by grants of money, pensions, allowances, bonuses, profit sharing bonuses, payments towards insurance or other payments; or by creating and from time to time subscribing or contributing to, aiding or supporting provident and other associations, institutions, funds or trusts, or conveniences, or profit sharing schemes and by providing or subscribing or contributing towards places of instruction and recreation, hospitals and dispensaries, medical and other attendance and other assistance as the Company shall think fit.
  (b)  To subscribe or contribute or otherwise to assist 
or to guarantee money to charitable, benevolent, religious, scientific, national political or any other institution, objects or purposes or for any exhibition, or for any public, general or useful object.
 34) To plac e, to reserve or to distribute as dividend or bonus 
among the members, or otherwise to apply, as the Company may from time to time think fit, any moneys received by way of premium on shares or debentures issued at a premium by the Company, and any moneys received in respect of dividends accrued on forfeited shares, and moneys arising from the sale by the Company of forfeited shares or from unclaimed dividends.
 35) To distribut e any of the property of the Company 
amongst the members in specie or kind.
 36) To do all or an y of the above things and all such other 
things as are incidental or may be thought conducive to the attainment of the above objects or any of them in any part of the world, and as principals, agents, contractors, trustees or otherwise, and by or through trustees, agents, or otherwise and either alone or in conjunction with others and so that the word “company” in this Memorandum when applied otherwise than to this Company shall be deemed to include any authority, partnership or other body of persons, whether incorporated or not incorporated, and whether domiciled in India or elsewhere. ”
 There has been no change in the main object clause of the 
Amalgamating Company since last 5 (five) years.
12. The Amalgamating Company is one of India’s most 
longstanding and prominent cement and building materials company and is engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing of cement and ready-mix concrete, serving diverse customers across residential, infrastructure, commercial, and industrial construction sector.
13. The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital 
of the Amalgamating Company as on June 30, 2026, was as under:
Particulars Amount in 
Rupees
Authorised share capital
22,50,00,000 equity shares of ` 10/- 
each225,00,00,000
10,00,00,000 preference shares of  ` 10/- each100,00,00,000
Total 325,00,00,000
Issued share capital^
18,87,93,243 equity shares of ` 10/- 
each fully paid-up188,79,32,430
Total 188,79,32,430
Subscribed and paid-up share capital
^
18,77,87,263 equity shares of ` 10/- each fully paid up187,78,72,630
Add: 3,84,060 equity shares of ` 10/- each forfeited – amount originally paid up20,00,000
Total 187,98,72,630
 ^There is difference of 10,05,980 equity shares between 
issued and subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Amalgamating Company on account of:adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
17
 1) 5,38,000 equity shar es so issued have not been allotted 
and kept in abeyance, which pertains to previous right 
issue offered by the Amalgamating Company to its shareholders in Financial Year 1995.
 2) 3,84,060 equit y shares forfeited forms a part of 
Issued Capital but not the subscribed capital and the same pertains to previous right issue offered by the Amalgamating Company to its shareholders in Financial Year 1995.
 3) 63,880 equity shar es so issued have been kept in 
abeyance from previous right issue offered by the Amalgamating Company to its shareholders in Financial Year 1999.
 4) 20,040 equit y shares issued but not subscribed and 
difference brought forward from earlier years.
14. The equity shares of the Amalgamating Company are listed 
on BSE Limited (hereinafter referred to as “BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (hereinafter referred to as “NSE”), respectively. BSE and NSE are together referred to as “Stock Exchanges”.
Particulars of the Applicant No. 2/Amalgamated Company
15. The Amalgamated Company was incorporated on October 
20, 1981, as Ambuja Cements Private Limited with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, as a private limited company, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to (i) Ambuja Cements Limited on March 19, 1983, pursuant to its conversion into a public limited company; (ii) Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited on May 19, 1983; and (iii) Ambuja Cements Limited on April 5, 2007. The Corporate Identification Number of the Amalgamated Company is L26942GJ1981PLC004717. The Permanent Account Number of the Amalgamated Company is AAACG0569P . The Amalgamated Company is the holding company of the Amalgamating Company and, as on June 30, 2026, the Amalgamated Company holds 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company.
16. The registered office of the Amalgamated Company was 
situated at P O Ambuja Nagar, Taluka Kodinar, Amreli, Dist: Junagadh, Gujarat. Thereafter, with effect from October 8, 2022, the registered office of the Amalgamated Company was shifted to Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the registered office address of the Amalgamated Company since last 5 years. The e-mail address of the Amalgamated Company is investors.relation@adani.com.
17. The objects for which the Amalgamated Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. The main objects of the Amalgamated Company are as under:
 “III
 (A)  MAIN OBJECTS OF THE C OMPANY TO BE PURSUED BY 
THE COMPANY ON ITS INCORPORATION:
 (1) To c arry on the business as manufacturers and dealers in 
Grey Cement, White Portland Cement, Ordinary Portland Cement and Cement of all kinds and varieties, Concrete, Lime, Clay, Gypsum and Lime Stone, Sagole, Soap Stone, Repifix Cement and allied products and by-products.
 (2) To establish, c onstruct, acquire, run, operate on any 
factory for manufacturing Cement and allied products.
 (3) To c arry on the business of providing services for waste 
management and/or undertake such waste treatment activities or operating pretreatment system, by  
co-processing, incineration, thermal, chemical or biological or through any other process of liquid / solid/ gaseous, hazardous / non-hazardous, municipal, agricultural, medical/clinic waste etc. from industrial / non-industrial sources, body corporate, agencies of local, state or central government or from any other sources and includes generation, collection, transportation and storage of wastes and disposal of the same, conducting trial runs, emission monitoring and entering in to agreements for this purpose, receive tipping fees / or pay charges for the material.
 (4) To impar t professional training, technical training, 
business support and problem solving solution and/or other support services and to provide material library, reference portal, professional support, hands on experience and/or function as a excellence centre that promotes & offer solution for application of cement, concrete and other construction materials etc. to engineers, masons, architects, consultants, dealers, wholesellers, retailers, channel partners, and other construction industry etc. and for this purpose, to convene, hold or conduct seminars, conferences, workshops, technical lectures and manuals, video screenings, panel discussions and to promote, establish knowledge centers for skill advancement and competency development.
 (B)  OBJECTS INCIDENT AL OR ANCILLARY TO THE 
ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN OBJECTS
 (40)  To amalgamat e, enter into any partnership or partially 
amalgamate with or acquire an interest in the business of any other company, person or firm, carrying on a business included in the objects of the Company, or enter into any arrangement for sharing profits or for co-operation, or for limiting competition, or for mutual assistance, with any such person, firm or company, or to acquire auxiliary to the business of the Company or connected therewith or which may seem to the Company capable to being conveniently carried on in connection with the above, or calculated directly to enhance the value of or render more profitable any of the Company’s property and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid, or property acquired, any share, debenture-stock or securities that may be agreed upon, and to hold and retain or sell, mortgage and deal  
with any shares, debentures, debenture-stock or securities so received. ”
 There has been no change in the main object clause of the 
Amalgamated Company since last 5 (five) years.
18. The Amalgamated Company is among the leading 
cement companies in India, renowned for its hassle-free,  adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
18
ACC Limited
home-building solutions with its unique sustainable 
development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started its operations.
19. The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital 
of the Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 2026, was as under:
Particulars Amount  
(in Rupees)
Authorised Share Capital^
4,276,77,50,000 equity shares of  ` 2/- each8,553,55,00,000
235,00,00,000 preference shares of  ` 10/- each2,350,00,00,000
Total 10,903,55,00,000
Issued Share Capital
^
248,51,43,706* equity shares of  ` 2/- each fully paid up497,02,87,412
Total 497,02,87,412
Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital
^
248,48,17,186* equity shares of  ` 2/- each fully paid up
#496,96,34,372
Total 496,96,34,372
 ^ The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital 
as stated above is after giving effect to the sanction of, Scheme of Amalgamation of Adani Cementation Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, which has been made effective from  
August 1, 2025; Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders, which has made effective from March 12, 2026; and Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders, which has made effective from April 10, 2026.
 *  The issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,51,295 
equity shares represented by 13,51,295 global depository receipts as on June 30, 2026.
 # The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, 
subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right shares which are kept in abeyance.
20. The equity shares of the Amalgamated Company are listed 
on the Stock Exchanges. The global depository receipts issued by the Amalgamated Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
21. NCLT by: (i) order dated February 9, 2026, approved the 
Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited (a subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company) and the Amalgamated Company and their respective shareholders (“Sanghi Merger Scheme”), which has made effective from March 12, 2026; and (ii) order dated  
March 30, 2026, approved the Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited (a subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company) and the Amalgamated Company and their respective shareholders (“Penna Cement Merger Scheme”), which has made effective from April 10, 2026. The Board of the Amalgamated Company, in its meeting held on December 22, 2025, approved a separate scheme for amalgamation of Orient Cement Limite d (a subsidiary 
of the Amalgamated Company) with the Amalgamated 
Company (“Orient Merger Scheme”). Pursuant to the filing of the joint Company Application, being C.A. (CAA)/29  
(AHM) 2026, before the NCLT, the NCLT by its order dated  
July 20, 2026, inter alia, directed convening of the meetings  
of the respective equity shareholders of Orient Cement Limited and the Amalgamated Company, both on September 28, 2026.
22. Rationale and Benefits of the Scheme
 22.1.  The A malgamated Company is among India’s leading 
cement manufacturers, with installed capacity across India. The Amalgamating Company is also engaged in cement manufacturing with capacities that strategically complement and enhance the manufacturing footprint of the Amalgamated Company. The Amalgamated Company is the Promoter of the Amalgamating Company and holds 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company. As both the companies are under the same line of business, the amalgamation will enable the Amalgamated Company to assume complete ownership and direction of the Amalgamating Company’s business for long-term strategic alignment. The proposed amalgamation will combine the operations of both companies, driving focused growth, operational efficiencies, and significant business synergies. Furthermore, the resulting corporate structure will enhance agility and strengthen the overall business ecosystem of the merged entity.
 22.2.  The amalgama tion will unify manufacturing and 
commercial functions, optimize resource allocation, and streamline the group’s structure by reducing multiple entities in the same line of business. This integration will enable faster decision-making, smoother execution of production plans, and stronger operational discipline enhancing agility and efficiency across the combined network.
 22.3.  The amalgama tion will enable to deploy its financial, 
managerial, and operational resources more effectively. With all resources under the management of a single entity, both allocation and utilization can be optimized to support the Amalgamated Company’s strategic objectives.
 22.4.  By pooling financial, operational, and logistical 
resources, the merged entity will unlock economies of scale. Coupled with a unified market approach and efficient capital deployment, these synergies will boost profitability, strengthen competitiveness, and deliver superior long-term value and benefits to shareholders and other stakeholders.
 22.5.  The amalgama tion is in alignment with the 
Amalgamated Company’s long-term vision of consolidation and sustainable growth. Over time, the unified structure is expected to generate increased value for shareholders, supporting Amalgamated Company’s ongoing commitment to delivering 
sustainable returns.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
19
23. Synergies of Business of the entities involved in the 
Scheme
 23.1.  The proposed Scheme would, inter alia, result in 
the following synergies:
  (a) Operational Synergies: Integration of 
operations will lead to improved asset utilization, process standardization and elimination of operational overlaps, enhancing productivity and efficiency.
  (b) Cost Synergies: The merger will eliminate duplication of corporate functions and support services, resulting in recurring cost savings.
  (c) Financial Synergies: Pooling of financial resources will strengthen the balance sheet of the merged entity and improve working capital management.
  (d) Revenue and Scale Benefits: The combined 
entity will benefit from increased scale, stronger market presence and improved ability to service customers and pursue larger business opportunities.
  (e) Governance and Compliance Synergies: A 
unified entity structure will enable focused governance, streamlined compliance management and more effective Board oversight.
24. Impact of the Scheme on Shareholders
 24.1. Amalgama ting Company
  For the shareholders of the Amalgamating Company, 
the proposed Scheme will provide an opportunity to improve the economic value for the shareholders. This is particularly marked in the improved  
synergies that will arise pursuant to the Scheme.  
The proposed Scheme will result in deriving benefits for future capacity expansion and efficiency improvement measures. Thus, upon the Scheme becoming effective, the shareholders of the Amalgamating Company will be able to participate in the growth of the Amalgamated Company, which is the leading cement manufacturing company in India as on date.
 24.2.  Amalgamated Company
  For the shar eholders of the Amalgamated Company, 
the proposed Scheme will result in economies of scale and consolidation of opportunities will improve profitability and enhance overall shareholder value. This is particularly marked in the improved synergies that will arise pursuant to the Scheme. Based on the Share Exchange Ratio as set out in the Valuation Report (as defined in the Scheme) , there will be no 
detrimental impact of the proposed Scheme on the shareholders and no shareholder is expected to have any disproportionate advantage or disadvantage in any manner.Relationship among Companies who are parties to the Scheme
25. The Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 2026, was 
holding 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company. Thus, the Amalgamating Company is the subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company.
Corporate Approvals
In respect of Applicant No. 1/Amalgamating Company
26. The draft Scheme along with the report, recommending 
fair equity share exchange ratio in respect of the proposed 
Scheme, dated December 22, 2025, jointly issued by  
GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer  
(IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) (hereinafter referred to as the “Joint Valuation Report”), among other documents, were placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee  
of the Amalgamating Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. A fairness opinion issued by SBI Capital Markets Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker (hereinafter referred to as the “ Fairness Opinion 1”), to 
the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company, in respect of the Joint Valuation Report, was also placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Amalgamating Company. Copies of: (i) the Joint Valuation Report, dated December 22, 2025; and (ii) Fairness Opinion 1, dated December 22, 2025, are enclosed as Annexure 2 
and Annexure 3, respectively.
 The Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the 
Amalgamating Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for the consideration of the Audit Committee of the Amalgamating Company.
27. The draft Scheme, the Joint Valuation Report and the 
Fairness Opinion 1, amongst others, were placed before the Audit Committee of the Amalgamating Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The Audit Committee of the Amalgamating Company after due deliberations and, inter alia, based on the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company.
28. The draft Scheme, the Joint Valuation Report and the 
Fairness Opinion 1, amongst others, were placed before the Committee of Independent Directors of the Amalgamating Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The Committee of Independent Directors of the Amalgamating Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on 
the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for favourable consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company.
29. The draft Scheme along with the Joint Valuation Report, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The Fairness Opinion 1 was also placed before the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company. Based on the aforesaid and the resolution/reports, inter alios, submitted by the Mergers & Acquisitions 
Committee, the Audit Committee and the Committee of adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
20
ACC Limited
Independent Directors, recommending the Scheme, the 
Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 22, 2025.  
The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company, held on December 22, 2025, was attended by  
7 (Seven) directors, namely, Mr. Karan Adani (DIN: 03088095), Chairman; Dr. Vinay Prakash (DIN: 03634648), Non-Executive Non-Independent Director; Mr. Sandeep Singhi (DIN: 01211070), Independent Director; Mr. Rajeev Agarwal (DIN: 07984221), Independent Director; and Ms. Shruti Shah (DIN: 08337714), Independent Director, who attended the meeting through video conferencing, and Mr. Vinod Bahety (DIN: 09192400), Wholetime Director and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Nitin Shukla (DIN: 00041433), Independent Director, who attended the meeting in person. Mr. Sandeep Singhi, being the legal advisor to the Scheme abstained from participating and voting. None of the directors of the Amalgamating Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus, the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
In respect of Applicant No. 2/Amalgamated Company
30. The draft Scheme along with the Joint Valuation Report, 
among other documents, were placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Amalgamated Company. A fairness opinion issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker (hereinafter referred to as the “Fairness Opinion 2”), to the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company, in respect of the Joint Valuation Report, was also placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Amalgamated Company. Copy of the Fairness Opinion 2, dated December 22, 2025, is enclosed as Annexure 4. Copy of the Summary of the Joint Valuation Report, including the basis of such Joint Valuation Report and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2, is enclosed as Annexure 5. The Mergers and 
Acquisitions Committee of the Amalgamated Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on the aforesaid, 
recommended the Scheme for the consideration of the Audit Committee of the Amalgamated Company.
31. The draft Scheme, the Joint Valuation Report and the 
Fairness Opinion 2, amongst others, were placed before the Audit Committee of the Amalgamated Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The Audit Committee of the Amalgamated Company, after due deliberations and, inter alia, based on the aforesaid recommended the Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company.
32. The draft Scheme, the Joint Valuation Report and the 
Fairness Opinion 2, amongst others, were placed before the Committee of Independent Directors of the Amalgamated Company at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The Committee of Independent Directors of the Amalgamated Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on 
the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for favourable consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company.
33. The draft Scheme along with the Joint Valuation Report, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Co mpany at its meeting held on 
December 22, 2025. The Fairness Opinion 2 was also 
placed before the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company. Based on the aforesaid and the resolution/reports, inter alios, submitted by the Mergers & Acquisitions 
Committee, the Audit Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors, recommending the Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 22, 2025. The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company, held on December 22, 2025, was attended by 9 (Nine) directors, namely, Mr. Gautam Adani (DIN: 00006273), Chairman; Mr. Karan Adani (DIN: 03088095), Non-Executive Director; Mr. Ajay Kapur (DIN: 03096416), Managing Director; Mr. Rajnish Kumar (DIN: 05328267), Independent Director; Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051), Independent Director; Mr. Ameet Desai (DIN: 00007116), Independent Director; Ms. Purvi Sheth (DIN: 06449636), Independent Director; and Mr. Praveen Garg (DIN: 00208604), Independent Director, who attended the meeting through video conferencing, and Mr. Vinod Bahety (DIN: 09192400), Wholetime Director and Chief Executive Officer, who attended the meeting in person. None of the directors of the Amalgamated Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus, the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
Approvals and actions taken in relation to the Scheme
34. NSE was appoin ted as the Designated Stock Exchange by the 
Amalgamating Company for the purpose of co-ordinating with SEBI for obtaining approval of SEBI in accordance with SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
35. The Amalgamating Company had by its two separate 
letters, both dated January 2, 2026, applied to the said Stock Exchanges for their no-objection to the Scheme. Thereafter, certain information/details/queries were sought/raised by NSE/BSE and the same were submitted by the Amalgamating Company.
36. As required by the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the 
Amalgamating Company filed a Complaint Report with the NSE on February 5, 2026, and BSE on February 5, 2026. Copies of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by the Amalgamating Company to NSE and the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by the Amalgamating Company to BSE are enclosed as Annexure 6 
and Annexure 7, respectively.
37. In terms of Paragraph A.2.k) of Part-I of the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/debenture trustees, from not less than 75% of the secured creditors in value is required to be obtained. It is submitted that the Amalgamating Company had no secured creditors on the date of the aforesaid applications filed by it with the Stock Exchanges or even as on date. Hence, no such No Objection Certificate is required to be obtained by  
the Amalgamating Company in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
38. NSE was appoin ted as the Designated Stock Exchange by the 
Amalgamated Company for the purpose of co-ordinating adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
21
with SEBI for obtaining approval of SEBI in accordance with 
SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
39. The Amalgamated Company had by its two separate letters, 
both dated January 3, 2026, applied to the said Stock Exchanges for their no-objection to the Scheme. Thereafter, certain information/details/queries were sought/raised by NSE/BSE and the same were submitted by the Amalgamated Company.
40. As required by the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the 
Amalgamated Company filed a Complaint Report with the NSE on February 5, 2026 and BSE on February 5, 2026. Copies of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by the Amalgamated Company to NSE and the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by the Amalgamated Company to BSE, are enclosed as Annexure 8 
and Annexure 9, respectively.
41. In terms of Paragraph A.2.k) of Part-I of the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/debenture trustees, from not less than 75% of the secured creditors in value is required to be obtained. It is submitted that the Amalgamated Company had no secured creditors on the date of the aforesaid applications filed by it with the Stock Exchanges or even as on date. Hence, no such No Objection Certificate is required to be obtained by the Amalgamated Company in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
42. The Companies received no-objection/no adverse 
observation letter regarding the Scheme from NSE and BSE, both dated June 4, 2026, conveying their no-objection/no adverse observation for filing the Scheme with NCLT.
 By the said letter dated June 4, 2026, NSE communicated the 
following observations of SEBI to the Companies:
 “a) The Companies shall ensure that the proposed 
composite Scheme of Arrangement is in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
 b) The C ompanies shall ensure that ACC Limited (ACC) 
and Ambuja Cements Limited (Ambuja) discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against ACC and Ambuja, their promoters and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme.
 c) The C ompanies shall ensure that additional information, 
if any, submitted by the Companies after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the website(s) of the listed companies.
 d) The C ompanies shall ensure that the entities  
involved in the proposed scheme shall not make  
any changes in the draft scheme subsequent to  
filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal. e) The C ompanies shall ensure compliance with the  
SEBI circulars issued from time to time.
 f) The Companies shall ensure that the financials in the 
scheme considered are not for period more than 6 months old.
 g) The C ompanies shall ensure that the proposed equity 
shares, any, to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.
 h) The C ompanies shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be 
acted upon subject to the applicants complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
 i) The C ompanies shall ensue that the observations of 
SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the companies are obliged to bring the observations to the notice  
of NCLT.
 j) The C ompanies shall prominently disclose the following 
as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the companies to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter:
  i. A simple explanation of the scheme of 
arrangement.
  ii. The r ationale and objectives underlying the 
proposed scheme.
  iii. A detailed explanation of the impact of the 
scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or change in rights.
  iv. A cost-b enefit analysis outlining the anticipated 
benefits versus associated costs of the scheme.
  v. The lat est financials of ACC, and Ambuja, not older 
than 6 months from the date of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies’ website and also disclosed in the explanatory statement.
  vi. Pr omoter-wise and aggregate shareholding 
details of the promoter and promoter group in ACC and Ambuja, before and after the scheme, and the corresponding change in public shareholding.
  vii. Pr omoter-wise and aggregate shareholding 
details of the promoter and promoter group in Ambuja, before and after execution of all the concurrent schemes, and the change in public shareholding.
  viii. Details of the Regist ered Valuer issuing the 
Valuation Report and the Merchant Banker issuing Fairness opinion, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key assumptions.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
22
ACC Limited
  ix. Details of Rev enue, PAT and EBIDTA of ACC and 
Ambuja for last 3 financial years.
  x. Pr e and Post scheme shareholding of ACC and 
Ambuja as on the date of Shareholders’ meeting 
notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
  xi. The v alue of Assets and liabilities of ACC being 
transferred to Ambuja and post-scheme balance sheet of Ambuja.
  xii. Disclose details of all pending or ongoing 
adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs and the possible impact of the same on Ambuja.
  k) The Companies shall ensure compliance with all 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder.
  l) It is t o be noted that the petitions are filed by the 
Companies before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the Companies are not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
  m) The C ompanies shall ensure that the listed entity 
involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.
  n) Please not e that the submission of documents/
information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. ”
 By the said letter dated June 4, 2026, BSE communicated the 
following observations of SEBI to the Companies:
 1. “T he proposed composite Scheme of Arrangement shall 
be in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. ”
 2. “A CC Limited (ACC) and Ambuja Cements Limited 
(Ambuja) shall ensure that they disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme. ”
 3. “T he entities shall ensure that additional information, if 
any, submitted by them after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed companies and the stock exchanges. ”
 4. “T he entities involved in the proposed scheme shall 
not make any changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal. ”
 5. “T he entities shall ensure compliance with the SEBI 
circulars issued from time to time. ”
 6. “T he entities shall ensure that the financials in the 
scheme considered are not for period more than 6 months old. ”
 7. “T he listed entities are advised that the proposed equity 
shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. ”
 8. “T he listed entities are advised that the “Scheme” shall 
be acted upon subject to the listed entities complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. ”
 9. “T he entities are advised that the observations of SEBI/
Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT. ”
 10. “T he entities are advised to prominently disclose the 
following, as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter:
  a) A simple explanation of the scheme of 
arrangement.
  b) The r ationale and objectives underlying the 
proposed scheme.
  c) A detailed explanation of the impact of the 
scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or change in rights.
  d) A cost-b enefit analysis outlining the anticipated 
benefits versus associated costs of the scheme,
  e) The lat est financials of ACC, and Ambuja, not older 
than 6 months from the date of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies’ website and also disclosed in the explanatory statement.
  f) Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding 
details of the promoter and promoter group in ACC and Ambuja, before and after the scheme, and the corresponding change in public shareholding.
  g) Pr omoter-wise and aggregate shareholding 
details of the promoter and promoter group in Ambuja, before and after execution of all the concurrent schemes, and the change in public shareholding.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
23
  h) Details of the Regist ered Valuer issuing Valuation 
Report and the Merchant Banker issuing Fairness 
opinion, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key assumptions.
  i) Details of Rev enue, PAT and EBIDTA of ACC and 
Ambuja for last 3 financial years.
  j) Pr e and Post scheme shareholding of ACC and 
Ambuja as on the date of Shareholders’ meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
  k) The v alue of Assets and liabilities of ACC being 
transferred to Ambuja and post-scheme balance sheet of Ambuja.
  l) Disclose details of all pending or ongoing 
adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the possible impact of the same on Ambuja. ”
 11. “T he entities are advised to comply with the all 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder. ”
 12. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company 
before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBl/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/ observations/ representations. ”
 13. “T he listed entities involved in the proposed scheme shall 
disclose the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same. ”
 14. “Please not e that the submission of documents/
information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. ”
 Copies of the no-objection/no adverse observation letters, 
both dated June 4, 2026, received by the Companies from NSE and BSE, respectively, are enclosed as Annexure 10 and 
Annexure 11, respectively.
43. Pursuant to comments by SEBI in the aforesaid observation 
letters, the Companies bring to the notice of their respective equity shareholders the details of “Ongoing adjudication 
& recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against ACC Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, , 2026, and “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against  Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors” as 
on June 30,  2026. The respective details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 12 and Annexure 13, 
respectively. The aforesaid details also formed part of the joint Company Application in CA (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 2026,  
filed by the Companies before NCLT.
44. Further, the Companies also bring to the notice of their 
respective equity shareholders the details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (a) clause j) i. to xii. of the no-objection letter dated June 4, 2026, received from NSE; and (b) clause 10. a) to l) of the no adverse observation letter dated June 4, 2026, received from BSE. The details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 14.
45. The Companies would obtain/cause to be obtained all such 
other approvals from the Governmental Authority as may be required under Law.
46. C.A. (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 2026 along with annexures thereto 
(which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the Companies with the NCLT, on June 29, 2026. The hard copy whereof was filed with the NCLT on June 30, 2026.
Salient extracts of the Scheme
47. Certain clauses of the Scheme are extracted below:
“PART II
2. Definitions, interpretation, date of taking effect and share 
capital
2.1.  Definitions
 In this Scheme , the following words and expressions shall, 
unless the context requires otherwise, have the following meanings ascribed to them:
2.1.5.
 “Appointed Date” means January 1, 2026.
2.1.8.  “Effective Date” means the last of the dates on which all the approvals or events specified under Clause 4.3 of the Scheme are obtained or have occurred or the requirement of which have been waived. References in this Scheme to “upon the coming into effect of this Scheme” or “upon this Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of this Scheme” or “Scheme coming into effect” shall mean the Effective Date.
2.1.17. “Orient Merger Scheme” has the meaning given to it in 
Clause 1.2 of Part I of the Scheme.
2.1.18.  “Penna Cement Merger Scheme” has the meaning given to it in Clause 1.2 of Part I of the Scheme.
2.1.23.  “Sanghi Merger Scheme” has the meaning given to it in Clause 1.2 of Part I of the Scheme.
2.1.33.  “Undertaking” means the Amalgamating Company and includes all of the business, undertakings, assets, properties, investments, rights, approvals, licenses and powers,  
leasehold rights and all its debts, outstanding, liabilities,  
duties and obligations of the Amalgamating Company, of whatsoever nature and kind and wherever situated, on a going concern basis and with continuity of business of the Amalgamating Company, which shall mean and in clude, 
without limitation:adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
24
ACC Limited
 (a) any and all of its immo vable properties (including  
work-in-progress) and rights thereto i.e. land together 
with the buildings and structures standing thereon (whether, freehold, leasehold, leave and licensed, right of way, tenancies, sanctioned/allotted by the Governmental Authority or otherwise) including drains and culverts, civil works, foundations for civil works, offices, guest house, colony, captive power plant, warehouses, workshops, sheds, stores, storages including coal storage, silo, DG room, roads, laboratory, boundary walls, soil filling works, benefits of any rental agreement for any use of premises, share of any joint assets, etc., and all documents (including panchnamas, declarations, receipts, sanction letters/orders, etc.) of title, rights and easements in relation thereto and all rights, covenants, continuing rights, title and interests, benefits and interests of rental agreements for lease or license or other rights to use of premises, in connection with the said immovable properties;
 (b) all the mines, including applic ations for mining leases, 
with all necessary licenses, approvals, clearances, all mine infrastructures standing on the mining lease land and surface rights, all letters of intent, composite licenses, whether already granted or for which applications are pending as on the Effective Date, including any arrangement/understanding to ensure uninterrupted supply of mineral and/or right granted to use mineral from any other source;
 (c) any and all of its assets (including work-in-progress), 
as are movable in nature, whether present or future or contingent, tangible or intangible, in possession or reversion, corporeal or incorporeal (including plant and machinery, boilers, turbines, handling equipment including coal handling equipment, dumpers, excavators, shovel, surface miners, cranes, capital  
work-in-progress, electrical fittings, air conditioners, furniture, fixtures, appliances, accessories, power lines, office equipments, computers, communication facilities, installations, vehicles, inventory and tools and plants), stock-in-trade, stores and spares, stock-in-transit, raw materials, finished goods, supplies, packaging items/materials, actionable claims, prepaid expenses, bills of exchange, promissory notes, current assets, earnest monies and receivables, sundry debtors, financial assets, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, provisions, receivables, funds, cash and bank balances and deposits including accrued interest thereto with Governmental Authority, semi-Government, local and other authorities and bodies, banks, customers and other persons, dividends declared or interest accrued thereon, reserves, provisions, funds, insurances, the benefits of any bank guarantees, performance guarantees and letters of credit;
 (d) any and all of its p ermits, licenses (including factory 
license), mineral mining leases and/or rights (in present or arising in future) including any arrangement(s)/understanding(s) between Amalgamating Company with a Government or private entity(ies) for securing mineral rights or mineral to use in its cement plants, permissions (including working permissions), right of way, approvals, authorisations, clearances, consents, benefits, registrations including import registrations, rights, entitlements, credits, certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no objection certificates, exemptions, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, concessions, utilisations, subsidies, liberties and advantages (including consent/authorisation granted by Pollution Control Board, environmental clearance and other licenses/permits granted/issued/given by any Governmental Authority, statutory or regulatory or local or administrative bodies) and other benefits (in each case including the benefit of any applications made for the same), approval for commissioning of project(s) and other licenses or clearances granted for the purpose of carrying on the existing business or in connection therewith including those relating to privileges, powers, facilities of every kind and description of whatsoever nature and the benefits thereto that form part of the Amalgamating Company;
 (e) any and all of its Tax related assets, Tax deferrals, Tax 
credits (including any credits arising from advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, other income Tax credits, withholding Tax credits, minimum alternate Tax credits, central value added Tax credits, goods and services Tax credits, customs duty credit other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables), other claims under Tax Laws, privileges, incentives (including incentives in respect of income Tax, sales Tax, value added Tax, service Tax, excise duty, customs duties and goods and services Tax), benefits, Tax holidays, Tax refunds (including those pending with any Tax authorities), all Tax assets both direct and indirect including refunds filed pending to be adjudicated and refunds to be filed, advantages, benefits and all other rights, privileges, powers and facilities of every kind and description of whatsoever nature and the benefits thereto;
 (f) all c ontracts, agreements including power purchase 
agreement(s) and/or arrangements to procure power for captive consumption of the Amalgamating Company, coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, benefit of any arrangements, allotments, approvals, authorities, registrations, exemptions, benefits, waivers, security and other agreements, engagements, memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, tariff policies, expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, indemnity, guarantees, powers of attorney, authorities given by, issued to, or executed in favour of the Amalgamating Company, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/license agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
25
arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, 
concession agreements, insurance covers and claims, clearances and other instruments of whatsoever nature and description, whether vested or potential and written, oral or otherwise and all rights, title, interests, claims and benefits thereunder;
 (g) all intangible assets, including all Int ellectual Property 
Rights and all goodwill attached to such Intellectual Property Rights;
 (h) all rights to use , subscribe, avail telephones, facsimile, 
e-mail, internet, leased line connections and installations, utilities, electricity and other services, reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other interests held in trusts, registrations, contracts, engagements, arrangements of all kind, privileges and all other rights, easements, liberties and advantages of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging to or in the ownership, power or possession and in control of or vested in or granted in favour of or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company and all other interests of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power, possession or control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company;
 (i) all bo oks, records, files, papers, engineering and 
process information, software licenses (whether proprietary or otherwise), test reports, computer programmes, drawings, manuals, data, databases including databases for procurement, commercial and management, catalogues, brochures, pamphlets, quotations, sales and advertising materials, product registrations, dossiers, product master cards, lists of present and former customers and suppliers including service providers, other customer information, customer credit information, customer/supplier pricing information, and all other books and records, whether in physical or electronic form and all other interest of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power or possession and in the control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company;
 (j) all insuranc e policies of the Amalgamating Company;
 (k) all inv estments, including long term, short term, quoted, 
unquoted investments in different instruments, including shares, debentures, warrants and bonds, if any;
 (l) amounts claimed or t o be claimed including the 
receivables by the Amalgamating Company from any Governmental Authority;
 (m)  all application monies , advance monies, earnest monies 
and security and other deposits paid to any person, including any Governmental Authority, and payments against other entitlements;
 (n) any and all of its Liabilities;
 (o) all of its staff and employees, and other obligations 
of whatsoever kind, including liabilities of the Amalgamating Company, with regard to its staff and employees, with respect to the payment of gratuity, superannuation, pension benefits and provident fund or other compensation or benefits, if any, whether in the event of resignation, death, retirement, retrenchment or otherwise as on the Effective Date; and
 (p) all suits, ac tions, legal or other proceedings, including 
quasi-judicial, arbitral and other administrative proceedings of whatsoever nature, involving or continued or to be enforced by or against the Amalgamating Company.
2.1.34.“Valuation Report” means the joint valuation report issued 
by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuers, dated December 22, 2025, in relation to the valuations of the Amalgamating Company and Amalgamated Company, for the purposes of determining the Share Exchange Ratio.
PART III
3. Amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company into and 
with the Amalgamated Company
3.1.  Transfer and vesting
3.1.1.  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, subject to the provisions of this Scheme, the Amalgamating Company along with all its estates, properties, assets, contracts, employees, records, approvals, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest, etc., i.e., the Undertaking shall stand transferred to and vest in and/or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company, as a going concern, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the estate, properties, assets, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest of the Amalgamated Company by virtue of and in the manner provided in the Scheme pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and the provisions of sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
3.1.2.  Without prejudice to the generality of the above and to the 
extent applicable, unless otherwise stated herein, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, in relation to the Undertaking:
Transfer of Assets
(i) All assets o f the Amalgamating Company that are movable 
in nature or incorporeal property or are otherwise capable of 
transfer by physical or constructive delivery, novation and/or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and recordal of whatsoever nature, or otherwise capable of transfer by delivery of possession or by operation of Law pursuant to this Scheme, shall, pursuant to this Scheme, stand transferred to and vested in and/or be deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company and shall become the property and an integral part of the Amalgamated Company, with effect on and from the Appointed Date pursuant to the provisions of the Act, all other applicable provisions of applicable Law, if any, without any further act, instrument or deed. The vesting pursuant to this sub-clause shall be deemed to have occurred by physical or constructive delivery or by endorsement and delivery or by adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
26
ACC Limited
vesting and recordal, pursuant to this S cheme, as appropriate 
to the property being vested and title to the property shall be 
deemed to have been transferred accordingly.
(ii) All other movable assets of the Amalgamating Company, 
including investments in shares and any other securities, contingent assets, sundry debtors, actionable claims, earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, bank balances and deposits, with Governmental Authorities, customers and other persons, shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, stand transferred to, and vested in the Amalgamated Company without any notice or other intimation to the debtors or obligors or any other person. The Amalgamated Company shall upon sanction of the Scheme be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title of such movable property in this regard. The Amalgamated Company may (without being obliged to do so), if it so deems appropriate, give notice in such form as it deems fit and proper, to each such debtor or obligor or any other person, that pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal, such debt, loan, advance, claim, bank balance, deposit or other asset be paid or made good or held on account of the Amalgamated Company as the person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Amalgamating Company to recover or realise all such debts (including the debts payable by such debtor or obligor or any other person to the Amalgamating Company) stands transferred and assigned to the Amalgamated Company and that appropriate entries should be passed in the books of accounts of the relevant debtors or obligors or other persons to record such change.
(iv) All lease and license agreements entered into by the 
Amalgamating Company with landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use of the assets of the Undertaking including mining leases and any arrangement(s) between the Amalgamating Company with a government or private entity(ies) for securing mineral rights or mineral to use in its cement plants, together with security deposits and advance/prepaid lease/license fee, rights and easements in relation to such properties, shall stand automatically transferred in favour of the Amalgamated Company on the same terms and conditions, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. The Amalgamated Company shall continue to pay rent amounts/license fees/royalty as provided for in such agreements and shall comply with the other terms, conditions and covenants thereunder and shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits/prepaid lease/license fee paid under such agreements by the Amalgamating Company.
(v) All immov able properties, estate, assets of the Amalgamating 
Company, including land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon or embedded to the land and rights, claim, title, authorities and interests in immovable properties including accretions and appurtenances of the Undertaking of whatsoever nature and wherever situate of the Amalgamating Company, whether freehold or leasehold or sanctioned/allotted by any Governmental Authority or otherwise, all tenancies, and all documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed to have been vested in the Amalgamated Company, without any further act or deed done or being required to be done by the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company and the mere filing thereof with the appropriate registrar or sub-registrar or with the relevant Governmental Authority shall suffice as record of continuing titles with the Amalgamated Company and shall be constituted as a deemed mutation and substitution thereof. The Amalgamated Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to such immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the ground rent, rates and Taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the immovable properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly recorded in the name of the Amalgamated Company by the appropriate authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof. The appropriate authorities shall grant all clearances/permissions, if any, required for enabling the Amalgamated Company to absolutely own and enjoy the immovable properties in accordance with applicable Law. The Amalgamated Company shall upon the Scheme becoming effective be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title to such immovable property in this regard, which are in possession of the Amalgamating Company. It is clarified that any document executed pursuant to this Clause 3.1.2(v) or Clause 3.1.2(iv) or Clause 3.1.2(viii) of Part III will be for the limited purpose of meeting the regulatory requirements and shall not be deemed to be a document under which the transfer of any asset of the Amalgamating Company takes place and all assets of the Amalgamating Company shall be transferred solely pursuant to and in terms of this Scheme and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning the Scheme.
(vi) All estate , assets, rights, title, claims, interest, investments and 
properties of the Amalgamating Company as on the Appointed Date, including accretions and appurtenances, whether or not included in the books of the Amalgamating Company, and all assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties, of whatsoever nature and wherever situate, which is acquired by the Amalgamating Company on or after the Appointed Date but prior to the Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall become the assets and properties of the Amalgamated Company.
Transfer of Liabilities
(xv)  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, all secured and 
unsecured Liabilities howsoever arising to the extent they are outstanding as on the Effective Date, shall, pursuant to the provisions of the Act and all other applicable provisions of Laws, be deemed to be the Liabilities of every kind, nature and description of the Amalgamated Company on the same terms and conditions as was applicable to the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company undertakes to meet, discharge and satisfy the same in terms of their terms and conditions, if any. It is hereby clarified that it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or any other person who is a party to any contract or arrangement by virtue adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
27
of which such Liabilities have arisen, in order to give effect to 
the provisions of this Clause.
(xvi)  It is clarified that all Liabilities incurred or undertaken by the 
Amalgamating Company after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date shall also be deemed to have been incurred or undertaken for and on behalf of the Amalgamated Company and, to the extent they are outstanding on the Effective Date, shall, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, pursuant to the provisions of the Act and all other applicable provisions of Law, without any further act, instrument or deed shall stand transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company on the same terms and conditions as was applicable to the Amalgamating Company and shall become the Liabilities of the Amalgamated Company which shall meet, discharge and satisfy the same.
(xvii)  Where any Liabilities incurred before the Appointed Date by the 
Amalgamating Company, deemed to have been transferred to the Amalgamated Company by virtue of this Scheme, has been discharged by the Amalgamating Company after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to have been for and on account of the Amalgamated Company.
Transfer of Encumbrances
(xix)  The transfer and vesting of movable and immovable properties 
as stated above, shall be subject to Encumbrances, if any, affecting the same.
(xx)  All Encumbranc es, if any, existing prior to the Effective Date 
over the assets of the Amalgamating Company which secure or relate to any liability, shall, after the Effective Date, without any further act, instrument or deed, continue to be related and attached to such assets or any part thereof to which they related or were attached prior to the Effective Date and as are transferred to the Amalgamated Company. Provided that if any of the assets of the Amalgamating Company has not been Encumbered in respect of the liabilities, such assets shall remain unencumbered and the existing Encumbrance referred to above shall not be extended to and shall not operate over such assets. Further, such Encumbrances shall not relate or attach to any of the other assets of the Amalgamated Company.  
The absence of any formal amendment which may be required by a lender or trustee or any third party shall not affect the operation of the foregoing provisions of this Scheme.
(xxi)  The existing Encumbrances over the other assets and properties 
of the Amalgamated Company or any part thereof which relate to the liabilities and obligations of the Amalgamated Company prior to the Effective Date shall continue to relate to such assets and properties and shall not extend to or attach to any of the assets and properties of the Amalgamating Company transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company by virtue of the Scheme.
(xxii)  Any reference in any security documents or arrangements 
(to which the Amalgamating Company is a party) to the Amalgamating Company and its assets and properties,  
shall be construed as a reference to the Amalgamated Company and the assets and properties of the Amalgamating Company tr ansferred to the Amalgamated Company by  
virtue of this Scheme. Without prejudice to the foregoing 
provisions, the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company may execute any instruments or documents or do all the acts and deeds as may be considered appropriate, including the filing of necessary particulars and/or modification(s) of charge(s) with the RoC to give formal effect to the above provisions, if required.
Transfer of Permits
(xxiii)  All Governmental Approvals and other consents, allotments, 
concessions, credits, awards, sanctions, subsidies, rehabilitation schemes, permissions, quotas, rights, authorisations, entitlements, no-objection certificates and licenses, including those relating to tenancies, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, tenders, privileges, powers, facilities, letter of allotments and certificates of every kind and description of whatsoever nature, to which the Amalgamating Company is a party or to the benefit of which the Amalgamating Company may be entitled to use or which may be required to carry on the operations of the Amalgamating Company, and which are subsisting or in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, including the benefits of any applications made for any of the foregoing, shall be, and remain, in full force and effect in favour of or against the Amalgamated Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Amalgamating Company, the Amalgamated Company had been a party, a beneficiary or an obligee thereto and shall be appropriately mutated by the relevant Governmental Authorities in favour of the Amalgamated Company. It is hereby clarified that if the consent of any third party or Governmental Authority is required to give effect to the provisions of this Clause, the said third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record the necessary substitution/ endorsement in the name of the Amalgamated Company pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, and upon this Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the terms hereof. For this purpose, the Amalgamated Company shall file appropriate applications/ documents with relevant authorities concerned for information and record purposes.
Transfer of Contracts, Deeds, etc.
(xxvi)  All contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements (including power 
purchase agreement(s), coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts), memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, letters of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, indemnity, guarantees, powers of attorney, authorities given by, issued to, or executed in favour of the Amalgamating Company, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/license agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/
manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
28
ACC Limited
undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, whether written or 
otherwise, and other instruments to which the Amalgamating Company is a party, or to the benefit of which the Amalgamating Company may be entitled, and which are subsisting or having effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, continue in full force and effect against or in favour of, as the case may be, the Amalgamated Company, and may be enforced effectively by or against the Amalgamated Company as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Amalgamating Company, the Amalgamated Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligor or obligee thereto or thereunder. The Amalgamated Company will, if required, enter into novation agreements in relation to such contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements and other instruments.
Transfer of Legal and Other Proceedings
(xxix)  All suits, ac tions, legal or other proceedings, including quasi-
judicial, arbitral and other administrative proceedings, of whatsoever nature by or against the Amalgamating Company pending on the Effective Date shall not abate or be discontinued or be prejudicially affected in any way by reason of the Scheme or by anything contained in the Scheme but shall be continued, prosecuted and enforced, as the case may be, by or against the Amalgamated Company, in the same manner and to the same extent as they would or might have been continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Amalgamating Company.
Transfer of Employees
(xxxiii)  With effect from the Effective Date, all the staff and 
employees of the Amalgamating Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Amalgamated Company, and, subject to the provisions of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favourable than those on which they are engaged by the Amalgamating Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking to the Amalgamated Company. With regard to provident fund, gratuity, superannuation, leave encashment and any other special scheme or benefits or funds or trusts, if any, created by the Amalgamating Company which exist immediately prior to the Effective Date, the Amalgamated Company shall, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, stand substituted for the Amalgamating Company for all purposes whatsoever, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, including with regard to the obligation to make contributions to relevant authorities, such as the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner or to such other funds maintained by the Amalgamating Company, in accordance with applicable Law. It is hereby clarified that upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, such benefits and schemes shall continue to be provided to the transferred employees and the service of all transferred employees of the Amalgamating Company for such purpose shall be treated as having been continuous.
(xxxiv)  With regard to any provident fund, gratuity fund, pension, 
superannuation fund or other special fund created or existing for the benefit of such employees of the Amalgamating Company, it is the aim and intent of the Scheme that all the rights, duties, powers and obligations of the Amalgamating Company in relation to such schemes or funds shall become those of the Amalgamated Company. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Amalgamated Company shall stand substituted for the Amalgamating Company for all purposes whatsoever relating to the obligation to make contributions to the said funds in accordance with the provisions of such schemes or funds in the respective trust deeds or other documents. Any existing provident fund, gratuity fund and superannuation fund trusts created by the Amalgamating Company for its employees shall be continued for the benefit of such employees on the same terms and conditions until such time that they are transferred to the relevant funds of the Amalgamated Company. It is clarified that the services of all employees of the Amalgamating Company transferred to the Amalgamated Company will be treated as having been continuous and uninterrupted for the purpose of the aforesaid schemes or funds. Without prejudice to the aforesaid, the Board of the Amalgamated Company, if it deems fit and subject to Law, shall be entitled to: (i) retain separate trusts or funds within the Amalgamated Company for the erstwhile fund(s) of the Amalgamating Company; or (ii) merge the pre-existing fund of the Amalgamating Company with other similar funds of the Amalgamated Company.
(xxxv)  The Amalgamated Company shall comply with any 
agreement(s)/settlement(s) entered into with labour unions/association (if any) or employees by the Amalgamating Company, till their respective validity periods. The Amalgamated Company agrees that for the purpose of payment of any retrenchment compensation, gratuity and other termination benefits, the past services of employees with the Amalgamating Company, shall also be taken into account, and further agrees to pay such benefits when they become due.
(xxxvi)  In relation to any funds (including any funds set up by the 
government for employee benefits) created or existing for the benefit of the transferred employees, the Amalgamated Company shall stand substituted for the Amalgamating Company, for all purposes whatsoever, including relating to the obligation to make contributions to the said funds in accordance with the provisions of such scheme, funds, bye laws, etc. in respect of such transferred employees.
Transfer of Intellectual Property
(xxxviii) All Intellectual Property Rights including goodwill of the 
Amalgamating Company shall stand transferred to and 
vested in the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamated Company shall be entitled to all Intellectual Property Rights of the Amalgamating Company. Any filings and/or intimations, if required in terms of applicable Law, shall be undertaken with the relevant Governmental Authority, in order to reflect the foregoing by the Companies.
Inter se Transactions
(xxxix)  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, all inter se contracts and inter-adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
29
corporate deposits, loans, advances and other obligations 
(including any guarantees, letters of credit, letters of comfort or any other instrument or arrangement which may give rise to a contingent liability in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any time in future become due between the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company, shall, ipso facto, stand discharged and cancelled, cease to operate and come to an end and there shall be no liability in that behalf on any party and appropriate effect shall be given to such cancellation and cessation in the books of accounts and records of the Amalgamated Company. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that in view of the above, there will be no accrual of income or expense on account of any transactions, including inter alia any transactions in the nature of sale or transfer of any goods, materials or services, between the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that with effect from the Effective Date, there will be no accrual of interest or other charges in respect of any inter se loans, deposits or balances between the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company.
(xl) all inter -party transactions between the Amalgamating 
Company and the Amalgamated Company shall be considered as intra-party transactions for all purposes.
Validity of Existing Borrowing Limits, Corporate Approvals
(xli)  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, the borrowing and investment limits of the Amalgamated Company under the Act shall be deemed without any further act or deed to have been enhanced by the borrowing and investment limits of the Amalgamating Company, such limits being incremental to the existing limits of the Amalgamated Company.
(xlii)  Any corporate approvals obtained by the Amalgamating 
Company, including the corporate approvals obtained by the Amalgamating Company in respect of its subsidiaries/associate company(ies)/joint venture company(ies), whether for purposes of compliance or otherwise, including without limitation approvals under Sections 42, 62, 179, 180, 185, 186, 188, etc. of the Act, read with the rules and regulations made thereunder and SEBI LODR Regulations, shall stand transferred to the Amalgamated Company and such corporate approvals and compliance shall be deemed to have been obtained and complied with by the Amalgamated Company.
Taxes
(xliii)  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, all Taxes payable by, or refundable to, the Amalgamating Company, including any refunds, claims or credits (including credits for income Tax, withholding Tax, advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, minimum alternate Tax, central value added Tax credit, goods and services Tax credits, other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables) shall be treated as the Tax liability, refunds, claims, or credits, as the case may be, of the Amalgamated Company, and any Tax incentives, benefits (including claims for unabsorbed Tax losses and unabsorbed Tax depreciation), advantages, privileges, exemptions, credits, Tax holidays, remissions or reductions, which would have been available to the Amalgamating Company, shall be available to the Amalgamated Company, and following the Effective Date, the Amalgamated Company shall be entitled to initiate, raise, add or modify any claims in relation to such Taxes on behalf of the Amalgamating Company.
3.3.  Consideration
3.3.1.  Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and in consideration of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking in the Amalgamated Company:
 (i) the equit y shares of the Amalgamating Company and 
which are held by the Amalgamated Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished and in lieu thereof, there shall be no allotment of any equity shares in the Amalgamated Company; and
 (ii) the Amalgamat ed Company shall, without any further 
application, act or deed, issue and allot New Equity Shares, in the Share Exchange Ratio on basis of the Valuation Report, to the equity shareholder(s) of the Amalgamating Company (other than the equity shareholder mentioned in sub-clause (i) above) whose names are recorded in the register of members as a member of the Amalgamating Company including register and index of beneficial owners maintained by a depository under Section 11 of the Depositories Act, 1996, on the Record Date (or to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives or other successors in title as may be recognized by  
the Board of the Amalgamated Company) in the following manner and subject to the issuance mechanism set out below:
  328 (T hree Hundred and Twenty Eight) Amalgamated 
Company Shares, credited as fully paid-up, for every  
100 (One Hundred) equity shares of the face value of  
` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each fully paid-up, held by such equity shareholder in the Amalgamating Company (“Share Exchange Ratio”).
  The A malgamated Company Shares to be issued by 
the Amalgamated Company to the shareholders of Amalgamating Company in accordance with this  
Clause 3.3.1 (ii) shall be hereinafter referred to as  
“New Equity Shares”.
3.4.  Accounting Treatment
 Accounting Treatment in the books of the Amalgamated Company
 Notwithstanding anything else contained in any other clause 
of the Scheme, the Amalgamated Company shall account for the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company in its books of accounts in accordance with Pooling of Interest Method of accounting as laid down in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) 103 (Business Combinations of entities under common control) notified under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be amended from time to time, such that:adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
30
ACC Limited
3.4.1.  The Amalgamated Company shall record all the assets 
and liabilities (except investment in subsidiaries , associate 
companies and joint venture companies) of the Amalgamating 
Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at the carrying values as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamated Company.
3.4.2.  The identity of the reserves of the Amalgamating Company 
shall be preserved and the Amalgamated Company shall record the reserves of the Amalgamating Company in the same form and at the carrying amount as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of Amalgamated Company.
3.4.3.  The Amalgamated Company shall recognise investments in the 
subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint venture companies, if any, held by the Amalgamating Company, vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, in accordance with applicable Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.
3.4.4.  Pursuant to the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company 
with the Amalgamated Company, the inter-company balances between the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating Company, if any, appearing in the books of the Amalgamated Company shall stand cancelled and there shall be no further obligation in that behalf.
3.4.5.  The value of investments held by the Amalgamated Company 
in the Amalgamating Company shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation.
3.4.6.  The consideration transferred by the Amalgamated Company 
to the shareholders of the Amalgamating Company, as prescribed in Clause 3.3.1 of this Scheme, shall be recognised at nominal /face value and credited to the Equity Share Capital.
3.4.7.  The surplus, if any arising after taking the effect of Clauses 3.4.1, 
3.4.2, 3.4.3, 3.4.5, and 3.4.6, after giving effect to adjustment of Clause 3.4.4 shall be transferred to “Capital Reserve” in the financial statements of the Amalgamated Company and should be presented separately from other Capital Reserves. The deficit, if any, arising after taking the effect of Clauses 3.4.1, 3.4.2, 3.4.3, 3.4.5 and 3.4.6 after giving effect to adjustment of Clause 3.4.4 above and adjustment of previously existing credit balance in capital reserve, if any, shall be debited to the Retained Earnings in the financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. The balance of this account shall be presented as part of reserves and a note explaining the nature shall be given in the financial statements of the Amalgamated Company.
3.4.8.  In case of any differences in accounting policies between the 
Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company, the accounting policies followed by the Amalgamated Company shall prevail to ensure that the financial statements reflect the financial position based on consistent accounting policies.
3.4.9.  Comparative financial information in the standalone financial 
statements of the Amalgamated Company shall be restated for the accounting impact of merger, as stated above, as if the merger had occurred from the beginning of the comparative period presented.
3.4.10.  For accounting purposes, the Scheme will be given effect when 
all substantial conditions for the transfer of the Amalgamating 
Company are completed.3.4.11.  Any matter not dealt with in Clauses hereinabove shall be dealt 
with in accordance with the requirement of applicable Ind AS.
Accounting Treatment in the books of the Amalgamating Company
3.4.12.  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Amalgamating 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up and all the assets and liabilities as well as reserves shall be transferred to the Amalgamated Company, on a going concern basis. Hence there is no accounting treatment prescribed under this Scheme in the books of the Amalgamating Company.
3.5.  Dissolution of the Amalgamating Company
3.5.1.  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Amalgamating 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up, without any further act or deed.
3.5.2.  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the name of the 
Amalgamating Company shall be struck off from the records of the RoC. The Amalgamated Company shall make all necessary filings in this regard. The Amalgamated Company shall maintain the books and records of the Amalgamating Company, in terms of the provisions of Section 239 of the Act.
3.6.  Reorganisation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Amalgamating Company
3.6.1.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and as an integral part of the Scheme, the authorised share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall be reclassified/reorganised such that each equity share of  
` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each of the Amalgamating Company shall stand reclassified/reorganised as 5 (Five) equity shares of ` 2/- (Rupees Two only) each.
3.7.  Consolidation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Amalgamating Company with the Authorised Share Capital of the Amalgamated Company
3.7.1.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company as set out in Clause 3.6 above, the resultant authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company and that the authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company shall automatically stand increased to that effect upon filing the requisite forms with the RoC and no separate procedure or instrument or deed shall be required to be followed under the Act. In accordance with Section 232(3)(i) of the Act, the fees or stamp duty, if any, paid by the Amalgamating Company on its authorized share capital shall be deemed to have been so paid by the Amalgamated Company on the combined authorized share capital, and the Amalgamated Company shall not be required to pay any fee/stamp duty for the increase of the authorized share capital.
3.7.2.  Clause V . of the memorandum of association of the 
Amalgamated Company (relating to the authorised share capital) shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, and adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
31
without any further act, instrument or deed, be altered, 
modified and amended pursuant to sections 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
3.7.3.  For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that, in case, the 
authorised share capital of the Amalgamated Company undergoes any change, either as a consequence of Sanghi Merger Scheme and/or the Penna Cement Merger Scheme and/or the Orient Merger Scheme and/or any corporate actions or otherwise, then Clauses 3.7.1 and 3.7.2 shall automatically stand increased/modified/adjusted to take into account the effect of such change.
PART IV
4. GENERAL TERMS AND C ONDITIONS
4.3.  Scheme conditional upon approvals/sanctions
 Unless otherwise decided ( or waived) by the Companies, the 
effectiveness of the Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to the fulfilment or waiver (to the extent permitted under applicable Law) of the following conditions precedent:
 (a) the requisit e Stock Exchanges Approval having been 
obtained by the Companies in relation to the Scheme, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Companies, each acting reasonably and in good faith;
 (b) the Scheme b eing approved by the requisite majority 
of public shareholders of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company (by way of e-voting), respectively, as required under the SEBI Schemes Master Circular;
 (c) the Scheme b eing approved by the respective requisite 
majorities of the classes of members and creditors (where applicable) of the Companies in accordance with the Act or dispensation having been received from the Tribunal in relation to obtaining such approval from the shareholders and/or creditors or any Law permitting the respective Companies not to convene the meetings of its shareholders and/or creditors;
 (d) the Scheme b eing confirmed/approved by the 
Tribunal, either on terms as originally approved by the Companies, or subject to such modifications approved by the Tribunal, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Companies, each acting reasonably and in good faith; and
 (e) cer tified copies of the confirmation orders of the Tribunal 
confirming/sanctioning the Scheme being filed with the RoC by the respective Companies. ”
Y ou are requested to read the entire text of the Scheme (enclosed at Annexure 1) to get fully acquainted with the provisions thereof. The aforesaid are only some of the salient extracts thereof.
Accounting treatment
48. The Statutory Auditors of the Amalgamating Company 
have issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting 
treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Amalgamating Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.
49. The Statutory Auditors of the Amalgamated Company 
have issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Amalgamated Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.
Effect of the Scheme on various parties
50. The effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Amalgamating Company, in terms of Rule 6(3)(vi) and (vii) of the Rules would be as follows:
 (a) Shareholders (promot er and non-promoter)
  Upon the S cheme becoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company (other than the Amalgamated Company to the extent of the equity shares held by it in the Amalgamating Company) shall become the equity shareholders of the Amalgamated Company in the manner stipulated in clause 3.3 of the Scheme. The equity shares of the Amalgamating Company held by the Amalgamated Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished.
  Fur ther, under the Scheme, the authorized share 
capital of the Amalgamating Company, shall stand reogranised/reclassified such that each 1 (One) equity share of ` 10/- (Rupee Ten only) each of the 
Amalgamating Company shall stand reclassified/reorganised as 5 (five) equity shares of ` 2/- (Rupees Two 
only) each as stipulated in Clause 3.6 of the Scheme. Pursuant to such reclassification/reorganization of the resultant authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company as set out in Clause 3.6 of the Scheme, the resultant authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company in the manner as stipulated in Clause 3.7 of the Scheme.
  Th us, under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to be 
entered into between the Amalgamating Company and its equity shareholders.
 (b) Creditors
  The S cheme does not contemplate any arrangement 
with the creditors of the Amalgamating Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Amalgamating Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Amalgamating Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished.  
The interest of the creditors of the Amalgamating Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Fur ther, as on date, the Amalgamating Company has adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
32
ACC Limited
no secured creditors and therefore, the question of any 
effect of the Scheme on any secured creditors does not arise.
  As on dat e, the Amalgamating Company has no 
outstanding debentures and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holders or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.
  As on dat e, the Amalgamating Company has no 
outstanding public deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (c) Employ ees, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  As stat ed in clause 3.1.2(xxxiii) and with effect from 
the Effective Date, all the staff and employees of the Amalgamating Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Amalgamated Company, and, subject to the provisions of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favourable than those on which they are engaged by the Amalgamating Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking to the Amalgamated Company. In these circumstances, the rights of the staff  and employees of the Amalgamating Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Upon the S cheme becoming effective, the Amalgamating 
Company shall stand dissolved without being  
wound up. In these circumstances, the directors and  
key managerial personnel of the Amalgamating Company shall cease to be the directors and  
key managerial personnel of the Amalgamating Company.
  None of the direc tors and key managerial personnel  
(as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Amalgamating Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that one of the directors, namely, Mr. Vinod Bahety, who is the common director in the Amalgamated Company and/or to the extent that one of the key managerial personnel, namely, Mr. Rohit Soni, who is the key managerial personnel in the Amalgamated Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Amalgamating Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent. of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company.
51. The effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Amalgamated Company, in terms of Rule 6(3)(vi) and  
(vii) of the Rules, would be as follows:
 (a) Shareholders (promoter and non-promoter)
  Upon the S cheme becoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company (other than the Amalgamated Company to the extent of the equity shares held by it in the Amalgamating Company) shall become the equity shareholders of the Amalgamated Company in the manner stipulated in clause 3.3 of the Scheme. The equity shares of the Amalgamating Company held by the Amalgamated Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished.
  Pursu ant to reclassification/reorganization of the 
authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company as set out in Clause 3.6 of the Scheme, the resultant authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company in the manner as stipulated in Clause 3.7 of the Scheme.
  Th us, under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to be 
entered into between the Amalgamated Company and its equity shareholders.
 (b) Creditors
  The S cheme does not contemplate any arrangement 
with the creditors of the Amalgamated Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Amalgamated Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Amalgamated Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished. The interest of the creditors of the Amalgamated Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Fur ther, as on date, the Amalgamated Company has 
no secured creditors and therefore, the question of any effect of the Scheme on any secured creditors does not arise.
  As on date, the Amalgamated Company has no 
outstanding debentures and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holders or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.
  As on date, the Amalgamated Company has no 
outstanding public deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (c) Employ ees, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  Under the Scheme , no rights of the staff and employees 
of the Amalgamated Company are being affected. The services of the staff and employees of the Amalgamated adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
33
Company shall continue on the same terms and 
conditions on which they were engaged by the Amalgamated Company.
  None of the direc tors and key managerial personnel (as 
defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Amalgamated Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules  
framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that one of the directors of the Amalgamated Company, namely, Mr. Vinod Bahety, is the common director in the Amalgamating Company and/or to the extent that one of the key managerial personnel of the Amalgamated Company, namely, Mr. Rohit Soni, is the key managerial personnel in the Amalgamating Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Amalgamated Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company and/or the Amalgamated Company.
52. In compliance with the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of 
the Act, the Board of Directors of the Companies, in their respective meetings, both held on December 22, 2025, have adopted a report, inter alia, explaining the effect of the 
Scheme on its shareholders, creditors and key managerial personnel, amongst others. Copy of the Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company are enclosed as Annexure 15 and Annexure 16, respectively.
Other matters
53. No inv estigation proceedings have been instituted or are 
pending in relation to the Companies under Chapter XIV of the Act or the corresponding provisions of Sections 235 to 251 of the Companies Act, 1956.
54. To the knowledge of the Companies, no winding up 
proceedings have been filed or are pending against the Companies under the Act or under the corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956.55. No proc eedings are pending under the Act or under the 
corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 against the Companies.
56. To the knowledge of the Amalgamating Company, 
an application under Section 9 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, has been filed by one  
M/s Kothamangalam Aggregates Prestressed Concrete Industries against the Amalgamating Company for alleged default of ` 1,90,80,600 on the part of the Amalgamating Company.  The Amalgamating Company has filed its written submissions, inter alia, in respect of the maintainability 
of the said petition. By order dated July 31, 2026, Hon’ble NCLT has reserved the Order on maintainability of the petition. To the knowledge of the Amalgamated Company, no insolvency proceedings have been filed or are pending against the Amalgamated Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
57. There is no debt restructuring being undertaken pursuant to 
this Scheme.
58. The joint Company Application, being C.A. (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 
2026 along with annexures thereto (which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company with the NCLT, on June 29, 2026. The hard copy whereof was filed with the NCLT on June 30, 2026.
59. The copy of the proposed Scheme has been filed by the 
Amalgamating Company on August 10, 2026 and by the Amalgamated Company on August 11, 2026 before the concerned Registrar of Companies, in Form GNL-1.
60. The Unaudited Financial Results of the Amalgamating 
Company and the Amalgamated Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, are enclosed as Annexure 17 and Annexure 18, respectively.
61. The documents submitted under the application made  
by the Amalgamating Company with NSE and BSE, respectively, under SEBI Schemes Master Circular, will be available on the website of the Amalgamating Company at www.acclimited.com, which would be deemed to have been incorporated in the present explanatory statement.
62. As per the books of accounts of (as on June 30, 2026) the 
Amalgamating Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is ` 5,175 Crore.
63. As per the books of accounts of (as on June 30, 2026) the 
Amalgamated Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is ` 13,281 Crore.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
34
ACC Limited
64. The name and address of the promoters of the Amalgamating Company, including their shareholding in the Amalgamating 
Company as on June 30, 2026, is as under:
Sr.  
No.Name and Address of the Promoters / Promoter Group No. of Shares held in the 
Amalgamating Company% of holding
1. Ambuja Cements Limited
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishnav Devi Circle, S. G. 
Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421, Gujarat9,39,84,120 50.05
2. Holderind Investments Limited
C/o Rogers Capital Corporate Services Limited, 3rd Floor Rogers House, No. 5, 
President John Kennedy Street, Port Louis, Mauritius84,11,000 4.48
3. Endeavour Trade and Investment Limited6
th Floor, Tower 1, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius40,61,807 2.16
Total Promoters / Promoter Group 10,64,56,927 56.69
65. The name and address of the promoters of the Amalgamated Company, including their shareholding in the Amalgamated Company 
as on June 30, 2026, are as under:
Sr. 
No.Name and Address of the Promoters / Promoter Group No. of Shares held in the 
Amalgamated Company% of holding
1. Holderind Investments Ltd.C/o Rogers Capital Corporate Services Limited, 3
rd Floor Rogers House, No. 5, 
President John Kennedy Street, Port Louis, Mauritius1,18,52,00,361 47.72
2. Endeavour Trade and Investment Limited6
th Floor, Tower 1, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius7,02,442 0.03
3. Harmonia Trade and Investment Limited6
th Floor, Tower 1, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius47,74,78,249 19.23
4. Adani Enterprises LimitedAdani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishnav Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421, Gujarat87,00,000 0.35
Total Promoter / Promoter Group 1,67,20,81,052 67.33
66. The names, designations, addresses and Director Identification Number (“ DIN”) of the directors of the Amalgamating Company as 
on June 30, 2026, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name and Designation Address DIN
1. Mr. Karan Adani, Chairman 
Non-Executive, Non–Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad- 380058, Gujarat03088095
2. Dr. Vinay Prakash Non-Executive, Non–Independent DirectorA-32, North Park Villa, Near Vaishnodevi Circle, Adani Shantigram, VTC : Dantavli, PO: Jamiyatpura, Gandhinagar – 38242303634648
3. Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director and Chief Executive OfficerB1 – 1201, Waterlily Apartments, Adani Shantigram, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat.09192400
4. Mr. Nitin Shukla Non-Executive, Independent Director13, Basant Bahar, Bopal, Ahmedabad – 380058. 00041433
5. Mr. Sandeep Singhi Non-Executive, Independent DirectorB-1102, Sundervan Epitome, Opp Star India Bazar, Satellite Road, Ahmedabad – 380054.01211070
6. Mr. Rajeev Agarwal Non-Executive, Independent DirectorA 1503 Lotus Enpar Residency 45, Hanuman Lane,  Lower Parel West, Mumbai – 400013.07984221
7. Ms. Shruti Shah Non-Executive, Independent Director7/8 Jal Kiran, Co-op Hsg Soc Ltd, 2
nd Floor, Cuffe Parade, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400005.08337714adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
35
67. The names, designations, addresses and DIN of the directors of the Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 2026, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name and Designation Address DIN
1. Mr. Gautam S. Adani  
Chairman Non-Executive, Non–Independent Director.Shantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad – 38005800006273
2. Mr. Karan Adani Non-Executive, Non–Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad – 38005803088095
3. Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director and Chief Executive OfficerB1 – 1201, Waterlily Apartments, Adani Shantigram, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat.09192400
4. Mr. Maheswar Sahu Non-Executive, Independent DirectorA/302, Parijat Residency, Opp IOS Petrol Pump, Judges Bunglow, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad – 38005400034051
5. Mr. Rajnish Kumar Non-Executive, Independent DirectorF 202, Ambience Caitriona, Sector 24,  Gurgaon - 122010, Haryana05328267
6. Mrs. Purvi Sheth, Non-Executive, Independent Director3801, Floor -38, A-2 Tower, Sky Forest, Senapati Bapat Marg, Near lphinstone Railway Station,  Lower Parel, Mumbai, PO: Delisle Road,  Mumbai - 400013, Maharashtra06449636
7. Mr. Ameet Desai Non-Executive, Independent DirectorD-48 Aryaman Bungalow, Near Thaltej Shilaj Railway Crossing, Thaltej Ahmedabad - 380059, Gujarat00007116
8. Mr. Praveen Garg Non-Executive, Independent DirectorN-28, First Floor Greater Kailash-I South Delhi,  Delhi – 11004800208604
68. The details of the shareholding of the Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel (hereinafter referred to as the “ KMP”) of the 
Amalgamating Company in the Companies as on June 30, 2026, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Equity Shares 
Held in the 
Amalgamating 
CompanyEquity Shares Held 
in the 
Amalgamated 
Company
1. Mr. Karan Adani Chairman, Non-Executive, Non – Independent Director Nil Nil
2. Dr. Vinay Prakash Non-Executive, Non – Independent Director Nil Nil
3. Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director and Chief Executive Officer Nil Nil
4. Mr. Nitin Shukla Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
5. Mr. Sandeep Singhi Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
6. Mr. Rajeev Agarwal Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
7. Ms. Shruti Shah Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
8. Mr. Rohit Soni Chief Financial Officer 200 Nil
9. Mr. Bhavik Parikh Company Secretary Nil Nil
69. The details of the shareholding of the Directors and KMP of the Amalgamated Company in the Companies as on June 30, 2026,  
are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Equity Shares 
Held in the 
Amalgamating 
CompanyEquity Shares Held 
in the 
Amalgamated 
Company
1. Mr. Gautam S. Adani Chairman, Non-Executive, Non–Independent Director Nil Nil
2. Mr. Karan Adani Non-Executive, Non–Independent Director Nil Nil
3. Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director and Chief financial Officer Nil Nil
4. Mr. Maheswar Sahu Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil 2,000
5. Mr. Rajnish Kumar Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Niladani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
36
ACC Limited
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Equity Shares 
Held in the 
Amalgamating 
CompanyEquity Shares Held 
in the 
Amalgamated 
Company
6. Ms. Purvi Sheth Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
7. Mr. Ameet Desai Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
8. Mr. Praveen Garg Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
9. Mr. Rohit Soni Chief Financial Officer 200 Nil
10. Mr. Manish Mistry Company Secretary 1 1
70. The (a) pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 
2026; (b) the post-amalgamation shareholding pattern of the Amalgamated Company, upon the Scheme becoming effective and 
assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2026; and (c) capital structure of the Amalgamated Company upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2026, are as under:
 Amalgamating Company - pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2026:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 9,39,84,120 0 9,39,84,120 50.05
Sub Total (A)(1) 9,39,84,120 0 9,39,84,120 50.05
2 Foreign 1,24,72,807 0 1,24,72,807 6.64
Sub Total (A)(2) 1,24,72,807 0 1,24,72,807 6.64
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) = (A)(1) + (A)(2)10,64,56,927 0 10,64,56,927 56.69
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 1,49,12,176 21,490 1,49,33,666 7.95
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 15,786 0 15,786 0.00
(c) Banks 1,66,361 8,885 1,75,246 0.09
(d) Insurance Companies 2,45,43,317 0 2,45,43,317 13.07
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 0 0 0 0.00
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 0 0 0 0.00
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 2,695 0 2,695 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 3 3,020 3,023 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(1) 3,96,40,338 33,395 3,96,73,733 21.13
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I 1,07,57,428 0 1,07,57,428 5.73
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -II 1,93,137 0 1,93,137 0.10
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 1,600 1,600 0.00
(d) Foreign Bank 4,087 0 4,087 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(2) 1,09,54,652 1,600 1,09,56,252 5.83
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 0 2,31,340
2,31,340 0.12
(b) Shareholding by Companies or Bodies Corporate where Central / State Government is a promoter56,855 0 56,855 0.03
Sub-Total (B)(3) 56,855 2,31,340 2,88,195 0.15adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
37
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 200 0 200 0.00
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 15,43,205 0 15,43,205 0.82
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up 
to ` 2 lakhs1,94,35,650 12,84,406 2,07,20,056 11.03
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs22,77,450 2,22,543 24,99,993 1.33
(e) Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) 13,01,649 48,257 13,49,906 0.72
(f) Foreign Nationals 7,643 210 7,853 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 15,71,839 78,008 16,49,847 0.88
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives (excluding Independent Directors and nominee Directors)0 0 0 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 1,84,242 0 1,84,242 0.10
(j) Clearing Members 17,366 0 17,366 0.01
(k) HUF 7,06,560 0 7,06,560 0.38
(l) LLP 0 0 0 0.00
(m) Trusts 17,31,651 1,197 17,32,848 0.92
(n) Pakistani Shareholders 0 80 80 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(4) 2,87,77,455 16,34,701 3,04,12,156 16.20
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding  (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)7,94,29,300 19,01,036 8,13,30,336 43.31
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 0 0 0 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0.00
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders  (C) = C(1) + C(2)0
0 0 0.00
TOTAL = (A)+(B)+(C) 18,58,86,227 19,01,036 18,77,87,263 100.00
 Amalgamated Company – pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2026:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
Sub Total (A)(1) 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
2 Foreign 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 66.98
Sub Total (A)(2) 1,66,33,81,052 01,66,33,81,052 66.98
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) = (A)(1) + (A)(2)1,67,20,81,052 01,67,20,81,052 67.33
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 22,63,70,793 59,235 22,64,30,028 9.12
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 10,34,964 0 10,34,964 0.04
(c) Banks 2,53,095 8,760 2,61,855 0.01
(d) Insurance Companies 20,88,78,137 8,250 20,88,86,387 8.41adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
38
ACC Limited
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 4,62,13,159 0 4,62,13,159 1.86
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.21
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 31,639 31,082 62,721 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 21,000 21,000 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(1) 48,79,35,316 1,28,327 48,80,63,643 19.65
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category - I 13,55,23,402 0 13,55,23,402 5.46
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category - II 41,95,445 0 41,95,445 0.17
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 61,275 61,275 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(2) 13,97,18,847 61,275 13,97,80,122 5.63
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ 
President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 37,747 0 37,747 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(3) 37,747 0 37,747 0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 1 0 1 0.00
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 50,00,026 0 50,00,026 0.20
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs11,85,80,944 39,35,788 12,25,16,732 4.93
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs1,47,26,333 2,80,617 1,50,06,950 0.60
(e) Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) 99,84,434 16,65,652 1,16,50,086 0.47
(f) Foreign Nationals 3,687 15,000 18,687 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 2,19,21,477 2,41,413 2,21,62,890 0.89
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives (excluding Independent Directors and nominee Directors)0 0
0 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 11,57,786 0 11,57,786 0.05
(k) HUF 44,63,189 191 44,63,380 0.18
(l) LLP 14,59,416 0 14,59,416 0.06
(m) Trusts 56,253 0 56,253 0.00
(n) Independent Director or relative 2,000 0 2,000 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(4) 17,73,55,546 61,47,781 18,35,03,327 7.39
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding  (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)80,50,47,456 63,37,383 81,13,84,839 32.67
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,51,295 0 13,51,295 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0.00
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders  (C) = C(1) + C(2)13,51,295 0 13,51,295 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 2,47,84,79,803 63,37,383 2,48,48,17,186 100.00adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
39
 Amalgamated Company - post-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2026:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.31
Sub Total (A)(1) 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.31
2 Foreign 170,42,91,859 0 170,42,91,859 61.06
Sub Total (A)(2) 170,42,91,859 0 170,42,91,859 61.06
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter 
Group (A) = (A)(1) + (A)(2)171,29,91,859 0 171,29,91,859 61.37
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 27,53,53,217 59,235 27,54,12,452 9.87
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 10,86,742 0 10,86,742 0.04
(c) Banks 8,27,902 8,760 8,36,662 0.03
(d) Insurance Companies 28,93,80,217 8,250 28,93,88,467 10.37
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 462,13,159 0 462,13,159 1.66
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.18
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 40,479 31,082 71,561 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 9,915 21,000 30,915 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (1) 61,80,65,160 1,28,327 61,81,93,487 22.15
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category - I 17,08,07,766 0 17,08,07,766 6.12
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category - II 48,28,934 0 48,28,934 0.17
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors / Foreign Banks 18,653 61,276 79,929 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(2) 17,56,55,353 61,276 17,57,16,629 6.30
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 7,96,542 0 7,96,542 0.03
(b) Shareholding by Companies or Bodies Corporate where Central / State Government is a promoter1,86,485
0 1,86,485 0.01
Sub-Total (B)(3) 9,83,027 0 9,83,027 0.04
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 657 0 657 0.00
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 100,61,738 0 100,61,738 0.36
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs18,65,42,728 39,35,788 19,04,78,516 6.82
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs2,29,26,310 2,80,617 2,32,06,927 0.83
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 1,44,12,126 16,65,652 1,60,77,778 0.58
(f) Foreign Nationals 29,445 15,000 44,445 0.00
(g) Foreign Companies 6,04,314 0 6,04,314 0.02
(h) Bodies Corporate 2,73,32,975 2,41,413 2,75,74,388 0.99
(i) Director or Director’s Relatives (excluding Independent Directors and nominee Directors)0 0 0 0.00
(j) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
40
ACC Limited
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(k) Clearing Members 12,14,746 0 12,14,746 0.04
(l) HUF 67,80,706 191 67,80,897 0.24
(m) LLP 14,59,416 0 14,59,416 0.05
(n) Trusts 57,39,994 0 57,39,994 0.21
(o) Pakistani Shareholders 262 0 262 0.00
(p) Independent Director or relative 2,000 0 2,000 0.00
Sub-Total (B)(4) 27,71,07,417 61,47,781 28,32,55,198 10.15
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding  
(B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)1,07,18,10,958 63,37,383 107,81,48,341 38.63
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,51,295 0 13,51,295 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0.00
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders  (C) = C(1) + C(2)13,51,295 0 13,51,295 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 278,61,54,112 63,37,383 279,24,91,495 100.00
 Amalgamated Company - post-capital structure upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing capital 
structure as on June 30, 2026:
Particulars Amount
(in Rupees)
Authorised Share Capital^
4389,27,50,000 Equity Shares of  ` 2/- each8778,55,00,000
 245,00,00,000 Preference Shares of ` 10/- each 2450,00,00,000
Total 11,228,55,00,000
Issued Share Capital
^
279,28,18,015 * equity shares of  ` 2/- each fully paid-up558,56,36,030
Total 558,56,36,030
Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
^
279,24,91,495 * equity shares of  ` 2/- each fully paid-up
#558,49,82,990
Total 558,49,82,990
 ^ The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital as stated above is after giving effect to the sanction of, Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Adani Cementation Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, which has been made effective from August 1, 2025; Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders, which has made effective from March 12, 2026; and Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders, which has made effective from April 10, 2026.
 * The issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,51,295 equity shares represented by 13,51,295 global depository receipts as on  
June 30, 2026.
 # The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right shares 
which are kept in abeyance.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
41
71. In the event that the Scheme is withdrawn in accordance 
with its terms, the Scheme shall stand revoked, cancelled 
and be of no effect and null and void.
72. The following documents will be available for inspection  
by the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting, basis email request being sent on accinvestorsupport@adani.com. Further, the following documents will also be open for inspection by the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company at its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India, between 10.30 a.m. and 12.30 pm on all working days from the date hereof up to one day prior to the date  
of the Meeting:
 (i)  Cop y of the order passed by NCLT in C.A. (CAA)/ 33 
(AHM) 2026, dated July 29, 2026 inter alia, directing the Amalgamating Company to convene the meeting of its equity shareholders;
 (ii)  Cop y of C.A. (CAA)/ 33 (AHM) 2026 (with annexures) 
jointly filed by the Companies before NCLT;
 (iii)  Cop y of the Scheme;
 (iv)  Cop y of the Memorandum and Articles of Association 
of the Companies;
 (v)  Cop y of the annual report of the Companies, for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025;
 (vi)  Cop y of the annual report of the Companies, for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026;
 (vii)  Cop y of the unaudited financial results of the 
Companies, for the quarter ended June 30, 2026;
 (viii)   Cop y of the Register of Directors’ shareholding in the 
respective Companies;
 (ix)  Cop y of the Valuation Report dated December 22, 
2025, jointly issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) (Joint Valuation Report);
 (x)  Cop y of the Fairness Opinion dated December 22, 
2025, issued by SBI Capital Markets Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of ACC Limited (Fairness Opinion 1);
 (xi)  Cop y of the Fairness Opinion dated December 22, 
2025, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker, to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Fairness Opinion 2);
 (xii)  Cop y of the Summary of the Joint Valuation Report, 
including the basis of such Joint Valuation Report and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2;
 (xiii)   Cop y of the resolution passed by the Mergers and 
Acquisitions Committee of ACC Limited dated December 22, 2025; (xiv)   Cop y of the  report of the Audit Committee of ACC 
Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xv)  Cop y of the report of the Committee of Independent 
Directors of ACC Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xvi)   Cop y of the resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of ACC Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xvii)   Cop y of the resolution passed by the Mergers and 
Acquisitions Committee of Ambuja Cements Limited 
dated December 22, 2025;
 (xviii)   Cop y of the report of the Audit Committee of Ambuja 
Cements Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xix)   Cop y of the report of the Committee of Independent 
Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xx)  Cop y of the resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited dated December 22, 2025;
 (xxi)   Copies of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 
2026, submitted by ACC Limited to NSE and the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by ACC Limited to BSE;
 (xxii)   Copies of the Complaint Report dated February 5, 
2026, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to NSE and the Complaint Report dated February 5, 2026, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to BSE;
 (xxiii)   Cop y of no-objection/no adverse observation letters 
issued by NSE and BSE, both dated June 4, 2026, to the Companies;
 (xxiv)   Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against  
ACC Limited, its promoters and directors” as on  
June 30, 2026;
 (xxv)   Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2026;
 (xxvi)   Details in r espect of the particulars mentioned/
stipulated in: (a) clause j) i. to xii. of the no-objection letter dated June 4, 2026, received from National Stock Exchange of India Limited; and (b) clause 10. a) to l) of the no adverse observation letter dated June 4, 2026, received from BSE Limited;
 (xxvii)   Cop y of the Statutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 23, 2025, issued by M/s S R B C & Co LLP , Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditors of  
the Amalgamating Company under Section 133 of the Act;
 (xxviii)  Cop y of the Statutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 23, 2025, issued by M/s S R B C & Co LLP , Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditors of  
the Amalgamated Company under Section 133 of 
the Act;adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
42
ACC Limited
 (xxix)   Cop y of the report dated December 22, 2025, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Amalgamating 
Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act;
 (xxx)   Cop y of the report dated December 22, 2025, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act;
 (xxxi)   Copies of F orm No. GNL-1 filed by the Amalgamating 
Company with the concerned Registrar of Companies, along with the challan dated August 10, 2026 and Form No. GNL-1 filed by the Amalgamated Company with the concerned Registrar of Companies, along with the challan dated August 11, 2026;
 (xxxii)   Cop y of the certificate, dated August 13, 2026, issued 
by M/s Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Amalgamating Company as on June 30, 2026; and
 (xxxiii)  Cop y of the certificate, dated August 13, 2026,  
issued by M/s Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Amalgamated Company as on June 30, 2026.
 The equity shareholders shall be entitled to obtain the 
extracts from or for making or obtaining the copies of the 
documents listed in item numbers (i), (iii), (v), (vi), (vii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xxi), (xxii), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xxvi), (xxix) and (xxx) above.
73. This statement may be treated as an Explanatory Statement 
under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act  
read with Rule 6 of the Rules. Hard copies of the Particulars  
as defined in this Notice can be obtained free of charge within 1 (one) working day on a requisition being so made  
for the same by the equity shareholders of the  
Amalgamating Company at the registered office of the Amalgamating Company or at the office of its advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India.
74. After the Scheme is approved by the equity shareholders 
of the Amalgamating Company, it will be subject to the approval/sanction by NCLT or any other statutory or regulatory authorities as may be applicable.
Justice Mr.  Virendra Singh Gyan Singh Bisht, 
former member of the National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Dated this August 20, 2026
Registered office: Adani Corporate House,  
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.adani 
At:t: adani 
Cement 
43
Annexure 1
adani 
At:t: 
SCHEME OF AMALGAMA TION 
of 
ACCLIMITED 
(as A11utlgamating Compm,y) 
witl, 
AMBUJA CEMENTS LfMlTED 
(,;s Anialgm,mte,I Company) 
(UN.DER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROJIISIONS OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) adani 
Cement 
44
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
0 'f.R\ IF. 
A. Overview of this Scheme 
A. I. This scheme ofanmlgamalion of A C Limited (''Amalgamating Company") with 
Ambltia Cements Limited {"Amalgamated Company" ) i11ter alia. provides for 
the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with and into the Amalgamated 
ompany by way of a merger by absorption on a goi11g concem basis, with effect 
from the Appointed Date, i.e., Jam1ary I, 2026, and the consequent dissolution of 
the Amalgamating Company without being wound up, and the issuance of New 
quity • hares (cu defined hereinafre,.) to the equity barcholders of the 
Amalgamating mpany in accordance with the Share Exchange Ratio ((Is defined 
her inafre,·), pursuant to the provi ions of Sections 230 to 232 and/or other 
applicable provi ions of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Act''), SE I Schemes Master 
Circular (as defined hereinafter) and in accordance with Section 2( 18) of the 
Income T.: Act, 1961 ( '111come Tax Act'') (her inafter referred to as "Schen,e"). 
A.2. Both the Amalgamating Company and the All algamated ompany form part f 
the Ada11i group of ompanies. As on November 30, 2025 the Amalgamated 
Company holds 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating 
ompany. hus, the Amalgamating ompany is the subsidia,y of the 
Amalgamated Company. 
A.3. This Scheme j presented under Sections 230 to 2 2 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act for the amalgamati n of the Amalgamating mpany with 
the Amalgamnted Company And it is divided into the foll wing parts: 
Part I: Deals with a bric[ overview o-C the Companies (as defined hereinofl r), 
other schemes of a1Tangement/amalgamation involving the Amalgamated 
Company, rationale and benefits of the cheme, synergies of business of the 
entitie involved in the Scheme and impact of the Scheme on shareholders. 
rart 11: Deal with the definitions of the capitalized terms used in the Scheme, 
their interpretation , date of taking effect of the cheme and share capital of the 
Amalgamating ompany and the Amalgamated Company. 
Part 111: Deals with th am lgamatlon of the Amalgamating ompany into and 
with th Amalgamated ompany in accordance with the provisions of Sections 230 
to 232 of the Act. 
Put lV: Deals with the general tem1s and c ndition applicable 10 the chemc. 
A.4. This chemc also provides for various other matters that are consequential or 
otherwise integrally connected to this cheme. adani 
Cement 
-I 
45
adani At:t: 
1.1. Brief Overview of the Companies ri!fened to irt the Scheme 
1.1. I. Amnlgnmnting Company 
(a) The Amalgamating ompany (as defined hereinqfter) was incorporated 
on August l, 1936, as he Associated Cement Companies imited, a 
public limited company, witll tlle Registrar ofCompimies, Bombay, under 
the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 19 l 3. Its name was changed 
to A C imited 011 September I, 2006. The registered office of the 
Amalgamating ompn11y wa shifted from the State of Maharashtra to the 
State of Gujarat on March 18, 2024, The orporate Identification Number 
of the Amalgamating Company is L26940GJl936PL C149771. 
( b) The registered office of the Amalgamating Company is situated at Adani 
orporat House, Shantigram, Near Yaish.no Devi Circle, . G. Highway, 
Khodiyar, Ahinedabad, Gujarat-382 421, India. 
(c) The Amalgamating Company is one of India's most longstanding and 
prominent cement and building materials company and is en aged in the 
business of rnanufo.cturing and marketing of cement and ready-mix 
concrete, serving diverse customer across residential, infrastructur e, 
commercial, and industrial construction sectors, 
(d) The Amalgamated .,ompany a on November 30, 2025, was holding 
50.05¾ of the paid-up equity share capital of the Amalgamating 
Company. Thus, the Amalgamating ompany is the subsidiary of the 
Amalgamated Company. 
( ) The equity shares of the Amalgamating 'ompany are listed on BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (together n,ferred 
to as the' Stock Eicbonges'') . 
1.1.2. Amalgamated Company 
(a) The Amalgamated ompany was incorporated on October 20, J 981, as 
Ambuja ements Private Limited, a private limited company, with the, 
Registrar of Companies, Gltiarat, under the provisions of th Companies 
Act. 1956. Its name was changed to (i) Ambuja Cements Limited 011 
March 19, J 983; (ii) Gujarat Ambuja emen imited on May 19, 1983; 
and (iii) Ambuja Cements Limited on April 5, 2007. The C q:,orate 
Identification Numbe1 of the Amalgamated ompany is 
26942GJ 1981PLC004717 . adani 
Cement 
46
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
(b) 
(c) 
(d) 
(e) The regi~tered office of the Amalgamated ompany is sit1.1atcd at Adani 
Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaish110 Devi ircle, S. G. Highway, 
Kllodiyar, Alrn;edabac.l, G~tjarat -382 421, India. 
Th Amalgamated Company is among th leading cement companie iii 
India, renowned for its has le-free, hom~building olutions with its 
unique ustai11able development projects and environment-friend ly 
practices since it staned its operations . 
The Amalgamated Company is the holding company of the 
Amalgamating Company and, as on November 30, 2025 the 
Amalgamated ompany holds 50.05% of tile paid-up equity share capital 
of the Amalgamating Company. 
The equity shares of the Amalgamated ompany are listed on the Stock 
Exchanges . he global depository l'eceipts issued by the Amalgamated 
Company ate Ii 'led on th~ Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
1.2. Other schemes of arrnngenurnt/nmalgnmation involving the Amalga1natl.ld 
Company 
By way of separate ong ing ehemes of amalgamation, it is proposed (a) to 
amnlgamate Sanghi Industries Limited (a subsidia1-y of the Arnalgamnted 
Company) with the A.malgamaled Company ("Sanghi Merger chenie''); and (b) 
to amalgamate Penna Cement lndu tries hnited (a subsidiary f the Amalgamated 
Company) with th Amalgamated Company ("Penna Cement Merger cheme"). 
Further, the Board f the Amalgamated ompany are proposing a separate scheme 
for amalgamation of Orient Cement Limited (a subsidiary of the Amalgamated 
Company) with the Amalgamated ompany (''Orient Merger Scbem ") in thcit' 
meeting to be convened on December 22 2025. 
l.3. Rntionale and benefits or the cheme 
1.3.1. The Amalgamated Company is among India's leading cement manufacturers , with 
installed capacity acros India. The Amalgamating ompany i also ct1gagcd in 
cement manufacturing with capacities that strategically complement and enhance 
the manufacturin g footprint of the Amalgamated ompany. The Amalgamated 
Company is thePromoteroftheAmalgamating Company and bolds 50.05% ofthe­
paid·up equity share capita] of the Amalgamating 0111pany. A both the _ ompanies 
are under the same line of business, the amalgamation will enable the Amalgamated 
Company to assume complete wner hip and direction of the Amalgamating 
ompany's busin ss for long-tem1 strategic alignment. The proposed 
amalgamation will combine the operation of both companies, driving focused 
growlh, operational efficiencies, and significant business ynergies. Fu1thenn re, 
the resulting corp rate structure will en.ha1Jce agi lily and strengthen the overall 
business ecosystem of the merged entity. 
1.3.2. The amalgamation will unify manufacturin g aLtd ommcrcial fonctfon , optimize 
resource allocation, and streamline the group's structure by reducing multiple 
entities in the sal'llc line of busi.ness. This integration wlll enable fa ter decision­
,,,,.: adani 
Cement 
47
adani At:t: 
making, smoother execution of production plans, and stronger op rational 
discipline enhancing agility and efficiency across the combined nerworl·. 
1.3.3. The amalgamation will enable to deploy its financial, managerial, and perational 
resources more effectively. With all resourc1.1s under the management of o single 
entity, both allocation and utilization can be optimi21acl to support theAmalgama ed 
C rnpany's strntegic objectives. 
1.3.4. By pooling financial, operational, and logistical resources, the merged entity will 
unlock economies of scale. Coupled wich a unified market approach and e'ffkient 
capital deploymc1 t, these synergies will boost profitability , strengthen 
competitiveness and deliver superior lo11g-term value and benefits to shareholde s 
and other stakeholders. 
l. ~ .5. Th amalgamation is in alignment with the Amalgamated mpany's Jong-term 
visi n of consolidali n and sustainable growth. Over time, the unified structure is 
expected to generate increased valu for shareholders, supporting Amalgamated 
Company's ongoing commitment to delivering sustainable renirns. 
1.4. Synergies of b11siness of the entities involved in the Scheme 
l.4.1. Th proposed Scheme would, inter a/ia, result in the following synergies: 
(a) Operational Synergies: Integration of operations will lead to improved 
asset lttiliza.tion, process standardization and elimination of op rational 
overlaps, enhancing productivity and efficiency. 
(b) Cost Synergies: The merger will elimi11ate duplication of corporate 
function and support services, 1·esulting in rcc.url'ing cost savings. 
(c) Financial Synergies: Pooling of financial resources will strengthen the 
balani.:e sheet of the merged entity and improve working capitol 
management. 
(d) Revenue and Scale Benefits: The combiJ1ed entity will benefit from 
increased scale, stronger market presence and improved ability to service 
customers and pursue larger busines opporl1.milies. 
(e) Governnnce and Compliance Synergies: A unified entity s(ruclure will 
enable focused governance streamlined complian e maaagemc11r and 
more effective Board oversight. 
t.5. Impact of the Scheme on sllatcholdets 
1.5. t. Amalgamath1g Company: adani 
Cement 
48
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
for the sharch lders f the Amalgamating ompany, the prop scd Scheme will 
provide an opportunity to improve the economic value for the shareholders. This is 
particularly rnarked in the ilnpl' ved synergies tbat will adsc pursuant to the 
Scheme. Th proposed Scheme will result in deriving benefits for future capacity 
expansion and efficiency iinpr vement mea urcs. Thus upon the chcme 
becoming e:ff-ective, th ~hareholders of the Amalgamating ompany will be able 
to pa1ticipate in the growth of the Amalgamated ompany, which is the leading 
cement manufacturing company hi India as on date. 
1.5.2. Amalgamated Company: 
For the shareh lders of the Amalgama ted ompany, the proposed Schem will 
result in economies of scale and consolidation of oppo1tunities will improve 
profitability and enhance overnll shareholder value. This is particularly marked in 
the improved yncrgies that will ari ~ put uan.t to the Scheme. ased on the Share 
Exchangi;; Ratio ns set oul in the Valuation Report, there will be no dctt'imcntal 
impact of U1e proposed Scheme on the shareholders and no shareholder is expected 
to have any disproportionate advantage or disadvantage in any manner. adani 
Cement 
49
adani At:t: 
PART II 
2. Definitions, interpretation, date of taking effect and share capit11I 
2. l. Definitions 
2, I. 1. 
2.1.2, 
2.1.3. 
2.1.4. 
2.1.5. 
2.1.6. 
2. 1.7. 
2.1.8. 
2.1.9. In this Scheme~ the following words and expressions shall, unless the conte, t 
reqi,1ires otherwise, have the following meanings ascribed to them: 
'Act'' means the Coinpani s Act, 2013; and nil amendments or statutory 
modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof, including the rules and regulations 
made thereunder or notifications , circuhlts or Ol'ders made/issued thcre\mder, from 
time to time. 
"Amalgamated Company" has the meaning given to it in Paragraph A.1. of the 
Scheme. 
"Amalgamated Company Shares" mean the fully paid~up equity shares of the 
Amalgamated Company, each having a face value of Rs. 2/-(Rupees Two only) 
and having one vote per equity share. 
''Amalgamating Company" has the meaning given to it in Paragraph A. t. of the 
Sol1eme. 
''Appointed Date" means January 1, 2026. 
"Board of Directors" or "Board" in relation to the Companies means their 
respective board of directors, and unless it is rep1.1gnant to the context or othe1·wise, 
includes any co1m11itte of dh-ectors or any person authorised by the b ru:d of 
directors or by such committee of directors duly constituted and authorised for the 
purposes of matters pertaining to the ammgement as contemplated under this 
Scheme and/or any other matters relating thereto. 
"Companies" means collectively. the Amalgamatjng Company and the 
Amalgamated Company. 
"Effective Date'' mean the last of the dates on which all U1e approvals or events 
specified under Clause 4.3 of the Scheme are obtained or have occurr d or the 
requirement of which have b en waived. References in this Scheme to "upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme" or "ypon this Scheme becoming effective'' or 
''ejj'ective11ess of 1his Scheme'' or "Scheme coming info effect" shall mean the 
Effective Date. 
"E11cumbrance" means any fonn of legal or equitable encumbrance or security 
interest including without limitation (i) any optio11s, claim, pr -emptive right, 
easement, Jimjtation , attachment , restraint, mortgage, charge (whether fixed or 
tloating), pledg~, lien, hypothecation, assignment, d ed of trust, escrow, title adani 
Cement 
50
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
2. I. I 0. 
2. 1.11. 
2.l.12. 
2. l.13. retention, seem it)' interest or other encumbrance N i11te1 est of any I incl securing or 
conferring any pi-iority of payment in respect of any obligation of any person, 
including any tight granted by a transaction or other type of preferential 
arrangement or interest wJ1ich, in legal terms, is not the granting of st.:curity but 
which has an cconomi or finat1cial effect similar 10 the granting of ecurity under 
applicabl Law, including any option or right of pre-emption, public right, common 
right, ea emcnt rights, any attachment, restriction on use, transfer, receipt of 
income ore. erclse of any other attribut of ownership, right of set off and/or any 
other internst held by a third party; (ii) any voting agreement, co11ditio11al sale 
contracts, or agreement , interest, option. right of first offer, first, last or other refusal 
right, proxy, power of attorney, or transfer restriction; (iii) a11y adverse claim as to 
title, possession or use; and/or (iv) any agreement, conditional or otherwi ·e, l 
create any of the foregoing and the terms "Encumbered ", "Encumbe,.,, shall be 
construed accordi11gly . 
"Governmental Approval " means any consent, approval, license, permit, order, 
e, emption, ccrtjficate, clearance or .iuth risation obtained or to b obtained from, 
or ally registration , 110tificatio1,. declaration 01· filing made to or with, or to be made 
to or with, any Governmental Authority and shall include Required Governmental 
Filings. 
"Govetument'' or "Govcrnmcntnl Authority" m1:ans any national, stale, 
provincial, local r similar governl1\ent or governmental , statutory, regulatory or 
ad 1ini trative authority, government department, agency, cmw111ss10n, 
departmenta l 1· public ody or authoi-ity, S I Stock changes, , any relevant 
Tax authority, tribunal or court or other entity authorized to make Laws, rules, 
regulation s, standard , requirements, procedures or to pa s directions or orders, in 
each case, having the force of Law, or w1y non·govemmental regulatory or 
adininistrntiw authority, body or other organization to the exten that· tht: rules. 
regulations and standard . requirement s. proccdurns or orders of such authority, 
body or other organization have the force of Law. as may be applicable, having or 
pu1po1ting to have juri diction on behalf of the Republic of India or any state or 
province or other political subdivision thereof or any municipality, district or other 
subdivi. ion thereof or in any oth r 11 tion, over the ompanies. 
"Income Tax Ad" means U1e Income ax Acl, 1961., and all amendments or 
statutory modifications thereto or re-enacunents thereof, including the rules and 
regulation s made thereunder or 11otification s, circuhirs or ord1m, made/issui;:d 
thereunder , from time t ti111e. 
"lntcJlcctual Property Right " means ,111 iiilelh:ctual property rights (including 
hardware, software, licenses, source codes, object code, algorithm and scripts), 
registration s, servers, software assets, hardware assets, cloud, data centres, any 
devices including but not limited to laptops and mobile devices, goodwill, patents, 
patent applications , divisional puteut, patent of additions, trademarks, ervice 
inar s, trade tiamc\ logos, corporate names, brru1d names, domain names, 
copyrights, designs including project designs, market authorization marketing 
intangibles , research t111<l studies, teclutical kn whow, and all common law rights, 
pending applications, registrations, and renewals ia connection therewith, and 
software and all website cont nt (including tcxl. graphics, i[llages, audio, video and adani 
Cement 
51
adani At:t: 
2.1.14. 
2.1.1 S. 
2.1.I 6. 
2. l.17. 
2.1.18. 
2.1.19. 
2.J.20. 
2. 1.21. 
2.l.22. 
2.1.23. 
2.1.24. 
2.1.25. data), trade seci-ets, confidentia l bu ines:s information and other proprietary 
infommtion. 
"Law"(s) means (a) 1pplicable statutes, enactment s, acts of legislature or 
parliament , laws ordinances, mies, byelaws, regulations, notifications , guidelines, 
press notes clarifications, or policies of m1y applicable cow1try and/or Jurisdiction ; 
(b) writ, injunction , directions, directives, judgment, arbitrnl award, decree, orders 
or approvals ot: or agreements with, any Gove nmenta) Authority or Stock 
Excha11ges. 
"Liabilities'' means all debts (whether in Rupees or foreign currency); liabilities 
(including bills payable, intere t accrued, statutory t'e erv"es, provisions and all 
other liabilitie includiug contingem liabilities, and obligations under any licenses 
or permits or scheme ), loans raised and used, obligations incurred, duties f any 
kind, nature or description and undertakings of every kind or nature and the 
liabilities of any description whatsoever whether or not provided in the books of 
accounts or disclosed in the financial statements of the Amalgamating Company , 
whether present or future, and howsoever raised or incurred or utilized along witb 
any charge, encumbrance, lien or security thereon. 
"New Equity Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.3.1 (ii). 
"Orient Merger Scheme" bas the meaning given to it in Clause 1.2 o(Part I of the 
Scheme. 
"Penna Cement Merger Scheme" has the meaning given to it in lause 1.2 of 
Part I of the Scheme. 
•'Record Date" means the date to be 1lxed by the Board of Dirnctors of the 
Amalgamated ompauy in consultation with the Board of Directors of tl1e 
Amalgamating ompany for tJie purpose of determining the equity sharehold rs of 
the Amalgamating Company , to whom the Amalgamated Company Shares will be 
allotted pursuant to this cheme. 
••Required Governmental Filings" means collect1veJy, the intjrnati011s/filings 
req 1ir1:d to be made wjth the Stock xchimges , the Tribunal and the RoC, in 
connection with the present Scheme. 
"RoC" means the Registrru· of Companies , Gujarat. 
"Rupees" or "Rs." means the Indian rupee which is the lawful cu1i-ency of mdia. 
"Sanghi Me1·ger Scheme;' bas the meaning given to it in Clause 1.2 of Patl I of 
the Scheme. 
"Scheme" mean this cheme of amalgamation, subject to any inodification( s) 
thereto as may be hnp sed by the Tribuaal r any modification(s) or amendment 
ought by the ompanies . as confinued/approved by the Tribunal. 
''SEBt' means the Securities and Exchange Boar adani 
Cement 
52
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
2. l.26. 
2.1.27. 
2.1.28. 
2.1.29. 
2.1.30. 
2.1.31. 
2.1.32, 
2.1.33. ~iSEBI LODR Regulations" means the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia 
(Listinrr Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation,, 2015, as amended 
from time to tim~. 
·'SEBI Schemes Master Circular" means Master Circular No. 
SEBI/f-10/C D/POD-2/P/ClR/2023/93 da1 d June 20, 2023, issued by SEBI 
rega ding Schem f Arrangement by (5tcd ntities and Relaxation of Sub-rule 
(7) of rule 19 of the Securitie: ontrac (Regulation) Rules, 19S7, each as 
amended from time to time. 
"Share Exchange Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.J. l (ii). 
"Stoel Exchanges" has the meaning given to it in Ja11se 1.1. I. ( e) of Part I of the 
Schem~. 
"Stock Exchanges Approval" means the no-objecti 11/110-adverse observation 
lctte.r(s) btainccl by b th the ompanies from the relevant Stock Exchanges in 
relation to the Scheme plu·suant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI LO R Regulation · 
and tJie S BI Scheme Master ircular. 
''Tax' or "Taxes" means any and all taxes (dir ct or indirect), surcharges, fees, 
levies duties, tariffs, imposts and other charges of any kind, in each case in the 
nature of a tax, imposed by any Govemmenlal Authority (whether payable directly 
1· by withholding), includi.ng taxes based upon r measul'ed by income, windfall 
or other pl'ofits, gross receipts, property. sales, severance, branch profit . customs 
duties, excise, central valui: added ta . cenu·al sals ta., ·ale tax, entry tax, tax 
deducted at source, tax collected at sollJ'ce, self-assessment tax, advanc tru , 
service tax, goods and services tax, st.unp duty, tra11sfor ta , value-added tax, 
1ninimu1n alternate lax, banking cash transa tion tax, equalisation levy, dividend 
distribution tax, buy-back tax, securities 1rnnsaction tax, tax~ withheld or paid, 
customs duty and regi tration fees (together with any and all inter st, penalties, 
additions to tax and additional amounts imposed with respect thoret ). 
"Tribunal" means the Hon'ble National ompany Law ribunal, Ahmedabad 
Bench, which has jurisdiction in .relation to th ompanies. 
"Undertaking'' means th Amalgamati ng ompany and includes all of tl1e 
business, undi:rtaking s a sets, propertie , investments. rights, approvals, licenses 
and power , leasehold rights and all its debts, outstanding, liabil.itie , duties and 
obligations of th· Antalgamating mpa11y, of whatsoever nature and kjt1d 3Jld 
wherever ltuated, on a going concern basis and with continuity of business of the 
Amalgamating Company, which shall mean and include, without limitation: 
(a) any and all of its immovable propcrti s (including work in progress) and 
rights thereto i.e. land together with the buildings and structures standing 
thc!'eon (whether, freehold, leas hold, leav and licensed, right of way, 
tenancies, sanctioned/allotted by u, • ovemme11ta l Authority or therwise) 
including drah1s and culverts, civil work.s, foundation. for civil works, 
offices, gttest house, colony, captiw power plant, warehouses, workshops. adani 
Cement 
53
adani 
At:t: 
sheds, stores, storages including coal storage, silo, DG room, roads, 
laboratory, boundary wall , soil filling works, benefits of any rental 
agreement for any use of premises, share of any joint assets, etc., and all 
documents (including panchnamas, declarntions, receipts, sanction 
letters/orders, etc.) of title, rights and easements io relation thereto and all 
rights, covenants, continuing tights, title and interests, benefits and interests 
ofrental agreements for lease or license or other rights lo use of premises, in 
conn ction with the said immovable properties; 
(b) all th mines, including applications for mining leases, with all necessary 
lie nses, approvals, clearances, all mine infr::istn1ctures standing on the 
mining lease land and surface rights, all letters of intent, composite licenses, 
whether already granted or for which applicalions are pending as on the 
Effective Date. including any nnangement/understanding to e11sure 
uninterrupted supply of mineral and/or right granted 10 u e mineral from any 
other sotu·ce; 
(c) nny and all of its assets (including work Jn progress), as are movable in 
nature, whether pres nt or future or contingent, tangible or '.ntangible. in 
possession or reversion , corporeal or incorporeal (including plant and 
machinery, boilers. turbines, handling equipments including coal handling 
equipments , dumpers, e ·cavators, hovel, surface miners, cranes, capital 
work in progress, electrical fittings, air conditioners , furniture, fixtures, 
appliances, accessories, power lines, of-fice equipments , computers. 
communication facilities, installations vehicles, inventory and tools and 
plants), stock-in-trade, stores and spares, stock-in-transit, raw materials, 
finished goods, supplies, packaging items/materials, actionable claims 
prepaid expenses, bills ofexchauge, promissory notes, current assets, earnest 
monies nd reci:ivables, 1.mdry debtors, fimmcial assets, 011tstanding loans 
and advances, recoverab le in ca h or in kind or for value to be received, 
provisions, receivables , fonds, cash and bank balances and deposits including 
accrued interest the,·eto with Governmenta l Authodty, semi-overnment , 
local and other authorities and bodies, banks, customers and other per ons, 
dividends declared or intere r accrned there n, r erves, provisions, funds, 
insmances , the benefits of any bank guarantees, pcrfonnancc guanmt cs and 
letters of credit; 
(d) any and all of its pe1mits, licenses (Including factory license), mineral mirung 
leases and/or rights (jn present or arising in future) including any 
arrang-ment(s)/understanding(s) between A1nalgamating ompany with a 
Govermnent or private entity(ies) for ecuring mineral rights or mineral to adani 
Cement 
e in jts cement plants, permissio 1s (including working petmissions) , right 
of way, approvals , authorisations , clearances, consents, benefits, 
registrations includiog import registrations, rights, entitlements , credits, 
certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no objection certificates, 
exemptions. pre~quali.fications , bid acceptances, concessions , utilisations , 
subsidies, liberties and advantages (including consent/ai1 thorisation granted 
by Pollution Contr 1 Board, environmental clearnnce imd other 
licenses/pem\lts granted/issued/given by any Governmental Authority , 
statutory or regulatory or local or administrative bodies) and other benefits 0e, \Jrn,1(0 ~~ 
~ <> ··r ~, /J,-, o\ I/ I . ~· --
... ~ 
54
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
(in each c(lse including tbc benefit of any application s made for the sarne), 
approval for commissioning of projecl( ) iind ther licenses or clearanc s 
granted for the purpose of carrying on thee ·isting business or in connection 
th,:rewith including thos relating to privileges, powers, facilities of every 
kind ii id dc:::ctipti n fwhats ver nature and the benefits thereto that fonn 
part of the A1nalgamatlng ompany; 
(e) • ny and all of its Tax related assets, Tax deferral , Tax credits (including any 
credits arising from advance Tax, self", sses meDt Tax. other income Tax 
credits; withholding T x credits, minimum altcmatc Ta credits, central 
value added Tax credits, goods and services Tax credits customs duty credit 
other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables), other claims under Tax 
Laws, privileg , incentives (including incentives in respect of income a , 
sales Tax value added Tax, service Tax, excise duty, customs duties and 
goods and service Tax), benefits, Tax holidays, Tax refunds (i11cluding those 
pending with any Ta; authorities) , all Tax assets both direct and indire t 
including refunds filed pending to be adjudicated and refunds to be filed, 
advantages. benefits and all other rights, privilege , power and facilities of 
every kind and description of whatsoever nature and the be11cfits thereto; 
(f) nil contracts, agreeme111 including power pt1rchase ngi-eemcnt(s) aL1d/ 
arrangements to procure power for captive consumption of the 
Amalgamating ompany, coal linkages agreement( , fuel supply 
agreement( s), consultancy agreements, purnhase orders/sel'vice order , 
perntion and maintenanc e contra , benefit of any ,1mmgements, 
allotments, approvals, a1.1th ritics, regi trati ll . exemption. , benefit., 
waivers, security and other agreements, engagements, memoranda of 
understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranJa of agreemc11ls, 
memoranda of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, tariff 
policies, expression of interest, letteri; of intent, ammgcn cnt , 
undcrstandinga, engagements, indemnity, guarantees, powers of attorney, 
authorities given by, issued Lo, or executed in favour of the Amalgamating 
ompany, deeds and instruments, i11cludi11g hire and purchase arrangements, 
lease/license agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/panchmunas for right of 
way, quip111ent purcha e agreements. agreement with customers , purchase 
and other agreements vith the supplier/manufacturer of goods/serv ice 
prov ideL·s, other arrangemen , undertakin •s, deeds, bonds schemes 
concc si 11 agrcemcnls, insurance covers and claims, clearnnces ai,d other 
instnm1ents of whatsoever nature and description, whether vested or potential 
and written, oral r othcrwi e and all rights. title, interests, claims and 
be11efits thereunder; 
(g) all intat1gible assets, i11clucling all Intellectual Property Rights and all 
go dwill atlached to such lntellecrual Property Rights; 
(11) all rights lo use, subscrib ·, avail 1elcpho11e:, facsimile, e-mail, internet, 
leased line co11riectio11s ancl installations, utilities, electricity and other 
services, reserves, provisions , funds, benefits of a sets or properties or other 
int rests held in trus , registrations, contracts. engagements, an·angements 
ot'all kind, privileges and all other rights, ea emcnts, lib 11ies and dvantages adani 
Cement 
55
adani At:t: 
2.1.34. of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging to or in the 
owr1ership, power or possession and in control of or vest ll in or grnn1ed in 
favour of or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company and all other interests 
of whatsoeve1' nanu·e belonging to or in the ownership, power, possession or 
control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or 
enjoyed by the Amalgamating ompany; 
(i) all books, records, m~s, papers, engineering and process information, 
software licenses (whether proprietnry or otherwise) test reports, computet· 
progranum,s, drawings, manuals, data, databases including databas for 
procurement. commercial and manageme nt, catalogues, brochures 
pamphlets, quotation s, ale and adve1tising materials .. product registration s. 
dossiers, product master cards, lists of present and former customers and 
supp1ier including service providers, other customer infonuation , customer 
credit information , O\iStomer/supplier pricing infomu,tion , nnd all other 
books and records, whether ill physical or electronic form a11d all othel' 
interest f whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power or 
possession and in the cont.I· I of or vested in or granted in favour of or held 
for U1e benefit of or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company ; 
(j) all i11surnnce policies of the Amalgamating Company; 
(k) all investments, including long term, short term, quoted, unquoted 
investments in different in trnmi.:nls., including shal'es, debenture s, warrants 
and bonds, if any; 
(I) amounts claimed or to be claimed including the receivables by the 
Amalgamating ompany from any Govemmental Authority ; 
(m) all application monies, advance monies, earnest moni and si.:curity and 
other dep sits paid to any person, including auy Governmental Authority, 
and payments against other entitlements ; 
(n) a11y and all of its Liabilities; 
(o) all of its staff and employees, and other obligntions of whatsoever kind, 
including liabilities of the Amalgamating Company with regard to its taff 
and employees, with r pect to the payment of gratuity, superannuation, 
pension benefits and provident fi.tnd or otJ,er compensa tion or benefits, if a11y, 
whether in the event of resignation , death, retil'ement, retrnnchment Of 
otherwis as on the Effective Date; and 
(p) all suits. actions, legal or ther proceedings , including quasi-judicial, arbitral 
and other administrativ e proceedings of whatsoever nature, hwolving or 
continued or to be enforced by or against the Amalgamating Company. 
"Valuation Report" means the joint valuatfon report issued by GT Valuation 
Advi ms Private Limited and B O Valuation Advisory LLP, Registered Valuers, 
dated Decemb 22, 2025, in relation to the valuations of tile Amalgamating adani 
Cement 
56
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
ompnny and Amalgamated. Company, for the purposes of determining the har­
E:chango: Ratio. 
2.2. interpretation 
2.2.1. All terms and words used in the Scheme but not specifically defined herein shall, 
unles contrary to th context thereof: have the meaning ascribed to them under the 
Act. 
2.2.2. hi the Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(i) reforences to a statutory provision include any subordinate legislation 
made from time lo time muter that provision; 
(ii) rcforent.:c to the slngulal" include the plural and vice versa and references 
to any gender includes all genders: 
iii) references to a statut r statutory provision include thr,t stat1.1te or 
provision as from time to time modified or re-enacted or consolidated and 
(so far ~1s liability thereunder may exist or can arise) shall include also any 
past statutocy provi ion (as from time to time modifi d or re-ena ted or 
consolidated) which such provision has directly or indirectly replaced, 
provided that 11 thing in this lau e 2.2.2 shall operate to incr ase the 
liability of any Companies beyond that which w uld have existed had this 
lause 2.2.2 been omitted; 
(iv reference to a document shall be a reference to that document as 
modified, amended, novated or replaced from time to time; 
(v) headings are for convenienc oLlly and shall not affect the c nstnrction of 
this Scheme; 
vi) the expression ''this 1ause" hall, un1es followecl by reference to a 
specific provision, be deemed to refer to the whole Clause (and not merely 
the ub-lausc, paragraph or other provision) in wl1ich the expression 
ccurs; 
(vii references to Clauses, unless otherwi e provid d, are to lauses of this 
Scheme; 
viii references to any person shaJJ include any individual , firn1, body corporate 
(whether incorporated or not). ovemmental uthorit:y, 01· any joint 
venture, association, parUlel'Ship works council. or employee 
representatives body (whether or not having separate legal per onality); 
(ix) any phrase introduced by the tem1s • include" or "inch.1ding" or "in 
particular" or. ny similar e pression shall be construed as illustrative and 
shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; adani 
Cement 
57
adani At:t: 
(x) reference to''\ itil\g" or "written" includes printing, typing, lithography , 
and other means of rcp1\1ducing words in a visible form including mail; 
(xi) tenns ''hereof', ''hernin", "hereby", ''hereto", ''hen:under" and derivative 
or simJlar words shall refer t this entire Scheme or sp cified Clauses of 
this Scheme, as the case may be; and 
(xii) where n wider construction is possible, the WOl'dS" ther" and ''otherwise" 
shall 1101 cc nslrued ejusdem generis with any foregoing w rd . 
2.3. Effective Date 
The cheme set out herein in it pre cnr form, or with moclification(s), if any, mad 
in nccordance with the provisions of the Scheme and/or the directions of the 
Tribunal, shall be effective from the Appointed Date but shnll be operative from 
the Effective Date. 
2.4. Sh,11·e Capitnl 
2.4.1. The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up hare capital oftbe Amalgamating 
onipany as on Nov~rnber JO, 2025, was as under: 
SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT fN RS. 
Authorised b,ue capital -----
22, 0,00,000 equity shares of Rs. I 0/-each 225,00,00,000 
10,00,00,000 prt:ference shares fRs. I 0/-each I 00,00,00,000 -Total 325,00,00,000 
Issued share capit11I" 
18,87,93,243 equity shares of . I 01-each fully I 88, 79,32,430 
paid-up 
Total 188,79,32,430 
Subscribed and paid~up sh11rc capital" 
18,77,87,263 equity shares f Rs. l 0/-each fi.1lly 187,78,72,630 
paid up 
Add: 3,84,060 equity share~ of Rs. 10/-each 20,00,000 
forfeited-amount originally paid \lp 
Total 187,98, 72,630 
" There is difference of 10,05,980 equity sl :u-cs bi:tween issued and subscribed 
and paid-up share capital of the Amalgamatin g Compfmy on account of: adani 
Cement 
58
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
1) 5,38, 000 equity shm·es o iswed hC1vl! not bee,, crllo!/ed C111d kept in C1beyance, 
which pertains to previous right issue offered by the Amalgamating Company 
to its shareholders in Financial Year 1995. 
2 3,84,060 equity shares fo1feited forms a part of Issued Capital but not the 
subscribed capital and the same pertains to previous right issue offered by 
the Amalgamating ompany to its shareholders in Financial Year /995. 
3) 63,8 0 equity hares so issued have been kept in abeyance fi'om previous 
right issue o.Uered by the Amalgamatin g Company to its shareholders In 
Financial Year 1999. 
4) 20,040 equity shares issued but not rnbscribed and difference brought 
fo1-,-11ard /tom em·lier years. 
2.4.2. The authoris d, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Amalgamated 
Company as on November 30, 2025, w,1s a under: 
SHARE CA PIT AL AMOUNT IN RS. 
Authorised share capital" 
4,001, 77,50,000 equity shares of Rs. 2/-each 8,003,55,00,000 
15,00,00,000 preference slmrcs of Rs. I 0/- 150,00,00,000 
each 
Total 8153 ,55,00,000 
Is ued sh:ne capital" 
247.21,49,998 ~• cqulty shm·cs of Rs. 2/-each 494,42,99,996 
fully paid up 
Total 494,42,99,996 
Subscribed and paid-up share capital" 
24 7, 18,23,4 78 "' equity sl111res of Rs. 2/-each 494,36,46,956 
fully paid up# 
Total 494,36,46,956 
A The authorised. issued, subscl'ibed and paid-up share capital as stated above is 
ajier giving effect to the sanction of Schem ' of Amalgmnatio11 of Adani adani 
Cement 
~ 
{(~ i't,) 
~~\ -~ ,~ I ·(J 
59
adani At:t: 
Ceme11totirm Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, 111hich has been made 
ef/ectivefi·om Aug11s11, 2025. 
'" The issued and paid-11p sharr: capital includes 13,36,389 equity shares 
1·epresented by 13.36,389 global deposito;y receipts c,s on November 30. 2025. 
# The difference of 3,26,520 equiry shtwes between issz1ed, subscribed cmd paid­
up capital is on account of past issuance of right 'hares which are I, :pt in 
abeyance. adani 
Cement 
60
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
P RT Ill 
3. Amalgamation of the Anlalganiating Company into and with the 
Amalgamated Company 
3.1. Transfer .and vesting 
3.1.1. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and with effect from the Appointed 
Date subject to the provisions of this Scheme, the Amalgamating Company along 
with all its estates, properiies, assets, contracts, employees records, approvals, 
rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest, etc., i.e. the 
Undertaking shall stand trnnsforre d to and ves! in and/or be deemed to have been 
tnll1sferred to and vested in the Amalgamated ompany, as a going c:onccm, 
without any further act, instrnment, deed, matter or thing being made, done or 
executed, so as to become, as and from the Appointed Dat . the estate, properties, 
assets, rights, claims, title and authorities , benefits, liabilities and interest f the 
Amal,.,amated Company by virtue of and in the manner provided in the Scheme 
pursuant lo the sanctfon of the chemc by the riblmal and the provisio11s f 
secti ns 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
3.1.2. Without prejudice to the generality of the above and to the extent applicable, unless 
otherwise stated herein, upon the coming into ffect of th.is cheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, in relation to the Undertaking: 
Tnnsfer of Assets 
(i) All assets of the Amalgamating ompany that are movable in nature or 
incorporea l prope11y or are otherwise capable of transfer by physical or 
c n tntctivc deliv 1}'. novation and/or by endorsement and delivery or by 
vesting and recordal of whatsoever nature, or otherwise capable of transfer 
b delivery of possession or by operation of Law pur uant to lhis Scheme, 
shall, pur uanl to this cheme, stand lran fen·ed lo and vested in and/or be 
deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company and 
hall become the pi-operty and an integral pa1t of the Amalgamated 
Compat\y, with effect on and from the Appointed Date pursuant to the 
provisions of the Act, all oth r applicable provisi ns of applicable Law, if 
any, \vjth ut any further act instrument r deed. The vesting pursuant to 
lhis sub-clause shall be deemed lo have occurred by physical or 
constr1.1ctiw delivery or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and 
recordal, pursuant to this Scheme, as appropriate to the property being 
ve.stcd and title to the prop!!:rty shall be deemed to have been transferred 
accordingly . 
ii) All other movable assets of the Amalgamating Comp.my, in luding 
inveslment s in shares and any other ecuritie. , contingent a sets, • undry 
debt rs, acti nablc claltn , earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits, 
outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash Of in kind or~ r value 
/.~ adani 
Cement 
;{,, ); \ 
___,, ,.t) 
~ 
61
adani At:t: 
to be received, bank balan ·es nnd deposits, with Governrnen tul 
Authorities, customers and other pcrs 11s, shall, without any furthe act, 
instrument or d ed, stand transferred to, and vested in th Amalgamated 
Company without any notice or other intimation to the debtor r obligors 
or any other person. The Anrnlg ma reel ompl'lny shall upon sanction of 
the Scheme be entitled to the delivery and possession ofaU documents of 
litl~ of uch movable property in this regard. The A1l1t1lgama1ed .ompany 
may (with ut being obliged to do so), if it so deems appropriate , give 
notice in such fon,1 as it deem lit mid proper, to each such debtor 01· 
obligor or any other persoo, that pursuant to the sanction of the heme 
by th Tribunal, such debt, loan, advance, claim, bank balance, deposit oi­
othcr asset be paid or made good or held on account of the Amalgamated 
Company as the person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right 
o the Amalgamating Company to recover or realise all such debts 
(including the debts payable by such debtor or obligor or any other person 
to tie Ai algi1inating .omp ny) stands tnmsfoned and assigned to the 
Amalgamated Company and that appropriate entries sho\.ild be passed in 
the bool s of accounts of the relevant debtors or obligors or other perso11s 
to record such change. 
(iii) All debenl\lres, bonds, notes or other debt securities, if any, of the 
Amalgamating Company, whether convertible into equ.ity or otherwise, 
shall, without any filrther act, instmment or deed, become the securities of 
the Am lgamated C m_pany and all i-ight , p wers, dutie and bligations 
in relation thereto shall be and shall stand transferred to and vested in and 
shall be e1' -rcised by r against the Amulganrn led ompany as if it were 
the Amalgamated Company in respect of the securities so transferred . 
(iv) All lea e and license agreements entered into by the Ainalganiating 
Company with landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use 
of the aints f the Undertaking including mining leases and any 
arrru1gement(s) between the Amalgamating ompany with a government 
or privat entiiy ies) for ecutii1g mineral rights or mineral t use in its 
cement plants, together with security deposits and advance/prepaid 
lease/license fee, rights and easements ill relation to such properties , shall 
stand automutically transferred in favour of the Amalgamated ornpany 
on the same tenns and conditions , without any further act, instrument , 
deed, matter or thing being made, done or executi.:d. h Anrnlgamated 
C mpany hall ontilrne to pay rent amounts/license fees/royalty as 
provided for in such agreements and shall comply with the other tenus, 
conditions and ove1 ants thereunder and shall also be e11titled to refund 
of ec\lrity deposits/prepaid lease/license fee paid under such agreements 
by the A111algamati11g ompany. 
(v) ALI immovable properties, estate, assets of the Amalgru:nati..ng oinp ny, 
including land togelher with ti c buildings m,d strnctures standing thereon 
Ol" embedded to the land and rights, claim. title, authorities ,mcl interests in 
immovable prope1ties including accreti ns and appurtenances of the 
Undertaking of whatsoever nature and wherever situate of the 
Amalgamat ing Company. whether fred,old or lenseh Id or 
c.f, Urn,"~ 
"t: 0, adani 
Cement 
62
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
sa11ctioned/alloued by a11y overnmental Authority or otherwise, all 
tenancies, and all documents of title, rights and e-asemeots in relation 
thereto shall be vested in and/or b deemed to have been vested in the 
Amalgamated ompany, without any fm1her act or deed done or being 
required to be don· by the Amalgamating Company and/or the 
Amalgamated ompany and the mer filing theteaof with the appropriate 
registra1· or sub-registrar or with the relevant ovemmental Authoi-ity 
shall suffice as record of continui.ng titles with the Amalgamated 
ompany and shall be constituted as a deemed mutation and substitution 
thereof. The Amalgamated ompany hall be entitled to exercise all tights 
and privileges attached to such immovable properties and shall be liable 
to pay the grmmd rent, rates and Taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation 
to or applicable to such immovable propertie . The mutati 11 or 
substitution of the title to the immovable properties shall. upon this 
SchetnCcl b coming effective, be made and duly record d in the name of 
the Amalgamated Company by the ppropriate authorities pur uant to the 
sanction of thjs Scheme by the Tribunal and upon the coming into effect 
of this Scheme in a cordance with the tenns hereof. The appropriate 
authorities shall grant all clearances/pern1issions, if any, required for 
cm1bling the Amalgamated Company to absolutely own and enjoy the 
ilmnovablc propertie in accordance with appli able Law. The 
Amalgamated ompany shall upon the Scheme becoming effective he 
entitled to the delivery and poss sion of all do umenls of title to uch 
immovable prope11y in this regard, which arc in possession of the 
Amalgamating ompany. It is clarified that any document executed 
purstJant to this Clause 3, l.2(v) or lau e 3. l.2{iv) or lai1se 3.1.2(viiJ) of 
Part llI will be for the limited purpose of meeting the regulatory 
requirements and shall n t be deemed to be a d cumetH under w~ich the 
transfer of any asset of the Amalgamating Company takes place and all 
ossets of the Amalgamating ompany shall be transferred lely pm uant 
to and in tein1s of this Scheme and tl1e order of the Tribunal sanctioning 
the Scheme. 
(vi) All estate, assets rights, title. claims, int rest. invesb11 nts and prop rties 
of the Amalgamating ompany as on the Appointed Date, including 
accretions and appurtenances, whether or not included in the books of the 
Amalgamating mpany, and all asliets rights title. interest, investments 
and properties, of whatsoever nature and wherever situate, which is 
acquired by th malgamating ompany 011 rafter the App inted ate 
but prior to the Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall become the 
assets and properties of the malgamat d ompany. 
(vii) In respect of any lease or license or right to use or any other agreement oi­
arnrngcn1e11t fo1111ing part of the Amalgamating Company's assets, either 
the Amalgamating Company or the Amalgamated .ompany, as the case 
may be and to lhe extent applicable, may make necessary applications for 
any consent, apprnval or permission of a Government or a Governmental 
Authority or • ny other competent auth rily, In cases where such an 
application has been made, and unlil such consent is obtained, and tl1e 
relevant agreement is renewed, transferred or assign.ed, the Amalgamated adani 
Cement 
63
adani At:t: 
Company shall derive benefits rrom irnd be entitled to exercise all rights 
thcr under, including the r·ight to deal with the underlying assets as the 
ow-ncr / I ·e / licensee/ btmeficiary of such assets, with effect from the 
App inted Date and continue to comply with and fulfil all obligations 
under such doci1ments and ui-rongentent . Further, until the owned 
property, le.asehold properly, prop!!rty sanctioned/allotted by the 
G vemmcntal Authority and related rights thereto, licc11:.;e or right to use 
the immovable property, tenan~y rights, libe11ies and special stan1s shall 
stand transferred, vested, recorch.:d, effected and/or perfected in the record 
of the appropriate authorities in favmu· of the Arnnlgamal d ompany, 
and the Amalgamated ompany shall be deemed to be uuthori ed lo carry 
on business (including the entitleru l1t to occupy and use all premises) in 
the name and style of the Amalgamating Company under the relevant 
agreement, deed, lease and/or I icense, sanction letters/orders , 11s the case 
m11y b1,:, and the Arnalgnmaled oinpany shall keep a record and account 
of such transaction . 
{viii) Until the own d propeliy, lea ehold prope11y, properly sanctioned/allotted 
by the Governme ntal Authority and related rights thereto, license or right 
to use the immovable propel'ty, tennncy rights, libet1ies and special status 
fll'C: tr.in forred, vested, recorded, effected and/or perfected in the record 
of the appropriate authorities in favour of the Amalgamat ed ompany, tb 
Amalgamated Company shall be deemed to be authorised to carry on 
business (including the entitlement to occupy and 1.1 e all premises) in the 
mune and style of the Amalgamating Company under the relevant 
agreumenl, deed, lease an<I/ r license, sanction letters/orders, as the case 
may be, and the Amalgamated ompat1y shall keep a record and acCO"unt 
of such transactions. 
(ix) For purposes of taking on record the name of the Amalgamated Company 
in the records of the overnmental Auth rities in respl:d of transfer of 
immovable properties to the Amalgamated ompany pursuant to this 
Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Am, lgamating Company and the 
A nalgamated ompan may approve the executi n ofsu h documents or 
deeds as may be necessa1·y. 
(x) All letters of intent, requests for proposal, pre-qualifications, bid 
acceptru1ces , ttnders, and other inslrumi:nts of what.soever nature to which 
lhe Amalgamating ompany is a party to or to the benefit of which tb 
Amalgamating Company may be eligible for, shat I renrnin in full force 
and effect against or in favour of the Amalgamated Coinpaoy and may be 
enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Amalgamating 
ompany, the Amalgamated ompany had been a pnrty or beneficiary or 
obligee thereto. Upon coming into effect of the Scheme, the past trai.: 
record of the Amalgamating Company shall be deemed to be the tracl 
rec rd of the Amalgamated 'on pany for all commercial ~wd regulatory 
p1u·poses. 
(x.i) All the security interest over any moveable and/or immoveable prop6rties 
and security in any other form (both present and future) including but not 
,,.--adani 
Cement 
64
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
limited lo any pledges, or guarantees, if any, createcl/exec uted by any 
person in favour of the mal •amating om1)any or any other person 
acting on behalf of or for the bc11ct11 of the Amalgamating Company for 
s 'curing the obligations of the persons to whom the Amalgamatin g 
ompany has advanced loans and granted other funded and non-funded 
financial assist1111ce , by way f I. lter of comfort or through other similar 
instruments shall without any further act, i11slru111ent or deed sta11d vested 
in and be deemed to be vested in favour of the Amalgamated Company 
and th benefit of such security shall be available to the Amalgamated 
ompany as if such curity was ab initio created in favour of the 
Amalgamated Company. The mutation 01· substitution of the charge in 
relati n to the movable and immovable properties of the Am,1lgamating 
Company hall, up n this Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly 
recorded in the name of the Amalgamated ompany by the appropriate 
authorities and third parties (including any depository participants) 
pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribtmal and upon the 
Schem . becoming effective in accordance with the tenns hereof. 
(xii) All clectriciry, gas, water and any other utility con11ections and tariff rate_ 
in respect thereof sanctioned by various public sector and private 
companies. b ard , agenci and authorities to the Amalgamating 
Company, together with security deposits and all other advances paid, 
shall stand automatica lly transfetTed in favour of the Amalgamated 
Company on the an,e tem1 and conditions without any further act, 
instrume11t, deed. matter or thing being made, done 01· executed. Th 
relevant clect..l'i ity, gns; waler and any oth r utility companies, boards, 
agencies and authorities shall issue invoice.5 in th name of the 
Amalgamated ompany with effect from the billing cycle comn1encing 
from the month im1m:diately succeeding the month in which the Effective 
Dn~ falls. The Amalgamated ompany shall comply with the terms. 
condition and covenants a sociatcd with the grant of such connection and 
shall also be entitled to refund of security depo.its plnced with such 
companies, board , agencies and authorities by the Amalgamating 
Company. 
(xiii) All bank accounts operated or entitled to be operated by the 
Amalgamating Company hall be deemed t have been transfen-ed and 
hall stand transfcned to the Amalgamated Company and th name of the 
Amalgamating Company shall be sub titutcd by the name of the 
Amalgamated ompany in the bank's records and the Amalgamated 
Company shall be entitled to operate all bank accounts. realise all monies 
and complete and enforce all pending contracts and transactions in the 
name f the Amalgamating Company to th~ extent ne c sary until the 
transfer of the rights and obligation f the Amalgamating Company to 
the Atnalgan,ated ompany under ihe Scheme is fonnally accepted and 
completed by the pat1i concemcd. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby 
clari tied that all cheques and other negotiable instrum nt , payment order 
received or presented for encashme11t which are in the name of the 
malgamating C mpany after the Effective Date, shall b accepted by the 
bankers of the Amalgamated ompany and credited to the accounts of the adani 
Cement 
65
adani At:t: 
Amalgamated Company, if presented by the Amalgamated Compa1 y. 
Similarly, the banker of the Amalgamated Company shall honour all 
cheques issued by the A_malgamat ing Company for payment after the 
Effective Date. 
(xiv) For avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the generality of any 
applicable provisions of this Scberne, it is clarified that in order to ensure 
the smooth transition and sales of products and htventory of the 
Amalgamating ompany manufactured and/or branded mid/or labelled 
and/or packed in the name of tlle Amalgantaling Company prior to the 
Effective Date, the Amalgamated ompany shall have the right to own, 
use, market, sell, exhaust or to in any manner deal with iiny such product<; 
and inventory (in luding packing mat rial) pertaining. to the 
Amalgamating Company at manufacturing locations or warehouses or 
retail stores or elsewhere , without making any modifications whatsoever 
to such products illid/or their branding, packing or labelling. All invoices/ 
payment related documeflls pertaining to such products and inventory 
(including packing material) may be raised it1 the llillne of the 
Amalgamated Company after lite Effective ate. 
Transfer of Liabilities 
(xv) 
(xvi) 
(xvii) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, all secured and unsecured 
Liabilities howsoever arising to the extent they are outstanding as on thti: 
Effective Dale, shall, putsuanl Lo the provisions of the Act and all other 
applicable provisions of Laws, be di;emed to be the Liabilities of every 
Iciud., nature and description of the Amalgamated ompany on the same 
te1ms and conditions as was applicable to the Amalgamating mpany 
and the Amalgamated ompany undertakes to me t, discharge and satisfy 
the same in terms oft]1eirtenns and conditions, if any. It is hereby clarified 
that it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of nny thjrd party or any 
other person who is a party to any contract or arrangement by virtue of 
which such Liabilities have arisen, in order to give effect to the provisions 
of this taus . 
It is clarified that all Liabilities incurred or unde11aken by th 
A.malgamath1g Company after the Appointed Dato and prior to the 
Effective Date shall also be deemed to h' ve been incurred or undertaken 
for and on behalf of ll1e Amalgamated Company a.nd to the extent they 
are outstandi1lg on the Effectiv Date, shalJ, upon the coming into effect 
of th.is Scheme, pllrsuant to the provisions f th Act and all other 
applicable provisions of Law, without any forther act, instrument or deed 
shall stand transferred to and vested in r be deemed to have been 
transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated mnpany on the same terms 
nod conditions as was applicable to th Amalgamating Company and shall 
become the iabilities of the Amalgamated ompany which shall meet, 
discharge and satisfy the same. 
Where any Liabilities incurred before tJ1e Appointed Date by the 
Amalgmnating Comp11ny, deemed t ave been transferred to the adani 
Cement 
66
ACC Limited
adani At:t: 
Amalgamated ompany by virtue of U1is Scheme, has been discharged by 
Lhe Amalgamaling ompany after the Appointed Date and prioi-lo the 
ffectivc Date, such dis harge sball be deemed to have been for and on 
account of the Amalgamated Company. 
(xviii) Subject lo the necessary consents being obtained in accordance with lhe 
terms of this Scheme, the provisions of this lause shall operate 
notwithstanding anythin to tlP contrary contained in any d eel or writing 
or the tenns or sanction or issue or any secmi1y document, all of which 
inslrnments shall stand modified nnd/ for superseded by the foregoing 
provision. of this Scheme, It is ex.pi sly provided that, no other tenn or 
co11dltions of the Liabilities transfcned to the Amalgamated Compa1\y i 
modified by virtue of this Scheme except to the extent thal such 
11me11drn~111 is required statutorily or by necessary implication. 
Transfer of Encumbrances 
(xix) The transfer and vestmg f movable and immovable properties as stated 
above, shall be subject to ncuinbrnnces , if any, affecting the san,e. 
(xx) All Encumbrances, if any, existing prior lo the ffective Oat over the 
ossets of the Amalgamating Company which secure or relate t any 
liability, shall, alter the Effective Date, without any further act. instrument 
or deed, continue to be relnted and attached to such assets or any pait 
thereof to which they related or were attached prior to the Effective Date 
and as re transferred to the Amalgamated Company. Provided that if any 
of the a sets of the malgamating ompany has not been Encumbered in 
resp ct of the liabilities, such assels shall remain Lmencumbered and rbe 
existing Encumbrau e referred to above hall not be extended to and shall 
not operat over. uch (lssets. tnther, such Encun, brance shall not relate 
or attach to any f the other assets of the Amalgamated C mpany. The 
absence of any fonnal amendment which may be required by a lender or 
trustee or any third party shall not affect the operation of the foregoing 
provisions of this Scheme. 
(:<xi) The exisling ncumlmmces over the other assets and properties f lhe 
Amnlga111ated C mpany r any part 1hereofwhich relate to the liabilities 
and bligations oftbe Amalgama ted ompany prior to the Effective Date 
shall continuo lo relate lei Sllch assets and properties and shall not extend 
lo or attach to any of the assets and propertie of the Amalgama ting 
ontpany transferred to and vested in the Au1algamnled 01npruiy by 
virtue of the Scheme. 
(xxii) ny reference in any secmity documents r arrangements (to \ hi h the 
Amalgamatil g omp 11y is a party) to the Amalgamating Company and 
its assets and properties, shall be con trued as a reference to the 
Amalgan1ated ompany und the assets and properties of the 
Amalgamating ompany trnnsJerred to the Amalgamated Company by 
virtlle of Ibis S heme. Without prejudice lo the foregoing provisions. the 
Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company may execute adani 
Cement 
67
adani At:t: 
any instruments or documents or do all ihe acts and deeds as !llay be 
considered appropriate , including the filing ofnecessary particulars and/or 
rnoditication( ) of charge(s) with rhe RoC to give fonnal effect to the 
above pr visions, if required, 
Transfer of Permits 
(xxiii) All Governmental Approvals and other consents, allotments, concessions , 
c-redits, awt1rds, sanctions, subsidies , rehabilitation schemes, permission s, 
quotas, rights, authorisations, entitlements, no-objection certificates and 
licenses, including those relating to tenancies, pre-qnalifications , bid 
acceptances, tend ts, privileges powers, facillties, letter ofallonnents and 
certificates of every kir,d and desc1iplion of whatsoever nature, to which 
lhe Amalgamating Company is a party or to the benefit of which the 
Amalgamating Company may be entitl d to use or which may be required 
to carry on the operations of the Amalgamatin g ompany, and which ate 
subsisting or in effect immediately pl'ior to the Effeclive Date, including 
the benefits of any appJicati ns made for any of the foregoing, shall be, 
and remain, in full force and effect in fovour of or against the 
A01algama1ed om_pany and may be enfi reed as fully and effecrually as 
if, instead of the Amalgamating Company ; the Amalgamated Company 
had been a party; a beneficiary or an obligee thereto and shall be 
appropriately mumted by the relevant Govertimental Authorities in favour 
of the Amalgamated Company. Tt is hereby clarified that iflh consent of 
any third party or Governmental A 1thority is requfred to gjve effect lo the 
provisions of this louse, tbe sajd thitd party or Governmental Authority 
shall make and duly record the necessary si1bstitution/ end rsement in the 
name of the Amalgamated Company pursuant to the saned n of this 
Scheme by the Tribunal, and upon this Sche1ne becoming effective in 
accordance with the lenns hereof. Fo this purpose, lhe Amalgamated 
Company shall file appropriate applications/ documents with relevant 
authorities concerned fo i.11fonnation and record pll[pO es. 
( ·v) Without prejudice to the generality of the Clauses menti ned above.:, U1e 
assets of the Amalgamating Company shall also include all permits 
(including verification permits), licenses, and any other lice11ses, 
approvals (inch1ding open. access), clearances , sancti ns, authoriti~, 
qu tas, allocations granted to the.: Amalgamating ompany, all municipal 
approvals, panchayat and local a_pproval ·; authorisations , statutory rights, 
pennissions, registrations , certificates, consents, authorities (including for 
the operation of bank accounts), powei'S of attorneys (given by, issued to 
or executed in favour of the Amalgamattng ·ornpany) and benefits of all 
contracts, allotments, consents, quotas, rights, casements, engagements , 
exemption'. e1,titlements , advafltages of whatever natme and howsoever 
named, properties, movable, in possession or reversion, present or 
contingent of wbatsoever nature and where-so-ever sintat • d, Hbet1ies, 
ownerships tights and benefit, earnest tnoneys payable pertaining to the 
assets mentioned in the afores id lauses, all other rights and benefits, 
licenses, powers, privileges and faoiHties of eve.ry kind, nature and 
descriptio" whatsoem ; dght 10 use '"t~j ones. fuosi~•; 'I, 
-:;;-adani 
Cement 
68
ACC Limited

69

70
ACC Limited

71

72
ACC Limited

73

74
ACC Limited

75

76
ACC Limited

77

78
ACC Limited

79

80
ACC Limited

81

82
ACC Limited

83

84
ACC Limited

85

86
ACC Limited

87

88
ACC Limited
Annexure 2
AAnnnneexxuurree  22
89

90
ACC Limited

91

92
ACC Limited

93

94
ACC Limited

95

96
ACC Limited

97

98
ACC Limited

99

100
ACC Limited

101

102
ACC Limited

103

104
ACC Limited

105

106
ACC Limited

107

108
ACC Limited

109

110
ACC Limited
AAnnnneexxuurree  33
Annexure 3
111

112
ACC Limited

113

114
ACC Limited

115

116
ACC Limited

117
Annexure 4
AAnnnneexxuurree  44
118
ACC Limited

119

120
ACC Limited

121

122
ACC Limited

123

124
ACC Limited

125

126
ACC Limited
Annexure 5
AAnnnneexxuurree  55
127

128
ACC Limited

129

130
ACC Limited

131
Annexure 6
AAnnnneexxuurree  66
132
ACC Limited

133
Annexure 7
AAnnnneexxuurree  77
134
ACC Limited

135
Annexure 8
AAnnnneexxuurree  88
136
ACC Limited

137
Annexure 9
AAnnnneexxuurree  99
138
ACC Limited

139
Annexure 10
AAnnnneexxuurree  1100
140
ACC Limited

141

142
ACC Limited

143
Annexure 11
AAnnnneexxuurree  1111
144
ACC Limited

145

146
ACC Limited

147
Annexure 12
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
DDEETTAAIILLSS  OOFF  OONNGGOOIINNGG  AADDJJUUDDIICCAATTIIOONN  &&  RREECCOOVVEERRYY  PPRROOCCEEEEDDIINNGGSS,,  PPRROOSSEECCUUTTIIOONN  
IINNIITTIIAATTEEDD,,  AANNDD  AALLLL  OOTTHHEERR  EENNFFOORRCCEEMMEENNTT  AACCTTIIOONN  TTAAKKEENN,,  IIFF  AANNYY,,  AAGGAAIINNSSTT  TTHHEE  
CCOOMMPPAANNYY,,  IITTSS  PPRROOMMOOTTEERRSS  AANNDD  DDIIRREECCTTOORRSS  
  
A number of litigations are ﬁled against ACC Limited (“Company”) and/or its directors, in 
the normal course of business, and are pending before various forums, which mainly arise in connection/with respect to penalty by Competition Commission of India, demands related to mining levies, land disputes, labour disputes, disputes with vendors, challenge pertaining to State levies. The Company has also ﬁled litigations for recovery of its dues, 
challenging various levies, demand actions initiated against the Company, challenging the 
provisions of the Act/Rules/notiﬁcations, before various courts and forums.  In line with accounting standards, a provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. As at June30, 2026, the Company had a total provision of Rs. 352.41 Crore, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate could be made. For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. As at June 30, 2026, such claims amounted to a total of Rs. 3,386.42 Crore. For cases where the possibility of an 
unfavorable outcome is deemed remote, the Company has not made a provision and has 
not included the claims for such cases in contingent liabilities. Apart from above, other cases are there, which are ﬁled by the Company or against the Company which relates to majorly land disputes, injunction suits, cheque bouncing cases, criminal cases, labour issues, challenging of vires of enactments, environment matters, etc.  The following annexures are enclosed:  
(i) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company as per A
Annnneexxuurree  AA.. 
  
(ii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against directors of the Company as per A
Annnneexxuurree  BB. 
 
(iii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against promoters of the Company as per A
Annnneexxuurree  CC. 
  
 
  
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  
   
148
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  AA  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  
ootthheerr  eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266  
  
((aa)) TTaaxx  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss::  
  
1. The Company was entitled to excise duty incentives for the assessment years 2006-
07 to 2015-16 for its Gagal plant located in the state of Himachal Pradesh. The Company has been contending that the said incentives are in the nature of capital receipts and hence not liable to income tax. However, the Income Tax Department had consistently denied the position and considered these incentives as taxable receipts.  
Post receipt of favourable orders from ITAT, Mumbai, the Commissioner of Income 
Tax (Appeals) in subsequent years has also passed orders in favour of the Company. Consequently, the Revenue Authorities have also passed necessary orders giving effect to ITAT orders and consequential refunds have also been granted.  Accordingly, the management has assessed the risk to be remote and reduced the contingent liability for this matter to nil. There is no further update in this matter.  
2. The company had received Assessment Order for the FY 2019-20 demanding Rs. 102.45 crores towards certain disallowances. 
 
The company had filed appeal against the said order. Recently the company has received favourable order from the Commissioner - Appeals as a result of which the demand of Rs 102.45 crores will get nullified.  
3. The Company has received an order u/s 271(1)(c) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 wherein the Income Tax Department has levied penalty under section 271(1)(c) for the Assessment Year 2015-16. For Financial Year 2014-15 relevant to Assessment Year 2015-16, the Income Tax Department had disallowed certain expenses aggregating to Rs. 49,25,55,868 and consequently alleged such adjustments as 
furnishing inaccurate particulars of income to the extent of such disallowances. 
 Consequent to the same, the Income Tax Department has now levied penalty amounting to Rs.14,22,15,663, i.e. 100% of the tax effect of the aforesaid disallowances.  
4. The Company has received an order u/s 270A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 wherein the Income Tax Department has levied penalty under section 270A(9) for the Assessment Year 2018-19. For the relevant year, the Income Tax Department had disallowed claim for expenditure amounting to Rs. 12,79,60,024 and accordingly 
alleged under-reporting of income to that extent. 
 
 
149
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
Consequent to the said disallowance, the Income Tax Department has levied 
penalty amounting to Rs. 8,85,68,810, i.e., 200% of the tax effect of the aforesaid disallowances.  
Status of Point 3 and Point 4: At present, there is no impact on financial activity 
due to the said penalty demands. The Company is contesting the orders and has filed appeals before the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) within the prescribed timelines and parallelly sought a stay of the penalty demand.  
5. The Company has received an order for the disallowance of excess ITC claimed in the GSTR-3B return as under:  Demand: Rs.5,12,36,686/- (CGST Rs.2,56,18,343/- + SGST Rs.2,56,18,343/-) confirmed under Section 73 of CGST/HGST Act, 2017 read with Section 20 of IGST 
Act,2017. 
 Interest: Applicable on the above demand under Section 50 of CGST/HGST Act, 2017 read with Section 20 of IGST Act, 2017.  Penalty: Rs.51,23,670/- (CGST Rs.25,61,835/- + SGST Rs.25,61,835/-) imposed under Section 73 of CGST/HGST Act, 2017 read with Section 20 of IGST Act, 2017.  Status of Point 5: The Company is taking appropriate steps to appeal against the above Order imposing the demand before the appropriate authority. The Company 
does not foresee any material impact on financial or operational or other activities 
of the Company. 
 
 
((bb)) DDeemmaannddss  ffrroomm  GGoovveerrnnmmeenntt  AAuutthhoorriittiieess  
 (i) In 2012, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) had imposed a penalty of Rs. 1,147.59 crore on the Company concerning alleged contravention of the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002. On Company’s appeal, Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT), initially stayed the penalty and by its final order dated December 11, 2015, set aside the order of the CCI, remanding the matter back to the 
CCI for fresh adjudication and for passing a fresh order. After hearing the matter 
afresh, the CCI had again, by its order dated September 30, 2016, imposed a penalty of Rs. 1,147.59 crore on the Company.  The Company ﬁled an appeal against the said Order before the COMPAT. The COMPAT, vide its interim order dated November 21, 2016 stayed the penalty with a condition to deposit 10% of the penalty amount, in the form of ﬁxed deposit (the said condition has been complied with) and levy of interest of 12% p.a., in case the appeal is decided against the Company. Meanwhile, pursuant to the notiﬁcation issued by the Central Government on May 26, 2017, any appeal, application or 
proceedings before COMPAT were transferred to National Company Law Appellate 
Tribunal (NCLAT). NCLAT, vide its Order dated July 25, 2018, dismissed the 
150
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
Company's appeal and upheld the CCI's order. Against this, the Company appealed 
to the Hon'ble Supreme Court, which by its order dated October 05, 2018, admitted the appeal and directed to continue the interim order passed by the Tribunal. Company’s appeal is pending. 
 (ii) In a separate matter, pursuant to a reference ﬁled by the Director, Supplies and Disposals, Government of Haryana, the CCI by its Order dated January 19, 2017 had imposed a penalty of Rs.35.32 crore on the Company. On Company's appeal, the COMPAT (later transferred to NCLAT) has stayed the operation of CCI's order. The matter is pending for final hearing. 
 
(iii) Director General (Investigation and Registration) ﬁled an application u/s. 10(a)(iii) and Section 37 of MRTP Act (restrictive trade practices) against Cement Manufacturers Association (CMA) and 44 Cement Manufacturers alleging (i) ﬁxing the prices in arbitrary and unjustiﬁed manner; (ii) price hike of about 30% from February 1990 to August 1990; (iii) violation of Section 2(o)(ii) & 33(1)(d) of MRTP 
Act. MRTP Commission passed a “Cease & Desist” Order dated 20.12.2007 in the 
above matter against CMA and 42 Companies. An Appeal has been ﬁled before the Hon’ble Supreme Court with a prayer for stay of the said Order of MRTP Commission. 
 
(iv) The Company has challenged the levy of Singrauli Punarsthapan Charge @ Rs. 300 per tonne over and above the notified price of coal, uniformly across all mines of Northern Coalfields Limited, with effect from May 1, 2025 , by the Northern Coalfields Ltd. under the Price Notification No. CIL/M&S/Pricing/557 dated February 27, 2025, along with its corrigendum dated February 28, 2025, issued by Coal India Limited. The Hon’ble High Court has granted the stay in favour of the Company and the matter is pending adjudication before the Hon’ble Court. 
  
((cc)) DDeemmaanndd  ffrroomm  MMiinniinngg  AAuutthhoorriittiieess  
 
(i) The Company was contesting the renewal of mining lease in the state of Jharkhand for two of its mining leases at Chaibasa, Jharkhand. The Company received demand from the District Mining Officer for Rs. 881 crore on October 05, 2015 as penalty for alleged illegal mining activities carried out by the Company during January 1991 
to September 2014. On January 02, 2015, the Central Government promulgated the 
Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Ordinance, 2015 [subsequently enacted as Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) (Amendment) Act, 2015 in March 2015] amending mining laws with retrospective effect, and decided that all leases granted prior to the ordinance will be deemed to have been automatically renewed until the prescribed period therein. The Company then filed a writ petition before the Hon’ble Jharkhand High Court for directing the State Government to renew both the leases up to March 2030 as per the Ordinance. On October 31, 2015, the High Court passed an interim order in terms of Section 8A(5) of the Ordinance for Quarry II extending the lease up to March 2030 
permitting the Company to commence mining operations after depositing Rs. 48 
crore subject to the outcome of the petition filed by the Company. 
151
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
(ii) The Company has an ongoing dispute with Department of Mines & Geology (DMG), 
Karnataka, over the basis of royalty calculation for the period from 1995-96 to 2022-23 at its Mining Lease in Wadi, Karnataka. The DMG advocates a notional 
limestone consumption factor and had raised a demand of Rs. 792 crore on April 10, 
2024 (later revised to Rs. 257 crore and thereafter to Rs. 492 crore) and blocked the access to the Integrated Lease Management System (‘ILMS’). The Company contends that calculation of royalty on the basis of a fixed notional ratio adopted by the State Government is arbitrary and without basis instead of the actual weighment of limestone. The demand and the actions of the DMG were challenged before the Hon’ble Revisionary Authority, Ministry of Mines which had directed the DMG to take steps restore the access to ILMS.   The Company has filed a writ petition before the Karnataka High Court on 
September 10, 2024 seeking enforcement of the interim order of the Revisionary 
Authority and execution of supplementary mining lease deed. While the matter was pending, the Hon’ble Karnataka High Court directed the DMG to restore access to ILMS subject to a provisional deposit of Rs. 125 crore.  Subsequently, Hon’ble RA passed an order dated 09.09.2025 holding that the State Government could not have adopted notional limestone consumption factor in the absence of any dispute of weighment mechanism. The order passed by Hon’ble RA has been challenged by the State Government by way of Writ Petition 36850 of 2025 before the Hon’ble High Court of Karnataka; however, no stay has been 
granted as of now and the matter is pending for adjudication. 
 The dispute regarding differential royalty also led to delay in executing and concluding the supplementary lease deed with government authorities and a demand of Rs. 482 crore was issued by the DMG towards alleged illegal mining for the period from February 2023 to August 2024 on the ground that the Company did not have a valid mining lease. The Company has disputed the demand on the ground that the mining lease stood extended up to 31.03.2030 by virtue of Section 8A(5) and that the demand is without any basis and has filed a writ petition challenging the same before the Hon’ble Karnataka High Court. The Court has 
ordered that no coercive action shall be taken against the Company till the next 
date of hearing. The matter is pending for final hearing.  The Company is also in receipt of similar demands computed on the basis of a notional limestone consumption factor in the States of Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu. Against this, the Company has filed petitions before the Hon’ble Rajasthan High Court and Hon’ble Tamil Nadu High Court contending that the calculation of royalty on the basis of a fixed notional ratio adopted by the State Government instead of the actual weighment of limestone is arbitrary and without basis.  
 
 
152
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
(iii) The Company had challenged the Notification dated February 17, 1992 issued 
increasing royalty on limestone from Rs. 10/- to Rs. 25/- before the Hon’ble Himachal Pradesh High Court which was rejected vide order dated November 13, 1997. 
Therefore, the State of Himachal Pradesh raised a demand of Rs. 10.25 crore 
towards the differential royalty (Rs.15/-per tonne) which was paid by the Company on February 24, 1998.   Subsequently, an additional demand of Rs. 6.1 crore was raised towards interest under Rule 64-A  of Mineral Concession Rule, 1960 on the delayed payment of 
differential royalty. The Company had challenged the constitutional validity of Rule 64-A which was upheld vide order dated December 23, 2008 and the Company paid the amount demanded. The State of Himachal Pradesh again raised a demand of Rs. 15.86 crore towards interest for delayed payment of the demand for interest 
and the same was challenged by the Company before the Hon’ble Himachal Pradesh 
High Court on the ground that the State Government does not have the power to charge interest on interest. The Hon’ble Himachal Pradesh High Court dismissed the Company’s petition on May 03, 2013, and the Company filed an SLP before the Hon’ble Supreme Court against the order. 
 
The Company has received a demand notice of Rs. 46 crore issued by Collector, Katni towards storage of minerals without obtaining a license under MP Minerals (Prevention of Illegal Mining, Transportation and Storage) Rules, 2022. The Company contends that it was not required to obtain a license and had paid all the 
statutory dues and levies for the said minerals. The Company has also filed a writ 
petition challenging the demand notices before the Hon’ble Madhya Pradesh High Court, and the Hon’ble High Court has stayed the impugned demand notice. Singareni Collieries Ltd, with whom the Company has Fuel Supply Agreements, was seeking to recover contributions amounting to Rs. 12.92 crore towards District Mineral Foundation from January 12, 2015 as against from January 20, 2016, by its Price Notification dated February 09, 2016. The Company contends that the liability for DMF contribution as per the DMF Rules 2015, has to be reckoned from, either the date of coming into force of the DMF Rules (January 12, 2015) or the date of Notification establishing the Trusts (January 20, 2016), whichever is later and has 
filed a writ petition before the Hon’ble Telangana High Court challenging the same. 
The Hon’ble High Court has granted a stay against SCCL’s demand in the interim. 
 (iv) The Company has received demand of INR 3 crore from the Collector, Durg vide its demand order no. 196/Mu.Khanij/A.C.C.-37.85/2025 dated 05.02.2026 for alleged mining in excess of the quantity approved in the mine plan for the years 2002-03 and 2004-05 for Pathariya Limestone Mining Lease-II. The Company has filed a revision application under Section 30 of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 against the demand order by the Collector, Durg. The Company contends that the impugned demand order is arbitrary and time-barred, 
having been issued after over 20 years without any hearing or disclosure of the 
basis of computation. The Company further contends that the notice has been 
153
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
issued in violation of the principles of natural justice since neither a show cause 
notice was issued to the Company nor any opportunity of hearing was given to the Company before imposing the penalty.  
(v) The Company has filed the revision application under Section 30 of the MMDR Act before the Revisionary Authority, Ministry of Mines challenging the order no. 198/Mu.Khanij/A.C.C.-269.95/2025 dated 05.02.2026 issued by Deputy Secretary (Mineral Administration), District Collector (Mineral Branch), directing the Company to deposit penalty for an amount of INR 10 crore for alleged mining in excess of the quantity approved in the mine plan for the years 2001-02 and 2004-05 for Jamul Limestone Mining Lease. The Company contends that the impugned demand order is arbitrary and time-barred, having been issued after over 25 years without any hearing or disclosure of the basis of computation. The Company further contends that the notice has been issued in violation of the principles of natural justice since 
neither a show cause notice was issued to the Company nor any opportunity of 
hearing was given to the Company before imposing the penalty. 
 
(vi) The Company has challenged demand order of INR 5 crore issued by District Mining 
Officer, Yavatmal directing the Company to deposit an amount of INR 4 crore for 
alleged unlawful mining of 10,33,386 metric tonnes of limestone during the period 2006-07 for Govari mining lease, and an amount of INR 36 lakh for alleged unlawful mining of 10.025 MT of limestone during the period 2006-07 for the Sindola mining lease. The Company contends that there was no increase in the production capacity during the said period and that the orders have been issued in violation of the principles of natural justice since neither a show cause notice was issued to the Company nor any opportunity of hearing was given to the Company before imposing the penalty. 
 
(vii) The Company filed the revision application under Section 30 of the Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 (MMDR Act) before the Revisionary Authority, Ministry of Mines challenging the order no. DoMG-RYLT-MISC-0046-2025-1203/DoMG dated 31.01.2026 issued by the Director of Mines and Geology 
rejecting the Company’s application for grant of Mining Dues Clearance Certificate 
(MDCC) on the ground of non-payment of outstanding dues of INR 81 crore, which are sub judice before different forums. The Hon’ble RA vide its order dated 17.03.2026 has stayed the impugned order dated 31.01.2026 and has issued directions to the authority to issue MDCC certificate to the Company. 
  
((dd)) IInnffrraassttrruuccttuurree  aanndd  EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt  CCeessss  
  
The Company has filed a writ petition before Chhattisgarh High Court against the levy of Chhattisgarh (Adhosanrachna Vikas Evam Paryavaran) Upkar Adhiniyam, 2005 (“CG Cess Act”). The company contends that despite the law settled by the Hon’ble Division Bench of Chhattisgarh High Court in the Shree Cement’s matter where it was held that surface rent is contractual payment distinguished from land revenue and therefore CG Cess Act will not be 
applicable to mining leases on which no land revenue is payable. 
154
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
((ee)) EEnneerrggyy  DDeevveellooppmmeenntt  CCeessss  
  
(i) The State of Chhattisgarh imposed a cess under the Chhattisgarh Upkar 
(Sansodhan) Adhiniyam, 2004 @10 Paise per unit on sale or consumption of 
electricity generated by CPPs and consequently, raised a demand on the 
Company for the said cess. The Company challenged the demand before the Hon’ble Chattisgarh High Court which allowed the petition and set aside the demand. The State Government has filed an SLP before the Hon’ble Supreme Court challenging the order of the Hon’ble Chhattisgarh High Court. 
 (ii) The State of MP had also imposed a similar cess @0.20 Paise per unit on generation of electricity on CPPs. The levy was challenged by the Company before the Hon’ble Madhya Pradesh High Court and thereafter before the Hon’ble Supreme Court, which held the levy on generation as unconstitutional. 
Thereafter, the Government of Madhya Pradesh amended the provisions levying 
the cess on self consumption by CPPs. The Company again challenged the amended provision before the Hon’ble Madhya Pradesh High Court which was dismissed. The Company has filed an SLP before the Hon’ble Supreme Court. All similar matters of other States have been tagged together and are pending for final hearing.  
((ff)) MMaatttteerrss  ppeerrttaaiinniinngg  ttoo  EElleeccttrriicciittyy  RReegguullaattiioonnss  
 (i) The Company has filed a writ petition before the Hon’ble Karnataka High Court 
challenging the Procedures issued by the KERC and CEA with respect to 
verification of captive status of CGPs/ captive consumers, on the ground that the same are contrary to the provisions of Electricity Rules, 2005 (as amended) as well as the levy of cross subsidy surcharge and additional surcharge on the captive power consumed from its holding company’s power plant at Khavda, Gujarat. The Company contends that the impugned Procedures are arbitrarily denying the benefits of captive consumption to consumers, which are otherwise eligible for availing the aforementioned captive benefits in terms of Rule 3 of the Electricity Rules, 2005.   
The Company has similarly challenged the levy of cross subsidy surcharge and 
additional surcharge before the Hon’ble Himachal Pradesh High Court and the matter is pending for final hearing. 
 
 
((gg)) CCiivviill  RReeccoovveerriieess  &&  AArrbbiittrraattiioonn  
  
An application has been filed against the Company under Section 9 of the IBC, 2016 before the NCLT, Ahmedabad alleging non-payment of due amount of Rs. 1.9 crore for supply of transit mixers.   
 
 
155
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
There are a total of 44 cases pending before High Courts, Civil Courts, Tribunals 
and Arbitration Tribunals filed against the Company involving a total stake of Rs. 68.02 crore out of which there is a provision of INR 8.55 crore, contingent liability of INR 44.2 crore and the disputed liability of Rs. 13.91 crore has been 
considered as remote. The matters include suit for damages, civil disputes with 
railway authorities, civil recoveries by private parties and claims made by distributors and other civil cases. This also includes recoveries pertaining to short-lifting of fly ash under the agreements. 
 
(
(jj))      CCoonnssuummeerr  DDiissppuutteess  
  
There are 96 cases before the Consumer Disputes Redressal Forums against the Company involving a stake of approximately Rs. 7.24 crore. The cases 
inter  alia 
allege that the Company has supplied bad quality cement to the consumers and 
these matters are pending before various District Consumer Disputes Redressal 
Commissions, State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions and National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. The Company has assessed a contingent liability of Rs. 0.025 crore and the disputed liability of Rs. 7.22 crore has been assessed as remote. 
 (
(kk))      OOtthheerr  ddiissppuutteess  
  
(i) Land related matters: There are total of 83 land related matters pending before the High Courts, Civil Courts and Adjudicating Authorities involving disputes of 
enhancement of land compensation under the Right to Fair Compensation and 
Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 and old Act, rehabilitation and resettlement issues, raised by the land losers, applications for grant of working permissions.  
(ii) Matters related to labour disputes: There are 150 labour cases pending before various labour courts, industrial tribunals, civil courts, High Courts across the country involving disputes of permanent employment, termination from service, reinstatement with back wages, contractual workmen issues, regularization and other industrial disputes. 
 
(iii) Cheque bouncing matter: There are 100 cases of cheque bouncing filed by the 
Company under Section 138 Negotiable Instruments Act 1881 against various dealers/customers which are pending before various courts and High Courts across the country.  
(iv) There are 51 more cases filed by / against the Company, pending before various forums / courts, pertaining to Environment, IPR, Motor Accident Claims, Transport Societies related issues in Himachal Pradesh, challenging validity of provisions introduced via amendments / notifications in the enactments, etc. 
 
 
156
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
(v) There are cases filed by company for recovery of dues from the vendors/ third parties. 
 
(vi) The Office of the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, vide its order dated July 28, 2025, 
had imposed penalties on the Company and its officers for default under the 
provisions of Section 203(1)(ii) of the Act, read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. The Company has filed an appeal against the said order with the Office of the Regional Director (North-Western Region), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, on September 24, 2025. The Company has made the payment of applicable penalty as on June 27, 2026. 
157
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  BB  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  ootthheerr  
eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  ddiirreeccttoorrss  ooff  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266..  
  
OOnnggooiinngg  ccrriimmiinnaall  mmaatttteerrss  aaggaaiinnsstt  ddiirreeccttoorrss  ooff  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  
 
Proceedings have been initiated against Mr. Ajay Kapur, (former WTD and CEO, ACC) before 
the CJM Katni under Section 31(1) read with 33 of the Industrial Disputes Act allegedly for termination of a workman during conciliation proceedings. The Company has challenged the initiation of the proceedings before the Hon’ble Madhya Pradesh High Court seeking quashing of the proceedings before CJM, Katni.  
   
A private criminal complaint (Case No. 7219/2020) was filed on 24 December 2020 by the 
U.P. Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) against the Company and nine (9) former directors 
(namely Falguni Sanjay Nair, Shailesh Vishnubhai Haribhakti, Vinayak Chatterjee, Sundaram Damodaran Nair, Martine Kriegner, Sunil Mehta, Shushil Kumar Roongta, Narottam Sekhsaria, Mangalam Ramasubramanian Kumar). The complaint alleges environmental violations at the RMX Plant in Sahibabad, Uttar Pradesh, based on inspections conducted in 2019 and 2020, which is disputed by the Company. The Company has challenged the issuance of summons before Allahabad High Court (Lucknow Bench) and the Court has set aside the summons issued by the Special Judicial Magistrate, Lucknow against the Company and its former directors and remanded the matter for reconsideration. 
 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has issued a Show Cause Notice to Mr. Karan Adani alleging that Mr. Karan Adani (as the then CEO, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited ("APSEZ") failed to protect the assets of APSEZ by failing to recall security deposits advanced to PMC Projects (India) Private Limited and therefore, alleged to have non-compliant and violated of the code of conduct of APSEZ. Mr. Karan Adani has filed the settlement application along with settlement terms with the SEBI. SEBI has accepted the settlement terms and the final settlement order is awaited. The settlement order of SEBI will dispose off the matter in favor of Mr. Karan Adani. This matter does not relate to the Company. 
  
 
158
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  CC  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  ootthheerr  
eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  AAmmbbuujjaa  CCeemmeennttss  LLiimmiitteedd  ((PPrroommootteerr))  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  
3300,,  22002266  
 
((aa)) TTaaxx  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss::  
  
DDiirreecctt  TTaaxxeess  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 44.95 crore, mainly pertaining to income tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in the 
Company’s own cases and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes 
that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly, the Company has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 2026. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Company.     
 
Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 44.95 crore: 
 
 Rs. 44.95 crore related to appeals filed by the Company or the tax authorities 
with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income tax, where the Company is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel. The key disputed liabilities were: 
 
- Rs. 25.61 crore related to whether CSR contribution is eligible for deduction u/s 80G of the Income Tax Act. This ground is allowed by CIT(A) and Revenue is in appeal before ITAT. In this regard, the Company believes to win this ground at ITAT level as well. 
 
- Rs. 3.19 crore related to the tax and interest demand pertaining to change in 
head of income from Capital Gain to Business Income. The Company had earned a profit of Rs. 12.37 crore from sale of land at Andhra Pradesh. After indexation benefit, the Company had offered Rs. 5.52 crore as Long-Term Capital Gain in the Return of Income. The Assessing Officer has considered the entire profit as Business Income and added back the differential amount of Rs. 6.85 crore to the total income. 
 
- Rs. 16.15 crore related to miscellaneous grounds where the Company has either favourable orders in its own case, or the chance of winning is certain.     
159
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
TTaaxx  AAsssseessssmmeennttss  //  RReeaasssseessssmmeennttss  //  RReevviissiioonnss  
 
 The company received both revision and reassessment orders u/s 263 and 147 
r.w.s 143(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for the FY 2018-19 dated March 25, 2026 and March 27, 2026 respectively. The Revenue Authorities raised the final demand of Rs, 148.31 crore vide order dated March 27, 2026. This demand includes net demand of Rs.98.15 crore as per assessment order dated September 29, 2022 and the remaining amount of Rs. 50.16 crore are due to a major disallowance u/s 14A, i.e., disallowance of expense towards earning exempt income in the revision order dated March 25, 2026.  
The company has filed appeals against both the aforesaid orders including the 
assessment order dated September 29, 2022. As the matter is already in favour of the Company in earlier years, the tax impact of the said disallowances as per all the three orders are considered as remote.  
 The company received reassessment order u/s 147 r.w.s 143(3) of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 for the FY 2020-21 dated March 28, 2026 on April 13, 2026 
wherein the Revenue Authorities raised the final demand of Rs. 40.45 crore. This demand includes net demand of Rs. 24.80 crore as per assessment order dated January 31, 2024 and the remaining amount of Rs. 15.65 crore are due to addition u/s 68 rws 115BBE of the Income Tax Act, 1961. 
 
The company has filed appeal against the aforesaid order including the assessment order dated January 31, 2024. Considering the merit of the grounds, the tax impact of the said disallowances as per both the aforesaid orders are considered as remote. 
 
 The company received assessment order u/s 143(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 
for the FY 2013-14 dated June 2, 2026 on June 30, 2026. The Revenue Authorities has determined a total refund of Rs. 398.84 crore (including interest of Rs. 92.04 crore) mainly due to claim of depreciation on goodwill amounting to Rs. 706.87 crore granted based on the favourable BAR order 
dated February 28, 2024. The AO has still made certain disallowances in the 
assessment order as well as made error in computing the tax and interest due to the company.  The company has filed appeal against the said impugned order on July 30, 2026, i.e., within the prescribed time. Considering the merit of the grounds, the tax impact of the same are duly considered in the PPR Analysis. 
   
 
  
160
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
IInnddiirreecctt  TTaaxxeess  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs.396 crore, 
mainly pertaining to indirect tax demands by the Government of India’s tax 
authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax 
demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favourable decisions in the Company’s own cases and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and accordingly, the Company has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 2026. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Company.      Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 396 crore, the key disputed liabilities were: 
  
- Rs.248 crore related to the differential amount of Sales Tax benefit under 
Rajasthan State incentive Scheme.   
- Rs.42 crore related to differential custom duties on account of classification of imported coal.   
- Rs.38 crore related to Entry Tax issue on stock transfer of cement & other goods like limestone in multiple states.  
- Rs.21 crore involves miscellaneous cases under various materials under different 
State VAT laws. 
 
- Rs.47 crore involves miscellaneous cases under Central Excise and Goods & Service Tax laws. 
 
((bb)) CCuussttoommss  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss::  
  
(i) The Company in 2018 imported 4, wheel loaders for loading limestone in mines, in dump trucks from China and filed Bill of Entry (B/E) dated November 3, 2018 classifying the goods under CTH 84295100 and paid applicable Customs Duty. Thereafter, the Company imported 2 similar wheel loaders from Japan in 2019 and filed B/E dated May 13, 2019 classifying under CTH 84295900 and availed concessional rate of customs duty under Notification No. 69/2011-Cus dated July 29, 2011. 
 
SCN dated January 5, 2024 was issued by Commissioner of Customs (Import-I), Ballard Estate, Mumbai alleging mis-declaration to avail concessional duty benefit and accordingly proposed to recover differential duty of Rs.54.61 lakhs along with interest and penalty. Commissioner, vide Order dated August 30, 
2024, without considering the matter stand covered in favour of the Company, 
confirmed the demand with interest and imposed fine & penalties. The Company has filed appeal before CESTAT, Mumbai. The matter is currently pending. 
161
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
(ii) The Company imported P84 Polyamide Filter Bags for Kiln and Raw Mill de-dusting bag filter under project import scheme and filed Bill of Entry No. 884969 dated March 4, 2009 for clearance thereof classifying the goods under 
chapter heading 9801. The Company paid duty @ 4%. 
 
However, based on Audit Objection in 2016, Customs Department after 16 years 
from the date of import, issued SCN dated November 11, 2025 proposing to reclassify the goods under chapter 8421 attracting CVD @ 8% and consequent recovery of differential duty Rs.23,00,497/- along with interest and imposition of fine and penalty. Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai without considering the matter stand covered in favour of the Company, vide Order dated May 14, 2026 confirmed the demand along with interest and imposed fine & penalty. The Company has filed appeal before Commissioner of Customs 
(Appeals), Mumbai. The matter is currently pending. 
 
(
(cc)) DDeemmaannddss  ffrroomm  GGoovveerrnnmmeenntt  AAuutthhoorriittiieess::  
  
(iii) In 2012, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) had imposed a penalty of 
Rs. 1,163.91 crore on the Company concerning alleged contravention of the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002. On Company’s appeal, Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT), initially stayed the penalty and by its final order dated December 11, 2015, set aside the order of the CCI, remanding the matter back to the CCl for fresh adjudication and for passing a fresh order. 
 
After hearing the matter afresh, the CCI had again, by its order dated September 30, 2016, imposed a penalty of Rs.1,163.91 crore on the Company. The Company filed an appeal against the said Order before the COMPAT. The COMPAT, vide its interim order dated November 21, 2016 has stayed the penalty with a condition to deposit 10% of the penalty amount, in the form of fixed deposit (the said condition has been complied with) and levy of interest of 12% p.a., in case the appeal is decided against the appellant. Meanwhile, pursuant to the notification issued by Central Government on May 26, 2017, any appeal, application or proceeding before COMPAT is transferred to National Company 
Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT). 
 
NCLAT, vide its Order dated July 25, 2018, dismissed the Company's appeal and 
upheld the CCI's order. Against this, the Company appealed to the Hon'ble Supreme Court, which by its order dated October 5, 2018, admitted the appeal and directed to continue the interim order passed by the Tribunal. Company’s appeal is pending. 
   
 
 
162
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
(iv) In a separate matter, pursuant to a reference filed by the Director, Supplies and 
Disposals, Government of Haryana, the CCI by its Order dated January 19, 2017 had imposed a penalty of Rs. 29.84 crore on the Company. On Company's appeal, the COMPAT (later transferred to NCLAT) has stayed the operation of 
CCI's order. The matter is listed before NCLAT and is pending for hearing. 
 
(v) Director General (Investigation and Registration) filed an application u/s. 
10(a)(iii) and Section 37 of MRTP Act (restrictive trade practices) against Cement Manufacturers Association (CMA) and 44 Cement Manufacturers alleging (i) fixing the prices in arbitrary and unjustified manner; (ii) price hike of about 30% from February 1990 to August 1990; (iii) violation of Section 2(o)(ii) & 33(1)(d) of MRTP Act. MRTP Commission passed a “Cease & Desist” Order dated December 20, 2007 in the above matter against CMA and 42 Companies. An Appeal has been filed before the Hon. Supreme Court with a prayer for stay 
of the said Order of MRTP Commission. 
 
(vi) The Collector of Stamps, Delhi vide its order dated August 7, 2014, directed 
erstwhile Holcim (India) Private Limited (HIPL) (merged with the Company) to pay stamp duty (including penalty) of Rs.287.88 crore (March 31, 2023 – Rs.287.88 crore) on the merger order passed by Hon'ble High Court of Delhi. HIPL had filed a writ petition, and the Hon'ble High Court of Delhi disposed the matter in favour of the Company vide judgement dated November 6, 2024. Collector of Stamps has filed a Letters Patent Appeal against the judgement dated November 6, 2024 before Hon’ble Delhi High Court. 
 
(vii) The State of Gujarat issued circular by which gas used for the purpose of fuel 
was included within the meaning of the terms consumables stores under section 15B of the Gujarat Sales tax Act, 1969 and was admissible as set off. The State further issued another circular dated September 2, 2005 by which the circular dated February 19, 2001 was declared void ab initio and stated natural gas to not to be considered as consumable goods w.e.f. February 19, 2001 and subsequently, the State disallowed the set off of the light diesel oil as claimed in returns filed for the assessment year 2001-02 onwards. The writ petition filed by various companies challenging the circular dated September 2, 
2005 and same was allowed by the High Court of Gujarat vide order dated June 
28, 2007. Being aggrieved to the said order of the High Court, the State of Gujarat filed a SLP before Supreme Court of India which is pending. 
 
(viii) Scheme of Amalgamation of Holcim (India) Private Limited with the Company, which was sanctioned by the High Court of Gujarat on March 18, 2014 with an appointed date of April 1, 2013. The Company paid Rs. 10.00 crore as stamp duty based on the rate applicable on the appointed date. However, an amendment on May 15, 2013 increased the maximum stamp duty to Rs. 25.00 crore. The Collector of Stamp issued a show cause notice to the Company for 
not paying the revised duty within the stipulated time. Despite Company’s 
representation, the Collector directed the Company to pay the deficit stamp 
163
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
duty and a penalty. The Company filed a Stamp Reference before the High 
Court, arguing that the appointed date should determine the stamp duty. Gujarat High Court vide order dated February 10, 2023 ruled in favor of the Company, stating that the levy of stamp duty should be based on the appointed 
date and not the date of the High Court's sanction. The Collector had no 
authority to impound the instrument or levy a penalty. Aggrieved by the judgement of the High Court, Chief Controlling Revenue Authority has preferred a SLP before Hon’ble Supreme Court and the same is pending for adjudication. 
 
(ix) An Appeal has been filed by the State of Gujarat before the Hon. Supreme Court, against the judgement passed by the High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad. w.r.t. whether levy of stamp duty on the “bill of entry” submitted by the importer, can be said as a delivery orders in respect of goods (i.e. an instrument entitling any person to the delivery of goods). Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat allowed the 
Appeal. 
 
(x) The Company is claiming a refund of excess Stamp Duty (Rs. 22.47 crore) and 
Registration Fees (Rs. 4.58 crore) levied by the Government of Gujarat in relation to the execution of the Mining Lease for the Mudhvay Limestone Block allotted to erstwhile Adani Cementation Limited. The Company contends that the authorities incorrectly calculated the duties based on the total mineral resources of 324 million tonnes from the initial Geological Report, rather than the lower extractable reserves under the approved mining plan and the subsequent reduction in the lease area due to the exclusion of forest land. The 
Company paid the assessed amounts to meet the statutory lease execution 
deadline and is pursuing the dispute to recover the excess payment. 
 
(xi) An amalgamation between Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (GACL) & Indo Nippon Special Cement Limited (INSCL) occurred by virtue of Hon'ble Gujarat High Court order dated January 9, 2007 under section 394 of the Companies Act, 1956 and with this all the movable and immovable property of the INSCL got vested with GACL. With effect to it, GACL filed application for the valuation of the Stamp and by virtue of it, the Ld. District Collector Stamps valued the property in total of Rs. 1,21,000/- vide order dated April 26, 2010. Being 
aggrieved with the said order the State of Rajasthan through Sub-Registrar filed 
a revision petition giving effect on various grounds like omission on acting on payable stamp duty on immovable properties, ignoring the applicability of conveyance which the Company has deliberately avoided to secure the interest towards nonpayment of stamp duty on conveyance etc. and same got dismissed on June 28, 2017 by Rajasthan Tax Board. Being aggrieved with such dismissal of the revision petition, the State has now approached the Hon'ble High Court of Rajasthan on the grounds that Tax Board has erroneously ignored the action on stamp duty payable on immovable property/conveyance and favoured the amalgamation of GACL & INSCL by way of calculating stamp duty payable on 
cancelled equity shares. 
 
 
164
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
(xii) The Company has challenged the invocation of Bank Guarantee (BG) by the 
Ministry of Coal, vide its order dated August 4, 2015, by way of writ petition before the Hon’ble Delhi High Court. The Ministry of Coal has issued show cause notice for invocation of BG on the ground of non-compliance of the efficiency 
parameters with regard to the operations of Dahegaon Coal Block, which was 
allotted to Joint Venture formed by the Company along with others. The total BG invoked was Rs.3.69 crore (approx.), out of which the Company’s part is Rs.69 lakhs. The block was canceled pursuant to the Hon’ble Supreme Court judgement in M L Sharma matter. The writ petition is pending.  
(xiii) Demand of recovery of alleged amount of Rs.449 crore (including interest) by filing of nine suits in the year 2002 against GACL has been raised by Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) collected by Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) for supplying cement to SSNNL 
pursuant to various tenders (1989 to 1995). The Rajpipla Civil Court heard the 
matters, and GACL made an application under order 7 rule 11 of CPC, for rejection of suit on the ground of limitation, which was rejected by the Court. GACL has preferred Civil Revision Application before the High Court of Gujarat. In the said Revision Application, High Court has granted stay vide order April 28, 2015 on the proceedings of lower Court. The Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat vide its order dated July 15, 2025 was pleased to reject the Special Civil Application (revised from Revision Application) filed by Ambuja and remanded the matter back to Civil Court Rajpipla for hearing. The matter is currently pending for hearing.   
 
 
((dd)) DDeemmaanndd  ffrroomm  MMiinniinngg  AAuutthhoorriittiieess  
  
(i) Demand for differential royalty on Marl Mineral: The State Government of Gujarat has increased the rate of royalty on Marl mineral and demanded arrears of royalty as per new rate from the year 2003. Against the said demand, Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) filed a Special Civil Application. The petition is pending. 
 
(ii) Illegal mining demand in Jaitaran, Rajasthan: Mining Engineer, Sojat issued 
show cause notice dated March 12, 2013 against the Company wherein it is 
stated that the Company had done unauthorized mining outside of demarcated boundary and extracted 16,18,191 tons of minerals and dispatched illegally. Director General of Mines has demanded the Company to pay a sum of Rs.38.85 crore as penalty towards the cost of alleged illegal mining. The Company has challenged the said demand before Additional District Judge, Jaitaran and the same is pending.    
 
 
165
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
(iii) The Company has challenged the show cause / demand notice issued by Mining 
Department, Rajasthan under the Mineral Concession Rules, for payment of interest on delayed payment of royalty by the Company, for the period 1997 to 2013, by filing a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan, 
Jodhpur Bench. The total interest amount is Rs.1.66 crore. The interim stay is 
there in Company’s favour and the petition is pending.  
(iv) State of Chhattisgarh issued demand for unauthorized use of water accumulated in mining pits by consuming the same for its Cement plant and Captive Power Plant (CPP) by the Company. A demand of Rs.1,18,50,239 was raised by Water Resources Construction Division, Kasdol. The Company has challenged the demand before Hon’ble High Court and interim stay was granted against the impugned demand notice. The petition filed by Ambuja Cements Limited in Chhattisgarh High Court against the alleged demands is pending. 
 
(v) The Company (Sanghi Industries Limited, which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) has filed a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the demand and attachment orders issued by the Taluka Development Officer, Lakhpat, for recovery of Rs. 1.17 crore (including penalty) towards land revenue on lands granted for mining purposes. The Company contends that under the specific terms of the mining lease agreement, the leased lands are explicitly exempt from the payment of land revenue since surface rent and royalty are already being paid. The matter is pending. 
 
(vi) The Company has challenged the levy of Singrauli Punarsthapan Charge @ Rs. 300 per tonne over and above the notified price of coal, uniformly across all mines of Northern Coalfields Limited, with effect from May 1, 2025, by the Northern Coalfields Ltd. under the Price Notification No. CIL/M&S/Pricing/557 dated February 27, 2025, along with its corrigendum dated February 28, 2025, issued by Coal India Limited. The Hon’ble High Court has granted the stay in favour of the Company and the matter is pending adjudication before the Hon’ble Court. 
 (
(ee)) EEnneerrggyy  DDeevveellooppmmeenntt  CCeessss::  
 
The provision of Chhattisgarh Upkar (Sansodhan) Adhiniyam, 2004 has been challenged by the Company by which State of Chhattisgarh levied Energy Development Cess on producer of the electricity @ 10 paisa per unit on the electrical energy sold or supplied to a consumer or consumed by himself or his employees by his captive power unit. The Chhattisgarh High Court has decided the matter in favour of the Company and presently matter is sub-judice before Hon’ble Supreme Court on the SLP filed by the State of Chhattisgarh. 
  
 
 
166
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
((ff)) IInnffrraassttrruuccttuurree  aanndd  EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt  CCeessss  
 
The Company has filed a writ petition before Chhattisgarh High Court against the levy of Chhattisgarh (Adhosanrachna Vikas Evam Paryavaran) Upkar Adhiniyam, 2005 
(“CG Cess Act”). The company contends that despite the law settled by the Hon’ble 
Division Bench of Chhattisgarh High Court in the Shree Cement’s matter where it was held that surface rent is contractual payment distinguished from land revenue and therefore CG Cess Act will not be applicable to mining leases on which no land revenue is payable.  
(
(gg)) MMaatttteerrss  rreellaattiinngg  ttoo  EEmmppllooyyeeeess  PPrroovviiddeenntt  FFuunndd    
  
(i) Rajasthan: Regional Provident Fund Commissioner passed an order directing the Company to pay Rs.25.01 crore towards dues with respect to provident fund 
contributions under the EPF & MP Act. The Company has filed a writ petition 
challenging the final order before the Rajasthan High Court at Jodhpur. Interim stay is there in favour of the Company and the matter is pending for adjudication. 
 
(ii) Himachal Pradesh: The Company has challenged the award passed by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (RPFC), Shimla wherein RPFC has held that the Company and transport society were jointly and severally liable to deposit Rs.8.23 crore for the period 2007 to 2010, on the ground transport workers engaged in transportation activity of the Company are contract 
employees w.r.t EPF Act. An Appeal filed against the order of RPFC, Shimla 
before the Central Government Industrial Tribunal (CGIT), Chandigarh. 
 
In separate proceedings for the period 1995 to 2007, RPFC vide its order assessed PF contribution of Rs.29 crore in respect of Transport Worker payable by the Company. A Writ Petition was filed by the Company before the Punjab & Haryana High Court challenging the order of RPFC, Chandigarh, however, the High Court dismissed this petition on the surmise of alternate remedy being available and directed us to approach the CGIT.  
Now both the matters are pending before CGIT, Chandigarh. 
 
(iii) Punjab: The Company’s Ropar Unit had received a notice for non-compliance of 
PF contribution towards workers of Transporters wherein RPFC held that Company is the principal employer for transporter’s engaged as contract workmen with the Company and directed the Company to make a contribution as per provision of the EPF Act. Aggrieved by the RPFC’s Order, the Company  filed a Writ Petition before the Punjab and Haryana High Court for setting aside the said Order. The writ petition is pending before the Hon’ble High Court. 
 
 
 
167
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
((hh)) MMaatttteerrss  ppeerrttaaiinniinngg  ttoo  EElleeccttrriicciittyy  RReegguullaattiioonnss  
 
(i) The Company has filed a Special Civil Application (SCA No. 8579 of 2006) 
before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the orders and demand 
notices issued by the Office of the Commissioner of Electricity Duty to the erstwhile Sanghi Industries Limited. The dispute pertains to the period from 2002-2012 wherein Sanghi Industries Limited (which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) has claimed exemption from payment of electricity duty as per the provisions of Gujarat Electricity Duty Act 1958. The Hon'ble High Court has granted ad-interim relief staying the operation of the demand notices, subject to an undertaking filed by the Company, and the matter is currently pending for adjudication.   
(ii) Paschim Gujarat Vish Company Limited (PGVCL): Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (GUVNL) issued a letter to Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL”, now Ambuja Cements Limited), whereby power bill was revised retrospectively. Aggrieved by this, the Company has filed a Petition before the Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) at Ahmedabad. GERC decided the said matter in favour of the Company. After more than three years, the GUVNL has filed a case praying to set aside the order of GERC and confirm the bill raised by GUVNL.   
(iii) Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission: An Appeal has been filed by the 
Company under Electricity Act, 2003, against the order passed by Rajasthan 
Electricity Regulatory Commission ("RERC"), Jaipur in Petition wherein increase in cross subsidy surcharge from Rs.0.18 to Rs.1.48, per unit was allowed. APTEL has remanded back the matter to RERC. The matter is pending. 
 
(iv) The Company has filed a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan at Jodhpur (Bench) challenging the retrospective recovery of power factor surcharge on electricity by the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commissioner, for Company’s plant at Rajasthan. The matter is pending. 
 
(v) The Company has filed a petition challenging the restriction on its scheduled 
power transactions imposed due to non ‑payment of bilateral transmission 
charges by Essel Saurya Urja Rajasthan Ltd. The Company has contended that, as a non ‑defaulting generator, it cannot be subjected to curtailment of open 
access and denial of power market participation due to third ‑party defaults and 
has sought restoration of its contractual and market rights. The matter is 
pending. 
 
(vi) The Company has filed an appeal before the Applellate Tribunal for Electricity challenging the order passed by RERC, whereby additional surcharge of Rs. 0.80 per KWh was levied on open access consumers. The matter is pending. 
 
168
ACC Limited
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
(vii) The Company has filed a complaint against the electricity board for 
non‑reduction of contract demand from 32 MVA to 26 MVA. The Company has 
sought reduction of the contract demand along with compensation for financial 
loss at the rate of Rs. 20 lakh per month from October 2025, along with interest. The matter is pending.  
(viii) The Company (Sanghi Industries Limited, which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) filed a writ petition before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the constitutional validity of the Gujarat Green Cess Act, 2011, which levied a cess on the generation of electricity. The High Court 
declared the Act ultra vires the Constitution and void, holding that the State 
Legislature lacks the competence to levy a tax on the generation of electricity. The State of Gujarat has moved to the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India against the Order. The matter is pending.  
 
(
(ii)) MMaatttteerrss  rreellaatteedd  ttoo  EEmmppllooyyeeee  SSttaattee  IInnssuurraannccee  CCoorrppoorraattiioonn  ((EESSIICC))  
 
Demand for contribution under the Employee State Insurance   Act was raised by the 
department for a period wherein the Company did not have exemption for contribution under the Employees State Insurance Act, for its Unit at Rajasthan. A 
total demand of Rs.1.91 crore is raised and the same is challenged via three petitions 
before Employee State Insurance  
 Court, Jaipur. The Company has challenged the 
computation of demand as the Company provided better facilities to the workmen even otherwise mentioned in the Act and also demand raised during the exemption period and has also deposited a sum of Rs.1.46 crore before the Employee State Insurance 
 Court.   
 (
(jj)) CCiivviill  RReeccoovveerriieess  &&  AArrbbiittrraattiioonn  
 
There are a total of 84 cases pending before Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts 
and Arbitration Tribunals wherein a total stake of Rs.174.26 crore out of which there 
is a provision of Rs.15.37 crore, contingent liability of Rs.64.69 crore and remote of Rs.94.26 crore. The matters include suit for damages, arbitrations, civil disputes with railway authorities, civil recoveries by private parties and claims made by distributors and other civil cases. This also includes recoveries pertaining to short-lifting of fly ash under the agreements.  
 (
(kk)) CCoonnssuummeerr  DDiissppuutteess  
 
There are 31 cases before the Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission against the 
Company involving a stake of approximately Rs.1.93 crore. The cases allege that 
Company has supplied bad quality of cement to the consumers and these matters are pending before various District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions, State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions and National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. Contingent liability of possible cases is Rs.0.66 crore and the cases falling where remote possibility involves a stake of Rs.1.27 crore.  
169
  
AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd    
RReeggiisstteerreedd  OOffffiiccee::    
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,   
Near Vaishnodevi Circle  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  Ph +91 79-2656 5555  
www.acclimited.com  
CIN: L26940GJ1936PLC149771 
 
 
((ll)) OOtthheerr  ddiissppuutteess  
 
(i) Land related matters: There are a total of 81 land related matters pending 
before the Hon. Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts and Adjudicating 
Authorities involving disputes of enhancement of land compensation under the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 and old Act, rehabilitation and resettlement issues, raised by the land losers.  
 
(ii) Matters related to labour disputes: There are 143 labour cases pending before various labour courts, industrial tribunals, civil courts, High Courts across the country involving disputes of permanent employment, termination from service, reinstatement with back wages, contractual workmen issues, regularization and 
other industrial disputes. 
 
(iii) Disputes involving temporary, mandatory and prohibitory Injunctions: There are 
total of 68 cases by and against the Company pending before various civil courts across the country which involves seeking of injunction by the Company against dharnas, strikes, demonstrations in and around the land and factory of the Company, encroachment on Company’s land, specific performance for execution of sale deeds and injunction by third parties and declaration suits. 
 
(iv) Cheque bouncing matter: There are 41 cases of cheque bouncing filed by the 
Company under Section 138 Negotiable Instruments Act 1881 against various 
dealers/customers which are pending before various civil courts and High Courts across the country. 
 
(v) There are 51 more cases filed by / against the Company, pending before various forums / courts, pertaining to Environment, IPR, Motor Accident Claims, Transport Societies related issues in Himachal Pradesh, challenging validity of provisions introduced via amendments / notifications in the enactments, etc.  
 
(vi) There are cases filed by the Company for recovery of dues from the vendors/ 
third parties and criminal cases. 
 
 
____________________________________  
170
ACC Limited
Annexure 13
 
 
  
1 
 
DDEETTAAIILLSS  OOFF  OONNGGOOIINNGG  AADDJJUUDDIICCAATTIIOONN  &&  RREECCOOVVEERRYY  PPRROOCCEEEEDDIINNGGSS,,  PPRROOSSEECCUUTTIIOONN  
IINNIITTIIAATTEEDD,,  AANNDD  AALLLL  OOTTHHEERR  EENNFFOORRCCEEMMEENNTT  AACCTTIIOONN  TTAAKKEENN,,  IIFF  AANNYY,,  AAGGAAIINNSSTT  AAMMBBUUJJAA  
CCEEMMEENNTTSS  LLIIMMIITTEEDD  ((““CCOOMMPPAANNYY””)),,  IITTSS  PPRROOMMOOTTEERRSS  AANNDD  DDIIRREECCTTOORRSS  
 
A number of litigations have been ﬁled against Ambuja Cements Limited (“Company”) 
and/or its directors, in the normal course of business, and are pending before various forums, which mainly arise with respect to penalty by Competition Commission of India, demands related to mining levies, land disputes, labour disputes, disputes with vendors, challenge pertaining to State levies. The Company has also ﬁled litigations for recovery of its dues, challenging various levies, demand actions initiated against the Company, challenging the provisions of the Act/Rules/notiﬁcations, before various courts and forums.  
 In line with accounting standards, a provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is 
deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. As at June 30, 
2026, the Company had a total provision of Rs. 233.49 crore, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate could be made. For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. As at June 30, 2026, such claims amounted to a total of Rs.3189.24 crore. For cases where the possibility of an unfavorable outcome is deemed remote, the Company has not made a provision and has not included the claims for such cases in contingent liabilities. Apart from the above, other cases are there, which are ﬁled by the Company or against the Company which relates to majorly land disputes, injunction suits, cheque bouncing cases, criminal cases, labour 
issues, challenging of vires of enactments, environment matters, etc.  
 
The following annexures are enclosed:  
 
(i) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited (“the Company”) as per A
Annnneexxuurree  AA.. 
 
(ii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against directors of the Company as per 
A
Annnneexxuurree  BB. 
 
(iii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and 
all other enforcement action taken, if any, against promoters of the Company as per A
Annnneexxuurree  CC. 
    
171
 
 
  
2 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  AA  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  ootthheerr  
eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  AAmmbbuujjaa  CCeemmeennttss  LLiimmiitteedd  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266  
 
((aa)) TTaaxx  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss::  
  
DDiirreecctt  TTaaxxeess  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 44.95 crore, mainly pertaining to income tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in the Company’s own cases and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly, the Company has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 2026. Disputed tax issues that are classiﬁed as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Company.     
 
Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 44.95 crore: 
 
 Rs. 44.95 crore related to appeals ﬁled by the Company or the tax authorities 
with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income tax, where the Company is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel. The key disputed liabilities were: 
 
- Rs. 25.61 crore related to whether CSR contribution is eligible for deduction u/s 80G of the Income Tax Act. This ground is allowed by CIT(A) and Revenue is in appeal before ITAT. In this regard, the Company believes to win this ground at ITAT level as well.  
- Rs. 3.19 crore related to the tax and interest demand pertaining to change in head of income from Capital Gain to Business Income. The Company had earned a proﬁt of Rs. 12.37 crore from sale of land at Andhra Pradesh. After indexation beneﬁt, the Company had offered Rs. 5.52 crore as Long-Term 
Capital Gain in the Return of Income. The Assessing Ofﬁcer has considered 
the entire proﬁt as Business Income and added back the differential amount of Rs. 6.85 crore to the total income. 
 
- Rs. 16.15 crore related to miscellaneous grounds where the Company has either favourable orders in its own case, or the chance of winning is certain.  
Tax Assessments / Reassessments / Revisions  
 The company received both revision and reassessment orders u/s 263 and 147 r.w.s 143(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for the FY 2018-19 dated March 25, 2026 and March 27, 2026 respectively. The Revenue Authorities raised the final demand of Rs, 148.31 crore vide order dated March 27, 2026. This demand includes net demand of Rs.98.15 crore as per assessment order dated September 29, 2022 and the remaining amount of Rs. 50.16 crore are due to a 
172
ACC Limited
 
 
  
3 
 
major disallowance u/s 14A, i.e., disallowance of expense towards earning 
exempt income in the revision order dated March 25, 2026.  The company has filed appeals against both the aforesaid orders including the assessment order dated September 29, 2022. As the matter is already in favour of the Company in earlier years, the tax impact of the said disallowances as per all the three orders are considered as remote.  
 The company received reassessment order u/s 147 r.w.s 143(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for the FY 2020-21 dated March 28, 2026 on April 13, 2026 wherein the Revenue Authorities raised the final demand of Rs. 40.45 crore. This demand includes net demand of Rs. 24.80 crore as per assessment order dated January 31, 2024 and the remaining amount of Rs. 15.65 crore are due to addition u/s 68 rws 115BBE of the Income Tax Act, 1961. 
 
The company has ﬁled appeal against the aforesaid order including the assessment order dated January 31, 2024. Considering the merit of the grounds, the tax impact of the said disallowances as per both the aforesaid orders are considered as remote.  
 The company received assessment order u/s 143(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 
for the FY 2013-14 dated June 2, 2026 on June 30, 2026. The Revenue 
Authorities has determined a total refund of Rs. 398.84 crore (including interest of Rs. 92.04 crore) mainly due to claim of depreciation on goodwill amounting to Rs. 706.87 crore granted based on the favourable BAR order dated February 28, 2024. The AO has still made certain disallowances in the assessment order as well as made error in computing the tax and interest due to the company.  The company has ﬁled appeal against the said impugned order on July 30, 2026, i.e., within the prescribed time. Considering the merit of the grounds, the tax 
impact of the same are duly considered in the PPR Analysis. 
 
I
Innddiirreecctt  TTaaxxeess  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs.396 crore, 
mainly pertaining to indirect tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favourable decisions in the Company’s own cases and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments 
and accordingly, the Company has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 
2026. Disputed tax issues that are classiﬁed as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Company.      Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 396 crore, the key disputed liabilities were: 
  - Rs.248 crore related to the differential amount of Sales Tax beneﬁt under Rajasthan State incentive Scheme.   
173
 
 
  
4 
 
- Rs.42 crore related to differential custom duties on account of classiﬁcation of 
imported coal.   
- Rs.38 crore related to Entry Tax issue on stock transfer of cement & other goods like limestone in multiple states.  
- Rs.21 crore involves miscellaneous cases under various materials under different State VAT laws.  
- Rs.47 crore involves miscellaneous cases under Central Excise and Goods & Service Tax laws. 
 
((bb)) CCuussttoommss  rreellaatteedd  mmaatttteerrss::  
  
(i) The Company in 2018 imported 4, wheel loaders for loading limestone in mines, in dump trucks from China and ﬁled Bill of Entry (B/E) dated November 3, 2018 classifying the goods under CTH 84295100 and paid applicable Customs Duty. Thereafter, the Company imported 2 similar wheel loaders from Japan in 2019 and ﬁled B/E dated May 13, 2019 classifying under CTH 84295900 and availed 
concessional rate of customs duty under Notiﬁcation No. 69/2011-Cus dated 
July 29, 2011. 
 
SCN dated January 5, 2024 was issued by Commissioner of Customs (Import-I), Ballard Estate, Mumbai alleging mis-declaration to avail concessional duty beneﬁt and accordingly proposed to recover differential duty of Rs.54.61 lakhs along with interest and penalty. Commissioner, vide Order dated August 30, 2024, without considering the matter stand covered in favour of the Company, conﬁrmed the demand with interest and imposed ﬁne & penalties. The Company has ﬁled appeal before CESTAT, Mumbai. The matter is currently 
pending.  
 
(ii) The Company imported P84 Polyamide Filter Bags for Kiln and Raw Mill de-dusting bag ﬁlter under project import scheme and ﬁled Bill of Entry No. 884969 dated March 4, 2009 for clearance thereof classifying the goods under chapter heading 9801. The Company paid duty @ 4%. 
 
However, based on Audit Objection in 2016, Customs Department after 16 years from the date of import, issued SCN dated November 11, 2025 proposing to reclassify the goods under chapter 8421 attracting CVD @ 8% and consequent 
recovery of differential duty Rs.23,00,497/- along with interest and imposition 
of ﬁne and penalty. Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai without considering the matter stand covered in favour of the Company, vide Order dated May 14, 2026 conﬁrmed the demand along with interest and imposed ﬁne & penalty. The Company has ﬁled appeal before Commissioner of Customs (Appeals), Mumbai. The matter is currently pending.  
   
  
174
ACC Limited
 
 
  
5 
 
 
((cc)) DDeemmaannddss  ffrroomm  GGoovveerrnnmmeenntt  AAuutthhoorriittiieess::  
  
(iii) In 2012, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) had imposed a penalty of 
Rs. 1,163.91 crore on the Company concerning alleged contravention of the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002. On Company’s appeal, Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT), initially stayed the penalty and by its ﬁnal order dated December 11, 2015, set aside the order of the CCI, remanding the matter back to the CCl for fresh adjudication and for passing a fresh order. 
 
After hearing the matter afresh, the CCI had again, by its order dated September 30, 2016, imposed a penalty of Rs.1,163.91 crore on the Company. The Company ﬁled an appeal against the said Order before the COMPAT. The COMPAT, vide its interim order dated November 21, 2016 has stayed the penalty with a condition to deposit 10% of the penalty amount, in the form of ﬁxed deposit (the said condition has been complied with) and levy of interest of 12% p.a., in case the appeal is decided against the appellant. Meanwhile, pursuant to the notiﬁcation issued by Central Government on May 26, 2017, any appeal, application or proceeding before COMPAT is transferred to National Company Law Appellate 
Tribunal (NCLAT). 
 
NCLAT, vide its Order dated July 25, 2018, dismissed the Company's appeal and 
upheld the CCI's order. Against this, the Company appealed to the Hon'ble Supreme Court, which by its order dated October 5, 2018, admitted the appeal and directed to continue the interim order passed by the Tribunal. Company’s appeal is pending. 
 
(iv) In a separate matter, pursuant to a reference ﬁled by the Director, Supplies and Disposals, Government of Haryana, the CCI by its Order dated January 19, 2017 
had imposed a penalty of Rs. 29.84 crore on the Company. On Company's 
appeal, the COMPAT (later transferred to NCLAT) has stayed the operation of CCI's order. The matter is listed before NCLAT and is pending for hearing. 
 
(v) Director General (Investigation and Registration) ﬁled an application u/s. 10(a)(iii) and Section 37 of MRTP Act (restrictive trade practices) against Cement Manufacturers Association (CMA) and 44 Cement Manufacturers alleging (i) ﬁxing the prices in arbitrary and unjustiﬁed manner; (ii) price hike of about 30% from February 1990 to August 1990; (iii) violation of Section 2(o)(ii) & 33(1)(d) of MRTP Act. MRTP Commission passed a “Cease & Desist” Order 
dated December 20, 2007 in the above matter against CMA and 42 Companies. 
An Appeal has been ﬁled before the Hon. Supreme Court with a prayer for stay of the said Order of MRTP Commission. 
 
(vi) The Collector of Stamps, Delhi vide its order dated August 7, 2014, directed erstwhile Holcim (India) Private Limited (HIPL) (merged with the Company) to pay stamp duty (including penalty) of Rs.287.88 crore (March 31, 2023 – Rs.287.88 crore) on the merger order passed by Hon'ble High Court of Delhi. HIPL had ﬁled a writ petition, and the Hon'ble High Court of Delhi disposed the 
matter in favour of the Company vide judgement dated November 6, 2024. 
175
 
 
  
6 
 
Collector of Stamps has ﬁled a Letters Patent Appeal against the judgement 
dated November 6, 2024 before Hon’ble Delhi High Court.  
 
(vii) The State of Gujarat issued circular by which gas used for the purpose of fuel was included within the meaning of the terms consumables stores under section 15B of the Gujarat Sales tax Act, 1969 and was admissible as set off. The State further issued another circular dated September 2, 2005 by which the circular dated February 19, 2001 was declared void ab initio and stated natural gas to not to be considered as consumable goods w.e.f. February 19, 
2001 and subsequently, the State disallowed the set off of the light diesel oil as 
claimed in returns ﬁled for the assessment year 2001-02 onwards. The writ petition ﬁled by various companies challenging the circular dated September 2, 2005 and same was allowed by the High Court of Gujarat vide order dated June 28, 2007. Being aggrieved to the said order of the High Court, the State of Gujarat ﬁled a SLP before Supreme Court of India which is pending.  
 
(viii) Scheme of Amalgamation of Holcim (India) Private Limited with the Company, which was sanctioned by the High Court of Gujarat on March 18, 2014 with an appointed date of April 1, 2013. The Company paid Rs. 10.00 crore as stamp 
duty based on the rate applicable on the appointed date. However, an 
amendment on May 15, 2013 increased the maximum stamp duty to Rs. 25.00 crore. The Collector of Stamp issued a show cause notice to the Company for not paying the revised duty within the stipulated time. Despite Company’s representation, the Collector directed the Company to pay the deﬁcit stamp duty and a penalty. The Company ﬁled a Stamp Reference before the High Court, arguing that the appointed date should determine the stamp duty. Gujarat High Court vide order dated February 10, 2023 ruled in favor of the Company, stating that the levy of stamp duty should be based on the appointed date and not the date of the High Court's sanction. The Collector had no 
authority to impound the instrument or levy a penalty. Aggrieved by the 
judgement of the High Court, Chief Controlling Revenue Authority has preferred a SLP before Hon’ble Supreme Court and the same is pending for adjudication.  
 
(ix) An Appeal has been ﬁled by the State of Gujarat before the Hon. Supreme Court, against the judgement passed by the High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad. w.r.t. whether levy of stamp duty on the “bill of entry” submitted by the importer, can be said as a delivery orders in respect of goods (i.e. an instrument entitling any person to the delivery of goods). Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat allowed the Appeal.  
 
(x) The Company is claiming a refund of excess Stamp Duty (Rs. 22.47 crore) and Registration Fees (Rs. 4.58 crore) levied by the Government of Gujarat in relation to the execution of the Mining Lease for the Mudhvay Limestone Block allotted to erstwhile Adani Cementation Limited. The Company contends that the authorities incorrectly calculated the duties based on the total mineral resources of 324 million tonnes from the initial Geological Report, rather than the lower extractable reserves under the approved mining plan and the subsequent reduction in the lease area due to the exclusion of forest land. The 
Company paid the assessed amounts to meet the statutory lease execution 
deadline and is pursuing the dispute to recover the excess payment.  
176
ACC Limited
 
 
  
7 
 
 
(xi) An amalgamation between Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (GACL) & Indo 
Nippon Special Cement Limited (INSCL) occurred by virtue of Hon'ble Gujarat High Court order dated January 9, 2007 under section 394 of the Companies Act, 1956 and with this all the movable and immovable property of the INSCL got vested with GACL. With effect to it, GACL ﬁled application for the valuation of the Stamp and by virtue of it, the Ld. District Collector Stamps valued the property in total of Rs. 1,21,000/- vide order dated April 26, 2010. Being aggrieved with the said order the State of Rajasthan through Sub-Registrar ﬁled 
a revision petition giving effect on various grounds like omission on acting on 
payable stamp duty on immovable properties, ignoring the applicability of conveyance which the Company has deliberately avoided to secure the interest towards nonpayment of stamp duty on conveyance etc. and same got dismissed on June 28, 2017 by Rajasthan Tax Board. Being aggrieved with such dismissal of the revision petition, the State has now approached the Hon'ble High Court of Rajasthan on the grounds that Tax Board has erroneously ignored the action on stamp duty payable on immovable property/conveyance and favoured the amalgamation of GACL & INSCL by way of calculating stamp duty payable on cancelled equity shares.  
 
 
(xii) The Company has challenged the invocation of Bank Guarantee (BG) by the Ministry of Coal, vide its order dated August 4, 2015, by way of writ petition before the Hon’ble Delhi High Court. The Ministry of Coal has issued show cause notice for invocation of BG on the ground of non-compliance of the efﬁciency parameters with regard to the operations of Dahegaon Coal Block, which was allotted to Joint Venture formed by the Company along with others. The total BG invoked was Rs.3.69 crore (approx.), out of which the Company’s part is Rs.69 lakhs. The block was canceled pursuant to the Hon’ble Supreme Court judgement in M L Sharma matter. The writ petition is pending. 
 
(xiii) Demand of recovery of alleged amount of Rs.449 crore (including interest) by 
ﬁling of nine suits in the year 2002 against GACL has been raised by Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) collected by Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) for supplying cement to SSNNL pursuant to various tenders (1989 to 1995). The Rajpipla Civil Court heard the matters, and GACL made an application under order 7 rule 11 of CPC, for rejection of suit on the ground of limitation, which was rejected by the Court. GACL has preferred Civil Revision Application before the High Court of Gujarat. In the said Revision Application, High Court has granted stay vide order April 28, 
2015 on the proceedings of lower Court. The Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat vide 
its order dated July 15, 2025 was pleased to reject the Special Civil Application (revised from Revision Application) ﬁled by Ambuja and remanded the matter back to Civil Court Rajpipla for hearing. The matter is currently pending for hearing.   
 
   
  
  
  
  
177
 
 
  
8 
 
((dd)) DDeemmaanndd  ffrroomm  MMiinniinngg  AAuutthhoorriittiieess  
  
(i) Demand for differential royalty on Marl Mineral: The State Government of 
Gujarat has increased the rate of royalty on Marl mineral and demanded arrears of royalty as per new rate from the year 2003. Against the said demand, Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) ﬁled a Special Civil Application. The petition is pending. 
 
(ii) Illegal mining demand in Jaitaran, Rajasthan: Mining Engineer, Sojat issued 
show cause notice dated March 12, 2013 against the Company wherein it is 
stated that the Company had done unauthorized mining outside of demarcated boundary and extracted 16,18,191 tons of minerals and dispatched illegally. Director General of Mines has demanded the Company to pay a sum of Rs.38.85 crore as penalty towards the cost of alleged illegal mining. The Company has challenged the said demand before Additional District Judge, Jaitaran and the same is pending.  
(iii) The Company has challenged the show cause / demand notice issued by Mining Department, Rajasthan under the Mineral Concession Rules, for payment of 
interest on delayed payment of royalty by the Company, for the period 1997 to 
2013, by ﬁling a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan, Jodhpur Bench. The total interest amount is Rs.1.66 crore. The interim stay is there in Company’s favour and the petition is pending.  
 
(iv) State of Chhattisgarh issued demand for unauthorized use of water accumulated in mining pits by consuming the same for its Cement plant and Captive Power Plant (CPP) by the Company. A demand of Rs.1,18,50,239 was raised by Water Resources Construction Division, Kasdol. The Company has challenged the demand before Hon’ble High Court and interim stay was granted 
against the impugned demand notice. The petition ﬁled by Ambuja Cements 
Limited in Chhattisgarh High Court against the alleged demands is pending.  
 
(v) The Company (Sanghi Industries Limited, which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) has ﬁled a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the demand and attachment orders issued by the Taluka Development Ofﬁcer, Lakhpat, for recovery of Rs. 1.17 crore (including penalty) towards land revenue on lands granted for mining purposes. The Company contends that under the speciﬁc terms of the mining lease agreement, the leased lands are explicitly exempt from the payment of land revenue since 
surface rent and royalty are already being paid. The matter is pending. 
 
(vi) The Company has challenged the levy of Singrauli Punarsthapan Charge @ Rs. 
300 per tonne over and above the notiﬁed price of coal, uniformly across all mines of Northern Coalﬁelds Limited, with effect from May 1, 2025, by the Northern Coalﬁelds Ltd. under the Price Notiﬁcation No. CIL/M&S/Pricing/557 dated February 27, 2025, along with its corrigendum dated February 28, 2025, issued by Coal India Limited. The Hon’ble High Court has granted the stay in favour of the Company and the matter is pending adjudication before the 
Hon’ble Court.  
 
178
ACC Limited
 
 
  
9 
 
((ee)) EEnneerrggyy  DDeevveellooppmmeenntt  CCeessss::  
 
The provision of Chhattisgarh Upkar (Sansodhan) Adhiniyam, 2004 has been 
challenged by the Company by which State of Chhattisgarh levied Energy Development Cess on producer of the electricity @ 10 paisa per unit on the electrical energy sold or supplied to a consumer or consumed by himself or his employees by his captive power unit. The Chhattisgarh High Court has decided the matter in favour of the Company and presently matter is sub-judice before Hon’ble Supreme Court on the SLP ﬁled by the State of Chhattisgarh.  
 
(
(ff)) IInnffrraassttrruuccttuurree  aanndd  EEnnvviirroonnmmeenntt  CCeessss  
 The Company has ﬁled a writ petition before Chhattisgarh High Court against the levy of Chhattisgarh (Adhosanrachna Vikas Evam Paryavaran) Upkar Adhiniyam, 2005 (“CG Cess Act”). The company contends that despite the law settled by the Hon’ble Division Bench of Chhattisgarh High Court in the Shree Cement’s matter where it was held that surface rent is contractual payment distinguished from land revenue and therefore CG Cess Act will not be applicable to mining leases on which no land revenue is payable. 
 
(
(gg)) MMaatttteerrss  rreellaattiinngg  ttoo  EEmmppllooyyeeeess  PPrroovviiddeenntt  FFuunndd    
  
(i) Rajasthan: Regional Provident Fund Commissioner passed an order directing 
the Company to pay Rs.25.01 crore towards dues with respect to provident fund contributions under the EPF & MP Act. The Company has ﬁled a writ petition challenging the ﬁnal order before the Rajasthan High Court at Jodhpur. Interim stay is there in favour of the Company and the matter is pending for adjudication. 
 
(ii) Himachal Pradesh: The Company has challenged the award passed by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (RPFC), Shimla wherein RPFC has held that the Company and transport society were jointly and severally liable to deposit Rs.8.23 crore for the period 2007 to 2010, on the ground transport workers engaged in transportation activity of the Company are contract employees w.r.t EPF Act. An Appeal ﬁled against the order of RPFC, Shimla before the Central Government Industrial Tribunal (CGIT), Chandigarh. 
 
In separate proceedings for the period 1995 to 2007, RPFC vide its order assessed PF contribution of Rs.29 crore in respect of Transport Worker payable 
by the Company. A Writ Petition was ﬁled by the Company before the Punjab & 
Haryana High Court challenging the order of RPFC, Chandigarh, however, the High Court dismissed this petition on the surmise of alternate remedy being available and directed us to approach the CGIT.  Now both the matters are pending before CGIT, Chandigarh. 
 
(iii) Punjab: The Company’s Ropar Unit had received a notice for non-compliance of PF contribution towards workers of Transporters wherein RPFC held that 
Company is the principal employer for transporter’s engaged as contract 
workmen with the Company and directed the Company to make a contribution 
179
 
 
  
10 
 
as per provision of the EPF Act. Aggrieved by the RPFC’s Order, the Company  
ﬁled a Writ Petition before the Punjab and Haryana High Court for setting aside the said Order. The writ petition is pending before the Hon’ble High Court.  
 
(
(hh)) MMaatttteerrss  ppeerrttaaiinniinngg  ttoo  EElleeccttrriicciittyy  RReegguullaattiioonnss  
 
(i) The Company has ﬁled a Special Civil Application (SCA No. 8579 of 2006) before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the orders and demand notices issued by the Ofﬁce of the Commissioner of Electricity Duty to the 
erstwhile Sanghi Industries Limited. The dispute pertains to the period from 
2002-2012 wherein Sanghi Industries Limited (which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) has claimed exemption from payment of electricity duty as per the provisions of Gujarat Electricity Duty Act 1958. The Hon'ble High Court has granted ad-interim relief staying the operation of the demand notices, subject to an undertaking ﬁled by the Company, and the matter is currently pending for adjudication.  
 
(ii) Paschim Gujarat Vish Company Limited (PGVCL): Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (GUVNL) issued a letter to Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, 
now Ambuja Cements Limited), whereby power bill was revised retrospectively. 
Aggrieved by this, the Company has ﬁled a Petition before the Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) at Ahmedabad. GERC decided the said matter in favour of the Company. After more than three years, the GUVNL has ﬁled a case praying to set aside the order of GERC and conﬁrm the bill raised by GUVNL.  
 
(iii) Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission: An Appeal has been ﬁled by the Company under Electricity Act, 2003, against the order passed by Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission ("RERC"), Jaipur in Petition wherein increase 
in cross subsidy surcharge from Rs.0.18 to Rs.1.48, per unit was allowed. APTEL 
has remanded back the matter to RERC. The matter is pending.  
 
(iv) The Company has ﬁled a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan at Jodhpur (Bench) challenging the retrospective recovery of power factor surcharge on electricity by the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commissioner, for Company’s plant at Rajasthan. The matter is pending.  
 
(v) The Company has ﬁled a petition challenging the restriction on its scheduled 
power transactions imposed due to non -payment of bilateral transmission 
charges by Essel Saurya Urja Rajasthan Ltd. The Company has contended that, as a non -defaulting generator, it cannot be subjected to curtailment of open 
access and denial of power market participation due to third -party defaults and 
has sought restoration of its contractual and market rights. The matter is 
pending.  
 
(vi) The Company has ﬁled an appeal before the Applellate Tribunal for Electricity 
challenging the order passed by RERC, whereby additional surcharge of Rs. 
0.80 per KWh was levied on open access consumers. The matter is pending.  
 
180
ACC Limited
 
 
  
11 
 
(vii) The Company has ﬁled a complaint against the electricity board for 
non-reduction of contract demand from 32 MVA to 26 MVA. The Company has 
sought reduction of the contract demand along with compensation for ﬁnancial 
loss at the rate of Rs. 20 lakh per month from October 2025, along with interest. The matter is pending.  
 
(viii) The Company (Sanghi Industries Limited, which is merged with the Company w.e.f. March 12, 2026) ﬁled a writ petition before the Hon'ble High Court of Gujarat challenging the constitutional validity of the Gujarat Green Cess Act, 2011, which levied a cess on the generation of electricity. The High Court declared the Act ultra vires the Constitution and void, holding that the State Legislature lacks the competence to levy a tax on the generation of electricity. The State of Gujarat has moved to the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India against the Order. The matter is pending.  
 
(
(ii)) MMaatttteerrss  rreellaatteedd  ttoo  EEmmppllooyyeeee  SSttaattee  IInnssuurraannccee  CCoorrppoorraattiioonn  ((EESSIICC))  
 
Demand for contribution under the Employee State Insurance   Act was raised by the 
department for a period wherein the Company did not have exemption for contribution under the Employees State Insurance Act, for its Unit at Rajasthan. A total demand of Rs.1.91 crore is raised and the same is challenged via three petitions before Employee State Insurance  
 Court, Jaipur. The Company has challenged the 
computation of demand as the Company provided better facilities to the workmen even otherwise mentioned in the Act and also demand raised during the exemption 
period and has also deposited a sum of Rs.1.46 crore before the Employee State 
Insurance  
 Court.   
 (
(jj)) CCiivviill  RReeccoovveerriieess  &&  AArrbbiittrraattiioonn  
 
There are a total of 84 cases pending before Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts and Arbitration Tribunals wherein a total stake of Rs.174.26 crore out of which there is a provision of Rs.15.37 crore, contingent liability of Rs.64.69 crore and remote of Rs.94.26 crore. The matters include suit for damages, arbitrations, civil disputes with railway authorities, civil recoveries by private parties and claims made by distributors 
and other civil cases. This also includes recoveries pertaining to short-lifting of fly 
ash under the agreements.  
 (
(kk)) CCoonnssuummeerr  DDiissppuutteess  
 
There are 31 cases before the Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission against the Company involving a stake of approximately Rs.1.93 crore. The cases allege that Company has supplied bad quality of cement to the consumers and these matters are pending before various District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions, State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions and National Consumer Disputes 
Redressal Commission. Contingent liability of possible cases is Rs.0.66 crore  and the 
cases falling where remote possibility involves a stake of Rs.1.27 crore .  
 
 
  
181
 
 
  
12 
 
((ll)) OOtthheerr  ddiissppuutteess  
 
(i) Land related matters: There are a total of 81 land related matters pending 
before the Hon. Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts and Adjudicating Authorities involving disputes of enhancement of land compensation under the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 and old Act, rehabilitation and resettlement issues, raised by the land losers.  
 
(ii) Matters related to labour disputes: There are 143 labour cases pending before various labour courts, industrial tribunals, civil courts, High Courts across the country involving disputes of permanent employment, termination from service, reinstatement with back wages, contractual workmen issues, regularization and other industrial disputes. 
 
(iii) Disputes involving temporary, mandatory and prohibitory Injunctions: There are total of 68 cases by and against the Company pending before various civil courts across the country which involves seeking of injunction by the Company against dharnas, strikes, demonstrations in and around the land and factory of 
the Company, encroachment on Company’s land, specific performance for 
execution of sale deeds and injunction by third parties and declaration suits. 
 
(iv) Cheque bouncing matter: There are 41 cases of cheque bouncing filed by the Company under Section 138 Negotiable Instruments Act 1881 against various dealers/customers which are pending before various civil courts and High Courts across the country. 
 
(v) There are 51 more cases filed by / against the Company, pending before various forums / courts, pertaining to Environment, IPR, Motor Accident Claims, 
Transport Societies related issues in Himachal Pradesh, challenging validity of 
provisions introduced via amendments / notifications in the enactments, etc.  
 
(vi) There are cases filed by the Company for recovery of dues from the vendors/ third parties and criminal cases.  
  
 
182
ACC Limited
 
 
  
13 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  BB  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  ootthheerr  
eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  ddiirreeccttoorrss  ooff  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266  
 
aa)) OOnnggooiinngg  ccrriimmiinnaall  mmaatttteerrss  aaggaaiinnsstt  ddiirreeccttoorrss  ooff  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  
  
LLiittiiggaattiioonn  bbeeffoorree  GGuujjaarraatt  HHiigghh  CCoouurrtt  
 
Karnavati Aviation Private Limited (KAPL) imported an Aircraft - Hawker for providing non-scheduled Air Transport (Passenger) Services & non-scheduled Air Transport (Charter) services and cleared at Nil rate of duty under Notiﬁcation No. 21/2002-Cus dated March 1, 2002 amended by Notiﬁcation No.61/2007-Cus dated May 3, 2007. Show Cause Notice (SCN) dated February 27, 2009 was issued alleging that KAPL have not used the aircraft for the aforesaid services and the same was used for private purpose in violation of condition of notiﬁcation. Commissioner of Customs, Ahmedabad vide order dated November 25, 2009 conﬁrmed the duty demand along with interest and imposed ﬁne and penalty on KAPL, Mr. Gautam S Adani & others. On appeal by KAPL & others, CESTAT, Ahmedabad vide Order dated April 28, 2023 
allowed the appeal on the ground that there is no violation of condition of 
Notiﬁcation. Department challenged CESTAT Order before Gujarat High Court. This matter does not relate to the Company, however since Mr Gautam S. Adani is also a director of the Company, we are making this disclosure.  
 C
Crriimmiinnaall  MMaatttteerrss  rreellaatteedd  ttoo  eexx--ddiirreeccttoorrss  
 
ii)) CCrriimmiinnaall  CCaassee  bbeeffoorree  CChhiieeff  JJuuddiicciiaall  MMaaggiissttrraattee,,  PPaattnnaa  
 
A criminal complaint was ﬁled against Mr. Ajay Kapoor (Ex-MD) before Chief Judicial 
Magistrate, Patna against CEO and other ofﬁcials of the Company by M/s. Comfort 
Enterprises, Ex-CFA agent alleging illegal termination of agency, non-reconciliation 
of accounts and non-payment of Rs.98.31 lacs dues with the intention of cheating 
him. The Investigation has been concluded and police has ﬁled closure report in the 
matter.  
 
iiii)) LLaabboouurr  CCoouurrtt,,  BBaallooddaabbaazzaarr,,  CCCC  NNoo..  7777  ooff  22002244  
 Deputy Director Industrial Health and Safety, Bhatapara has ﬁled a complaint under Section 105 of Factories Act, 1942 against Mr. Ajay Kapur (Ex-MD) being the Occupier 
and CEO and against Mr. Kaushal Kumar Mishra being the Factory Manager for 
violation of Section 41 C of Factories Act, 1942 and Rule 131A of Chhattisgarh Factories Rules, 1962. The matter is pending.  
 
b
b)) SShhooww  CCaauussee  nnoottiicceess  aaggaaiinnsstt  tthhee  ddiirreeccttoorrss,,  wwhhiillee  hhoollddiinngg  ppoossiittiioonn  iinn  ootthheerr  ggrroouupp  
eennttiittiieess    
 
(i) Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has issued a Show Cause Notice to Mr. Karan Adani alleging that Mr. Karan Adani (as the then CEO, Adani Ports 
and Special Economic Zone Limited ("APSEZ") failed to protect the assets of 
APSEZ by failing to recall security deposits advanced to PMC Projects (India) 
183
 
 
  
14 
 
Private Limited and therefore, alleged to have non-compliant and violated of the 
code of conduct of APSEZ. Mr. Karan Adani has ﬁled the settlement application along with settlement terms with the SEBI. SEBI has accepted the settlement terms and the ﬁnal settlement order is awaited. The settlement order of SEBI will dispose off the matter in favor of Mr. Karan Adani. This matter does not relate to the Company.  
(ii) SEBI issued a Show Cause Notice to Mr. Gautam S. Adani, as a Director of Adani Enterprises Ltd. (AEL), APL, APSEZ and Adani Transmission Limited (ATL), in 
relation to, inter alia, alleged non-compliance of certain provisions of the 
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (SCRA), the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (SCRR), the SEBI Act and regulations thereunder and the erstwhile Equity Listing Agreement regarding alleged wrongful categorization of shareholding of certain entities, violation of related disclosure requirements and consequences therefrom. AEL, APL, APSEZ and ATL have responded to SEBI for seeking inspection of documents. Settlement application and reply has been ﬁled by entities. Mr. Gautam S. Adani has ﬁled a settlement application and reply with the SEBI. The matter is currently pending before SEBI. This matter does not relate to the Company.  
  
 
184
ACC Limited
 
 
  
15 
 
AAnnnneexxuurree  CC  
  
DDeettaaiillss  ooff  oonnggooiinngg  aaddjjuuddiiccaattiioonn  &&  rreeccoovveerryy  pprroocceeeeddiinnggss,,  pprroosseeccuuttiioonn  iinniittiiaatteedd,,  aanndd  aallll  ootthheerr  
eennffoorrcceemmeenntt  aaccttiioonn  ttaakkeenn,,  iiff  aannyy,,  aaggaaiinnsstt  pprroommootteerrss  ooff  tthhee  CCoommppaannyy  aass  aatt  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266  
 
There are no ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated or other enforcement action taken against the promoters of the Company.    
______ 
185
Annexure 14
DDeettaaiillss  iinn  rreessppeecctt  ooff  tthhee  ppaarrttiiccuullaarrss  mmeennttiioonneedd  //  ssttiippuullaatteedd  iinn::  ((aa))  ccllaauussee  jj))  ooff  tthhee  nnoo  
oobbjjeeccttiioonn  lleetttteerr,,  ddaatteedd  JJuunnee  44,,  22002266  rreecceeiivveedd  ffrroomm  NNSSEE;;  aanndd  ((bb))  ccllaauussee  1100  ooff  tthhee  nnoo  
aaddvveerrssee  oobbsseerrvvaattiioonn  lleetttteerr,,  ddaatteedd  JJuunnee  44,,  22002266  rreecceeiivveedd  ffrroomm  BBSSEE  iinn  tthhee  mmaatttteerr  ooff  
SScchheemmee  ooff  AAmmaallggaammaattiioonn  ooff  AACCCC  LLiimmiitteedd  ((AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy))  wwiitthh  AAmmbbuujjaa  
CCeemmeennttss  LLiimmiitteedd  ((AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy))::  
  
11.. AA  ssiimmppllee  eexxppllaannaattiioonn  ooff  tthhee  sscchheemmee  ooff  aarrrraannggeemmeenntt..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
The proposed scheme of amalgamation of ACC Limited (“ AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy”) 
with Ambuja Cements Limited (“ AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy”), inter-alia , provides for the 
amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with and into the Amalgamated 
Company by way of a merger by absorption on a going concern basis, with effect from 
the Appointed Date, i.e., January 1, 2026, and the consequent dissolution of the 
Amalgamating Company without being wound up, and the issuance of New Equity 
Shares to the equity shareholders of the Amalgamating Company in accordance with 
the Share Exchange Ratio ( as defined in the scheme ), pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 230 to 232 and/or other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“A
Acctt”), SEBI Schemes Master Circular and in accordance with the Section 2(6) of the 
Income Tax Act, 2025 (erstwhile Section 2(1B) of the Income Tax Act, 1961) ( “IInnccoommee  
TTaaxx  AAcctt”) (hereinafter referred to as “ SScchheemmee”). 
 Both the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company form part of the 
Adani group of Companies. The Amalgamated Company holds 50.05% of the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Amalgamating Company.  
 2
2.. TThhee  rraattiioonnaallee  aanndd  oobbjjeeccttiivveess  uunnddeerrllyyiinngg  tthhee  pprrooppoosseedd  sscchheemmee..  
 R
Reeppllyy::    
  
TThhee  rraattiioonnaallee  aanndd  oobbjjeeccttiivveess  uunnddeerrllyyiinngg  tthhee  pprrooppoosseedd  sscchheemmee  iiss  aass  uunnddeerr::    
  
- The Amalgamated Company is among India’s leading cement manufacturers, 
with installed capacity across India. The Amalgamating Company is also 
engaged in cement manufacturing with capacities that strategically 
complement and enhance the manufacturing footprint of the Amalgamated 
Company. The Amalgamated Company is the Promoter of the Amalgamating 
Company and holds 50.05% of the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Amalgamating Company. As both the companies are under the same line of 
business, the amalgamation will enable the Amalgamated Company to assume 
complete ownership and direction of the Amalgamating Company’s business for long-term strategic alignment. The proposed amalgamation will combine the 
operations of both companies, driving focused growth, operational efﬁciencies, 
and signiﬁcant business synergies. Furthermore, the resulting corporate structure will enhance agility and strengthen the overall business ecosystem of the merged entity. 
  
 
 
  
186
ACC Limited
 
- The amalgamation will unify manufacturing and commercial functions, optimize 
resource allocation, and streamline the group’s structure by reducing multiple 
entities in the same line of business. This integration will enable faster decision-
making, smoother execution of production plans, and stronger operational 
discipline enhancing agility and efﬁciency across the combined network. 
 
- The amalgamation will enable to deploy its financial, managerial, and operational resources more effectively. With all resources under the 
management of a single entity, both allocation and utilization can be optimized 
to support the Amalgamated Company’s strategic objectives. 
 
- By pooling ﬁnancial, operational, and logistical resources, the merged entity will 
unlock economies of scale. Coupled with a uniﬁed market approach and 
efﬁcient capital deployment, these synergies will boost proﬁtability, strengthen 
competitiveness, and deliver superior long-term value and beneﬁts to 
shareholders and other stakeholders. 
 
- The amalgamation is in alignment with the Amalgamated Company’s long-term vision of consolidation and sustainable growth. Over time, the uniﬁed structure 
is expected to generate increased value for shareholders, supporting Amalgamated Company’s ongoing commitment to delivering sustainable returns. 
 
3
3.. AA  ddeettaaiilleedd  eexxppllaannaattiioonn  ooff  tthhee  iimmppaacctt  ooff  tthhee  sscchheemmee  oonn  sshhaarreehhoollddeerrss,,  iinncclluuddiinngg  aannyy  
ddiilluuttiioonn  oorr  cchhaannggee  iinn  rriigghhttss..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
Details of impact on the shareholders of the Amalgamating Company and Amalgamated Company is as under: 
 
 
AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy  AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy  
For the shareholders of the 
Amalgamating Company, the proposed Scheme will provide an opportunity to improve the economic value for the 
shareholders. This is particularly marked 
in the improved synergies that will arise pursuant to the Scheme. The proposed 
Scheme will result in deriving beneﬁts for 
future capacity expansion and efﬁciency 
improvement measures. Thus, upon the 
Scheme becoming effective, the shareholders of the Amalgamating Company will be able to participate in the 
growth of the Amalgamated Company, 
which is the leading cement 
manufacturing company in India as on 
date. 
 For the shareholders of the Amalgamated Company, the proposed Scheme will result in economies of scale and consolidation of opportunities will 
improve proﬁtability and enhance overall 
shareholder value. This is particularly marked in the improved synergies that 
will arise pursuant to the Scheme. Based 
on the Share Exchange Ratio as set out in 
the Valuation Report, there will be no 
detrimental impact of the proposed Scheme on the shareholders and no shareholder is expected to have any 
disproportionate advantage or 
disadvantage in any manner. 
 
 
  
187
Further, there will not be any dilution in the shareholding except to the extent shares 
held by the Amalgamated Company in the Amalgamating Company will stand cancelled 
on the Scheme becoming effective. 
 4
4.. AA  ccoosstt--bbeenneeffiitt  aannaallyyssiiss  oouuttlliinniinngg  tthhee  aannttiicciippaatteedd  bbeenneeffiittss  vveerrssuuss  aassssoocciiaatteedd  ccoossttss  
ooff  tthhee  sscchheemmee..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
CCoosstt  BBeenneeffiitt::    
  
The implementation of the Scheme would involve costs including administrative cost, statutory dues, legal costs, etc. However, the long-term benefits are expected to 
outweigh costs towards implementation of the Scheme. 
 
C
Coosstt  SSyynneerrggiieess:: The merger will eliminate duplication of corporate functions and 
support services, resulting in recurring cost savings.   
 
55.. TThhee  llaatteesstt  ffiinnaanncciiaallss  ooff  AACCCC  aanndd  AAmmbbuujjaa  nnoott  oollddeerr  tthhaann  66  mmoonntthhss  ffrroomm  tthhee  ddaattee  ooff  
SSttoocckk  EExxcchhaannggee  NNOOCC  ttoo  bbee  hhoosstteedd  oonn  tthhee  CCoommppaanniieess''  wweebbssiittee  aanndd  aallssoo  ddiisscclloosseedd  iinn  
tthhee  eexxppllaannaattoorryy  ssttaatteemmeenntt..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
The Unaudited Financial Results for quarter ended June 30, 2026 of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company are part of the notice and explanatory 
statement of the Company and the same are also available on the websites of the respective companies as well as on the websites of BSE Limited (BSE) and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) i.e. www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com  
respectively.  
 
66.. PPrroommootteerr--wwiissee  aanndd  aaggggrreeggaattee  sshhaarreehhoollddiinngg  ddeettaaiillss  ooff  tthhee  pprroommootteerr  aanndd  pprroommootteerr  
ggrroouupp  iinn  AACCCC  aanndd  AAmmbbuujjaa,,  bbeeffoorree  aanndd  aafftteerr  tthhee  sscchheemmee,,  aanndd  tthhee  ccoorrrreessppoonnddiinngg  
cchhaannggee  iinn  ppuubblliicc  sshhaarreehhoollddiinngg..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
The details of Shareholding of Promoter / Promoter Group in the Amalgamating Company and Amalgamated Company before and after the Scheme and the 
corresponding change in the Public Shareholding is as under:  
 
 
   
188
ACC Limited
SSuummmmaarryy  ooff  SShhaarreehhoollddiinngg  ooff  AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy  ––  PPrree  AAmmaallggaammaattiioonn  ((AAss  oonn  JJuunnee  
3300,,  22002266))::    
  
CCaatteeggoorryy  
((II))  CCaatteeggoorryy  ooff  sshhaarreehhoollddeerr  
((IIII))  NNoo..  ooff  
SShhaarreehhoollddeerr  PPrree--AArrrraannggeemmeenntt  
NNoo  ooff  sshhaarreess  hheelldd  %%  ooff  
SShhaarreehhoollddiinngg  
(A) Promoter & Promoter Group  3 10,64,56,927 56.69 
i. Ambuja Cements Limited  9,39,84,120 50.05 
ii. Holderind Investments 
Limited 84,11,000 4.48 
iii. Endeavour Trade and 
Investment Limited  40,61,807  2.16 
(B) Public 2,38,537 8,13,30,336 43.31 
(C) Non-Promoter - Non-Public  
(Shares underlying 
Depository Receipts)  - - - 
 
TToottaall  22,,3388,,554400  1188,,7777,,8877,,226633  110000..0000  
  
SSuummmmaarryy  ooff  SShhaarreehhoollddiinngg  ooff  AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy  --    PPrree  aanndd  PPoosstt  AAmmaallggaammaattiioonn  ((AAss  
oonn  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266))::  
  
CCaatteeggoo
rryy  
  
((II))  CCaatteeggoorryy  ooff  
sshhaarreehhoollddeerr  
  
((IIII))  NNoo..  ooff  
SShhaarreehhooll
ddeerr  PPrree  NNoo..  ooff  
SShhaarreehh
oollddeerr  PPoosstt  
NNoo  ooff  sshhaarreess  
hheelldd  %%  ooff  
SShhaarreehhooll
ddiinngg  NNoo  ooff  sshhaarreess  
hheelldd  %%  ooff  
SShhaarreehhoo
llddiinngg  
(A) Promoter & 
Promoter Group  4 1,67,20,81,052  67.33 4 171,29,91,859  61.37 
i Adani Enterprises 
Limited  87,00,000 0.35  87,00,000 0.31 
ii Endeavour Trade 
and Investment 
Limited 7,02,442 0.03 1,40,25,169 0.50 
iii. Harmonia Trade 
and Investment 
Limited 47,74,78,249 19.23 47,74,78,249 17.11 
iv. Holderind 
Investments 
Limited 1,18,52,00,361 47.72 121,27,88,441  43.45  
(B) Public 6,74,201 81,13,84,839 32.67 9,12,738  107,81,48,341  38.63  
(C) Non Promoter-
Non Public 
(Shares 
underlying 
Depository 
Receipts)^   1 13,51,295 0.00 1 13,51,295 0.00 
 
Total 67,4,206  2,48,48,17,186  100.00  8,49,406  279,24,91,495  100.00  
    
^ GDR has no voting rights, hence, % of shareholding is shown as Nil. 
  
  
189
On account of cancellation of shares held by the Amalgamated Company in the 
Amalgamating Company post effectiveness of the Scheme, there will be dilution in 
shareholding of the Promoter / Promoter Group of the Amalgamated Company by 5.96% 
and corresponding increase in the public shareholding.  7
7.. PPrroommootteerr--wwiissee  aanndd  aaggggrreeggaattee  sshhaarreehhoollddiinngg  ddeettaaiillss  ooff  tthhee  pprroommootteerr  aanndd  pprroommootteerr  
ggrroouupp  iinn  AAmmbbuujjaa,,  bbeeffoorree  aanndd  aafftteerr  eexxeeccuuttiioonn  ooff  aallll  tthhee  ccoonnccuurrrreenntt  sscchheemmeess,,  aanndd  tthhee  
cchhaannggee  iinn  ppuubblliicc  sshhaarreehhoollddiinngg..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
Promoter wise and aggregate shareholding details of promoter and promoter group in Amalgamating Company before and after execution of all the concurrent schemes (i.e. 
Scheme of Amalgamation of Orient Cement Limited (“Orient”) with and into Ambuja 
Cements Limited) and changes in public shareholding is as under:  
 
 
SSrr  
NNoo  PPaarrttiiccuullaarrss  EExxiissttiinngg  AAmmbbuujjaa  
((AAss  oonn  JJuunnee  3300,,  22002266))  PPoosstt  AACCCC  PPoosstt  OOrriieenntt    
NNoo..  ooff  SShhaarreess  %%  ooff  
hhoollddiinngg  NNoo..  ooff  SShhaarreess  %%  ooff  
hhoollddiinngg  NNoo..  ooff  SShhaarreess  %%  ooff  
hhoollddii
nngg  1 P Prroommootteerrss  
Adani 
Enterprises Limited 87,00,000
 0.35  87,00,000  0.31 87,00,000  0.31 
Holderind Investments Limited 1,18,52,00,361
 47.72  121,27,88,441  43.45  121,27,88,441  43.16  
Endeavour Trade and Investment Limited 7,02,442
 0.03  140,25,169  0.50  140,25,169  0.50  
Harmonia Trade and Investment Limited 47,74,78,249
 19.23  47,74,78,249  17.11  47,74,78,249  16.99  
TToottaall  ((AA))  116677,,2200,,8811,,005522  6677..3333  117711,,2299,,9911,,885599  6611..3377  117711,,2299,,9911,,885599  6600..9977  
2 Public 81,13,84,839  32.67  107,81,48,341  38.63  109,66,83,498  39.03  
TToottaall  ((BB))  8811,,1133,,8844,,883399  3322..6677  110077,,8811,,4488,,334411  3388..6633  110099,,6666,,8833,,449988  3399..0033  
3 GDRs  13,51,295 - 13,51,295 - 13,51,295 - 
TToottaall  ((CC))  1133,,5511,,229955  --  1133,,5511,,229955  --  1133,,5511,,229955  --  
GGrraanndd  TToottaall  
AA++BB++CC  224488,,4488,,1177,,118866  110000  227799,,2244,,9911,,449955  110000  228811,,1100,,2266,,665522  110000  
  
88.. DDeettaaiillss  ooff  tthhee  RReeggiisstteerreedd  VVaalluueerr  iissssuuiinngg  tthhee  VVaalluuaattiioonn  RReeppoorrtt  aanndd  tthhee  MMeerrcchhaanntt  
BBaannkkeerr  iissssuuiinngg  FFaaiirrnneessss  ooppiinniioonn,,  aalloonngg  wwiitthh  aa  ssuummmmaarryy  ooff  tthhee  mmeetthhooddss  ccoonnssiiddeerreedd  
ffoorr  aarrrriivviinngg  aatt  tthhee  SShhaarree  EExxcchhaannggee  RRaattiioo,,  RRaattiioonnaallee  ffoorr  aaddooppttiinngg  ssuucchh  mmeetthhooddss,,  
bbaassiiss  aanndd  kkeeyy  aassssuummppttiioonnss..  
  
RReeppllyy::    
  
 Amalgamating Company engaged M/s BDO Valuation Advisory LLP (IBBI No.: 
IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) (" BBDDOO"), registered valuer for carrying out fair valuation 
in the matter of Scheme. Amalgamated Company appointed M/s GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited (IBBI No.: IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) (" G
GTT"), registered 
valuer for carrying out fair valuation in relation to Scheme. GT and BDO 
190
ACC Limited
(“RReeggiisstteerreedd  VVaalluueerrss”) jointly issued the Valuation Report dated December 22, 
2025. For the purpose of arriving at the valuation, both the valuers have 
discussed with each other their ﬁndings, methodology and approach to arrive at 
a consensus on recommendation of share exchange ratio. 
 
 M/s SBI Capital Markets Limited (" SSBBIICCAAPPSS"), a SEBI registered Merchant Banker 
(Registration No.: INM000003531) and M/s IDBI Capital Markets & Securities 
Limited, a Category I Merchant Banker (" IIDDBBII") (Registration code: 
MB/INM000010866) were appointed by the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company, respectively, to provide an independent opinion as to 
the fairness of the Share Exchange Ratio recommended by the Registered Valuers for the Scheme. They reviewed the joint valuation report issued by the Registered Valuers and the draft Scheme and carried out independent analysis.  
 
 SBICAPS vide its report dated December 22, 2025, opined to the Board of 
Directors of the Amalgamating Company that the valuation opined by the 
Registered Valuers is fair. IDBI vide its report dated December 22, 2025, opined 
to the Board of Directors of the Amalgamated Company that the valuation 
opined by the Registered Valuers is fair and reasonable. 
 
B
BDDOO  ––  BBAASSIISS  OOFF  VVAALLUUAATTIIOONN  
 
 BDO carried out independent analysis using generally accepted valuation 
methodologies in arriving the valuation for the Scheme. Both Amalgamating 
Company and Amalgamated Company are listed entities. The approach adopted 
by the registered valuer determining the same is summarized as under: 
 
VVaalluuaattiioonn  
AApppprrooaacchh AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy   AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy   
CCoosstt  AApppprrooaacchh In a 'going concern' scenario, for an 
operating entity, the earning power as 
reflected under the Income and 
Market approaches, are of greater 
importance to the basis of amalgamation, than the value arrived on the net asset basis, which is of limited relevance. Therefore, BDO have not considered Asset / Cost approach for valuation since the asset / cost approach does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business operations in a "going concern scenario". In a 'going concern' scenario, for an operating entity, the earning power as reflected 
under the Income and Market 
approaches, are of greater importance to the basis of amalgamation, than the value arrived on the net asset basis, which is of limited relevance. Therefore, BDO have not considered Asset / Cost approach for valuation since the asset / cost approach does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business operations in a "going concern scenario". 
IInnccoommee  AApppprrooaacchh Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) Method under the Income Approach has been considered based on the forecast ﬁnancial statements. Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) Method under the Income Approach has been considered based on the forecast ﬁnancial statements.
 
MMaarrkkeett  AApppprrooaacchh MMaarrkkeett  PPrriiccee  MMeetthhoodd::  
 The shares of Amalgamating Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges and there are regular M
Maarrkkeett  PPrriiccee  MMeetthhoodd::  
 The shares of Amalgamated Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges and there 
191
VVaalluuaattiioonn  
AApppprrooaacchh AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy   AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy   
transactions in their equity shares 
with reasonable volumes on BSE and NSE. Hence, Market Price Method under the Market Approach has been considered for valuation of Amalgamating Company. The volume weighted average share price observed on NSE (due to higher volumes on NSE) for Amalgamating 
Company over a reasonable period 
has been considered for determining value under the market price methodology.     C
Coommppaarraabbllee  CCoommppaanniieess  MMuullttiippllee  
MMeetthhoodd::  
 Comparable Companies Multiple Method ("CCM") (EV/EBITDA) is used for determining and arriving at the fair value of Amalgamating Company, since there are comparable companies operating in similar 
businesses in India. BDO have 
selected comparable companies and the multiples based on business description, size, proﬁtability, etc. in comparison with Amalgamating Company. are regular transactions in their equity shares with reasonable volumes on BSE and NSE. Hence, Market Price Method under the Market Approach has been considered for valuation of Amalgamated Company. The volume weighted average 
share price observed on NSE 
(due to higher volumes on NSE) for Amalgamated Company over a reasonable period has been considered for determining value under the market price methodology.
 
 C
Coommppaarraabbllee  CCoommppaanniieess  
MMuullttiippllee  MMeetthhoodd::  
 Comparable Companies Multiple Method ("CCM") (EV/EBITDA) is used for determining and arriving at the fair value of Amalgamated Company, since there are 
comparable companies 
operating in similar businesses in India. BDO have selected comparable companies and the multiples based on business description, size, proﬁtability, etc. in comparison with Amalgamated Company. 
CCoonncclluussiioonn BDO considered weighted average 
approach for the various methods i.e. DCF method (50%), Comparable Companies Method (25%) and Market Price method (25%). Based on the above, BDO considered weighted average approach for the various methods i.e. DCF method (50%), Comparable Companies Method (25%) and Market Price method (25%). 
 
        GGTT  ––  BBAASSIISS  OOFF  VVAALLUUAATTIIOONN  
 
 GT carried out independent analysis using generally accepted valuation 
methodologies in arriving the valuation for Scheme. Both Amalgamating 
Company and Amalgamated Company are listed entities. The approach adopted 
by the registered valuer determining the same is summarized as under:   
 
 
192
ACC Limited
VVaalluuaattiioonn  
AApppprrooaacchh AAmmaallggaammaattiinngg  CCoommppaannyy   AAmmaallggaammaatteedd  CCoommppaannyy   
CCoosstt  AApppprrooaacchh The Net Asset Value (NAV) method, 
which is based on a company's 
ﬁnancial statements and reflects the book value of its assets and liabilities, was not adopted for the valuation of the speciﬁed companies since it does not account for future cash generation or current market realities, relying 
instead on historical data that may 
not represent the business's true 
worth as a going concern.  The Net Asset Value (NAV) method, which is based on a company's ﬁnancial statements and reflects the book value of its assets and liabilities, was not adopted for the valuation of the speciﬁed companies since it does not account for future cash generation or current market realities, relying 
instead on historical data that may 
not represent the business's true 
worth as a going concern.  
IInnccoommee  
AApppprrooaacchh The DCF method has been adopted to estimate the equity value of 
Amalgamating Company, relying on 
ﬁnancial projections and management input to forecast future cash flows and discount them at an appropriate rate. The DCF method has been adopted to estimate the equity value of 
Amalgamated Company, relying on 
ﬁnancial projections and management input to forecast future cash flows and discount them at an appropriate rate. 
MMaarrkkeett  
AApppprrooaacchh MMaarrkkeett  PPrriiccee  MMeetthhoodd::  
 The equity shares of Amalgamating Company are listed on NSE and BSE and there are regular transactions in its equity shares with adequate volumes. Thus, the share prices observed on NSE over a reasonable period, considering the volume traded was higher on NSE than BSE, have been considered for arriving at the value per equity share of Amalgamating Company under the Market Price method.  C
Coommppaarraabbllee  CCoommppaanniieess  MMuullttiippllee  
MMeetthhoodd::  
 Under this methodology, appropriate valuation multiples (EV/MTPA installed capacity) of comparable listed companies are computed and applied to the installed capacity of Amalgamating Company in order to arrive at a multiple based valuation. In identifying the comparable companies, certain parameters like similarity in business activity, ﬁnancial performance, size of operations etc. were considered. M
Maarrkkeett  PPrriiccee  MMeetthhoodd::  
 The equity shares of Amalgamated Company are listed on NSE and BSE and there are regular transactions in its equity shares with adequate volumes. Thus, the share prices observed on NSE over a reasonable period, considering the volume traded was higher on NSE than BSE, have been considered for arriving at the value per equity share of Amalgamated Company under the Market Price method.  C
Coommppaarraabbllee  CCoommppaanniieess  MMuullttiippllee  
MMeetthhoodd::  
 Under this methodology, appropriate valuation multiples (EV/MTPA installed capacity) of comparable listed companies are computed and applied to the installed capacity of Amalgamated Company in order to arrive at a multiple based valuation. In identifying the comparable companies, certain parameters like similarity in business activity, ﬁnancial performance, size of operations etc. were considered. 
CCoonncclluussiioonn GT considered weighted average 
approach for the various methods i.e. DCF method (50%), Comparable Companies Method (25%) and Market Price Method (25%). GT considered weighted average approach for the various methods i.e. DCF method (50%), Comparable Companies Method (25%) and Market Price method (25%). 
 
193
 Both BDO and GT have recommended a share exchange ratio of 328 (three 
hundred twenty eight) equity shares of Amalgamated Company of face value of Rs. 2/- (Indian Rupees Two Only) each fully paid up for every 100 (One Hundred) 
equity shares of Amalgamating Company of face value of Rs. 10/- (Indian Rupees 
Ten Only) each fully paid up ("Share Exchange Ratio"). 
 
 No special valuation difﬁculties were found by the registered valuers. The 
valuation report and the fairness opinions were placed before the respective 
Board of Directors of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated 
Compa