 
 
 
 
 
August 24, 2026 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
Market Operations Department, 
The BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. Capital Market Operations 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Fl., Plot No.C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
  
Scrip Code: 500003        Scrip Code: AEGISLOG 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015  
 
In furtherance to our earlier disclosures dated March 26, 2026 and August 10, 2026 we Aegis 
Logistics Limited (“the Company”) would like to inform Exchanges that the Company and 
Aegis Terminal (Pipavav) Limited (“ATPL”),Step-down Subsidiary Company, has executed 
today, i.e. August 24, 2026, the Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”), to transfer specialized 
storage terminal for Ammonia with static capacity of 36,000 MT at Pipavav Port, to ATPL via 
slump sale on going concern basis on such terms and conditions as contained in the BTA.  
 
The details, as required pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR read with SEBI Master 
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 is 
enclosed as an Annexure A. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AEGIS LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Sneha Parab 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl. : As above   
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Disclosures in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-
CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, and other applicable SEBI Circular(s) 
 
Sr. No. Particulars  
 Details 
a)  the amount and percentage of the turnover 
or revenue or income and net worth 
contributed by such unit or division or 
undertaking or subsidiary or associate 
company of the listed entity during the last 
financial year As the specialized storage terminal for 
Ammonia at Pipavav Port was recently 
commissioned on August 10, 2026 by the 
Company thus, turnover and net worth 
contribution of the unit as on 31st March, 
2026 is not applicable. 
 
b)  date on which the agreement for sale has 
been entered into;  
 August 24, 2026. 
 
c)  the expected date of completion of 
sale/disposal  
 August 24, 2026. 
 
d)  consideration received from such 
sale/disposal;  
 The consideration to be received by the 
Company against transfer of specialized 
storage terminal for Ammonia at Pipavav  
Port will be INR 5,250,000,000 (Indian 
Rupees Five Hundred Twenty-five Crores 
only) upon execution of BTA. 
 
e)  brief details of buyers and whether any of 
the buyers belong to the promoter/ 
promoter group/group companies. If yes, 
details thereof;  
 Aegis Terminal (Pipavav) Limited (“ATPL”) is 
the step-down subsidiary of the Company, is 
the buyer. 
 
f)  whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s length”; 
 The transaction is a related party 
transaction and is undertaken at arm’s 
length basis. 
g)  whether the sale, lease or disposal of the 
undertaking is outside Scheme of 
Arrangement? If yes, details of the same 
including compliance with regulation 37A 
of LODR Regulations Yes, transaction is outside the Scheme of 
Arrangement. 
 
Provision of Regulation 37A of the 
SEBI(LODR) Regulations is not applicable as 
the specialized storage terminal for 
Ammonia at Pipavav Port does not fall within 
the definition of “undertaking” as per SEBI 
LODR Regulations. 
h)  additionally, in case of a slump sale, 
indicative disclosures provided for 
amalgamation/merger, shall be disclosed 
by the listed entity with respect to such 
slump sale. Indicative disclosures required are provided 
hereunder: 
Additional disclosures in case of a slump sale (“slump sale” shall mean the transfer of one or more 
undertakings, as a result of the sale for a lump sum consideration, without values being assigned 
to the individual assets and liabilities in such sales.)  
i)  name of the entity(ies) forming part of the 
slump sale amalgamation/merger, details 
in brief such as, size, turnover etc.; 
 
 Aegis Logistics Limited (“the Company”) and 
Aegis Terminal (Pipavav) Limited (“ATPL”) 
 
 
 
 
 
j)  whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s length”; 
 Refer above point no.(f) 
k)  area of business of the entity(ies); ALL: The Company is, inter alia, engaged in 
the business of developing owning and 
operating a network of shore-based tank 
farm installations in India to provide 
logistics solutions for oil, gas, chemicals, 
and petrochemical industries. 
 
ATPL: The primary business of ATPL is 
Storage, terminalling facilities of Oil, 
chemicals and petroleum products.  
 
l)  rationale for slump sale amalgamation/ 
merger The storage terminal for Ammonia 
strengthens Group’s position in the 
specialized chemicals and gas logistics 
sector and provides critical infrastructure to 
support the growing demand from the 
fertilizer, industrial and emerging clean 
energy value chains. The Transfer of storage 
terminal for Ammonia to ATPL will 
consolidate the terminalling services under 
the Group, enabling operational synergy. It 
has the potential to create a new growth 
platform for Group by leveraging the 
expertise in sourcing, logistics and 
distribution, while expanding the Group’s 
presence into a strategically important 
product segment. 
m)  in case of cash consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange ratio; 
 Cash Consideration. Refer above point no.(d)  
n)  brief details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed entity No change in the shareholding pattern of the 
Company. 
 
 
 
 
  