 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code – 544350  Symbol  : AGARWALEYE  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:  Notice convening the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited 
in relation to the Scheme of amalgamation between Dr. Agarwal’s Eye  Hospital Limited 
(“AEHL” ) and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care  Limited ( “AHCL ”) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors (“Scheme”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the  
Companies Act, 2013 read with rules and/or regulations framed thereunder  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read  with  Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  
 
This is with respect to the captioned subject, reference and our  letter dated  May  11, 2026 , intimating 
the pronouncement of Order by the Hon’ble N ational Company Law Tribunal , Chennai Bench  
(“Hon’ble NCLT”) , for convening of the respective meetings of the (a) Equity  Shareholders; (b) Secured 
Creditors and (c) Unsecured Creditors of AEHL  and AHCL on  July 02, 2026,  for the purpose of 
considering and, if thought fit, approving with or without modification(s) the  amalgamation embodied 
in the Scheme . 
 
In pursuance of which, we wish to inform you that, as per the directions of the Hon’ble NCLT , vide its 
Order dated May 05, 2026,  the NCLT c onvened meeting of the Equity Shareholders of AHCL, shall be 
held on Thursday, July 02, 2026  at 12:30 P.M. IST  at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai - 600 
014.  
 
The Notice  convening the aforesaid meeting of the Equity Shareholders of AHCL, together with the 
Explanatory Statement in terms of Sections 102, 230, 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013  read with Rule 6 of the Companies ( Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules  2016 , SEBI Listing  Regulations , and applicable  circulars issued by SEBI read with 
the Observation Letters issued by the Stock Exchanges,  are enclosed herewith.  
 
The Company has engaged the services of 
National  Securities Depository  Limited  
(“NSD L”), for facilitating the e -voting 
process  (remote and venue)  which shall be 
made available during the  given period:  
 Ref: AHCL/202 6-27/C014 June  01, 202 6 
Commencement of 
Remote e -voting period  Sunday, June 07, 2026 at 
09:00 A.M. (IST)  
Conclusion of  
Remote e-voting period  Wednesday, July 01, 
2026 at 05:00 P.M (IST)  
 
 
The Notice is being sent  through electronic mode to those equity shareholders  whose email addresses 
are registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depositories / Depository 
Participants as on Friday, May 22, 202 6.  
 
Only those equity shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members / Register of 
Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on Wednesday , June 0 3, 2026 , being the Cut -Off 
date fixed for this purpose, shall be eligible to exercise their voting rights on the resolution.  
 
Equity Shareholders  who have not updated their email addresses as aforesaid, thereby not being in 
receipt of the Notice, are requested to update their email addresses as per the instructions given in 
the enclosed Notice.  Furthermore , equity shareholders are requested to carefully read the detailed 
instructions on voting either through  NSD L’s e -voting (remote  / venue) facility  or via polling papers  at 
the meeting.  
 
This Notice, Explanatory Statement and Annexures thereto, are also hosted on the Company’s website 
at: https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -meeting -documents .    
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above.  
 
  DR. AGARWAL'S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  
CIN:  L85100TN2010PLC075403  
Regd., Office:  6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet,  Chennai  600 018 
Tel: +91 44 4378 7777 ; Website:  www.dragarwals.co.in  ; Email:  secretarial@dragarwal.com  
 
NOTICE OF THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF DR. AGARWAL'S HEALTH CARE 
LIMITED CONVENED AS PER THE DIRECTIONS OF THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW 
TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI  BENCH (“NCLT” OR "HON’BLE TRIBUNAL”)  IN ITS ORDER DATED MAY 05, 2026  
 
Day Thursday  
Date  July 02, 2026  
Time  12:30  P.M. (IST)  
Venue of meeting  As per the directions of the Hon’ble  Tribunal, the Meeting 
is being conducted  at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, 
Chennai – 600 014  
Cut-off date for dispatching the notice to 
eligible shareholders  Friday, May 2 2, 2026  
Cut-oﬀ date for voting (including remote e -
voting, e -voting at the meeting and voting 
through polling papers )  Wednesday , June 0 3, 2026  
Remote e -voting start date and time  Sunday, June 07, 2026  at 09:00  A.M.  (IST)  
Remote e -voting end date and time  Wednesday, July 01, 2026  at 05:00 P.M  (IST)  
  
  
 
 
2 
 Sl. No.  Index  Page no.  
1.  Notice of the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care 
Limited under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”)  read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“CAA Rules”)  (“Notice”)   
2.  Explanatory Statement in terms of Sections 102, 230 (3), 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act read with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) , SEBI 
Master Circular on “Scheme of Arrangement by Listed Entities ” dated June 20, 
2023 (“SEBI Master Circular”)  and other applicable circulars issued by  SEBI  read 
with the Observation  Letters issued by National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
and BSE Limited dated February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026 respectively 
(“Statement”)   
Annexures  – Click Here to view the Annexures  
3.  Scheme  of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“AEHL”)  
and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  (“AHCL ”) and their Respective Shareholders 
and Creditors (“Scheme”)  - Annexure I  
4.  Share valuation cum share exchange ratio report dated August 26, 2025,  issued  
jointly by Registered Valuers M/s. PwC Business Consulting Services LLP,  (IBBI  
Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/02/2022/158) and M/s. Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP,  
(IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/06/2022/172) - Annexure II   
5.  Fairness  Opinion(s)  dated August 26, 2025,  issued by M/s. Kotak Mahindra Capital 
Company Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000008704) and M/s. Motilal Oswal 
Investment Advisors Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000011005)  Independent 
Merchant Banker(s)  - Annexure IIIA and Annexure IIIB   
6.  Observation  letters  issued by the National  Stock  Exchange  of India Limited (“NSE” ) 
and the BSE Limited (“BSE”)  dated February 16, 2026,  and February 17, 2026,  
conveying their no adverse observations / no -objection for filing the Scheme with 
NCLT, respectively provided in Annexure  IVA and Annexure IVB  
7.  Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of AHCL and AEHL pursuant 
to Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 explaining the effect of the 
Amalgamation, etc. - Annexure VA and Annexure VB  respectively   
8.  Statutory Auditors’ Certificates dated August 27,2025 on conformity of accounting 
treatment, issued by M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, 
Statutory Auditor  to AHCL and AEHL - Annexure VIA and Annexure VIB 
respectively   
9.  Audited Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of AHCL as on March 
31, 2025 - Annexure VII   
10.  Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AHCL  as on December 31,  
2025 - Annexure  VIII  
11.  Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of AHCL as on March 31, 
2026 - Annexure IX   
12.  Audited Financial Statements of AEHL as on March 31, 2025 - Annexure X   
 
 
3 
 Sl. No.  Index  Page no.  
13.  Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AEHL as on December 31,  
2025  - Annexure XI  
14.  Audited Financial Results of AEHL as on March 31, 2026 - Annexure XII   
15.  Copy of the Order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai 
Bench (“NCLT” or “Hon’ble Tribunal”) dated May 05, 2026  (“Order”)  - Annexure 
XIII  
16.  Additional information, as prescribed in Annexure L of stock exchange checklist in 
the application submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as 
advised by NSE and BSE in their observation letters dated February 16, 2026, and 
February 17, 2026 conveying their no adverse observations / no -objection  are 
provided in Annexure X IVA and Annexure X IVB respectively.    
17.  List of all  ongoing adjudication or recovery proceedings, prosecutions initiated, or 
any other enforcement actions taken against AHCL and AEHL, its promoters, or its 
directors, before any statutory or regulatory authority - Annexure X V    
18.  Report on Complaints  submitted by AEHL and AHCL to BSE and NSE  pursuant to 
the requirements of the Master Circular - Annexure X VIA and Annexure X VIB 
respectively   
19.  Share Capital build -up since incorporation and the Annual Return in form MGT -7 
(comprising the shareholding pattern) filed by AEHL and AHCL with the Registrar 
of Companies  during the last 3 years - Annexure X VIIA and Annexure X VIIB 
respectively   
 
Note: The Notice of the Meeting, Statement made in terms of Section 102, 230(3), 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act read with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, the SEBI Listing Regulations, SEBI Master 
Circular and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI re ad with the Observation Letters issued by National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited and dated February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026  
respectively and Annexure - I to Annexure – XVIIB constitute a single and complete set of documents and  
should be read together as they form an integral part of this document.  The same are also hosted on the 
Company’s website at: https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -meeting -
documents .  
 
 
4 
 FORM NO. CAA. 2  
[Pursuant to Section 230 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 6 and 7 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016]  
 
BEFORE THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI  BENCH  
CA(CAA)  No. 19/230/ CHE /202 6 
 
IN THE MATTER OF SECTION 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATION) 
RULES, 2016  
 
AND  
 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION  
 
AMONGST  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S EYE HOSPITAL LIMITED (“TRANSFEROR COMPANY”)  
 
AND  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED (“TRANSFEREE COMPANY”)  
 
AND  
 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
 
 
DR. AGARWAL’S EYE HOSPITAL LIMITED  
CIN: L85110TN1994PLC027366  
A Company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956,  
having its registered office situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity,  
1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai  600 018  
 
... Applicant Company No. 1/ Transferor Company  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  
CIN: L85100TN2010PLC075403  
A company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956,  
having its registered  office situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity,   
1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600 018  
 
... Applicant Company No. 2 / Transferee Company  
 
 
 
5 
 NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF  DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE 
LIMITED  
 
To 
The Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
1. NOTICE is hereby given that vide Order dated May 05 , 2026 (“Order ”) in the Company Scheme 
Application No. CA(CAA) . No. 19/CHE/202 6, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai 
Bench (“ NCLT ” or “ Hon’ble Tribunal ”) has directed, inter alia , that a meeting of the equity 
shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited be convened and held on  Thursday, July 02, 
2026 at 12:30 P.M. (IST) to consider, and if thought fit, to approve, the Scheme of Amalgamation 
amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited  (“AEHL ” or “ Transferor Company ”) and Dr. Agarwal’s 
Health Care Limited  (“AHCL ” or “ Transferee Company ” or “ Company ”) and their respective 
shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 201 3 (“Scheme”) .  
 
2. Pursuant to the Order, the Hon’ble Tribunal has directed that the Meeting be convened at The 
Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014 (“Meeting ”), in compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) read with any other applicable provisions of the Act, along with 
the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamation) Rules, 2016 (including any 
statutory modifications(s), or re -enactment thereof, for the time being in force), and Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations ”) read with the SEBI Master  circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -
2/P/CIR/20 23/93 dated June 20, 2023 (“ SEBI Master Circular ”) and any other applicable circulars 
issued by SEBI and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings as issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (“ SS-2”), each as amended and restated from time to time.  
 
3. The Scheme, if approved by the equity shareholders of AHCL  as per Section 230(6) of the Act read 
with Regulation 37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations , the SEBI Master Circular and other applicable 
circulars issued by SEBI, if any, will be subject to subsequent approval of the Hon’ble Tribunal and 
such other approvals, permissions and sanctions from any other regulatory or statutory 
authority(ies) as may be deemed necess ary. In terms of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 , Regulation 44  of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and the SEBI Master Circular, AHCL  has provided the facility of voting by e-Voting to 
its shareholders . 
 
4. The facility for voting  through (i) an e-voting system and (ii) polling papers  (i.e. for proxies) shall 
also be made available at the venue of the meeting and the equity shareholders  / their proxies  
attending the meeting who have not already cast their vote by remote e -voting shall be able to 
exercise their right to vote at the Meeting  through the e-voting  system / polling papers, as 
applicable.  
 
5. The Company has engaged the services of National  Securities Depository  Limited (“ NSDL”) for the 
purpose of providing the facility of remote e -voting prior to the Meeting and e -voting during the 
 
 
6 
 Meeting. The equity shareholders may refer to the ‘Notes’ to this Notice for detailed instructions 
and further details on remote e -voting prior to the Meeting and e -voting at the Meeting.  
 
6. The Hon’ble Tribunal has appointed Shri L . N. Gupta , IAS(R) and Former Member NCLT , as the 
Chairperson of the Meeting, including for any adjournments thereof. Further, the Hon’ble Tribunal 
has appointed  Shri Shivam Parashar  as Scrutinizer for the Meeting, including any adjournments 
thereof, to scrutinize the process of remote e -Voting prior to the Meeting as well as voting 
(including e -voting and voting through polling paper s) during the Meeting, to ensure that it is fair 
and transparent.  
 
7. The scrutinizer shall , after the conclusion of e-voting and  polls at the Meeting, first count the votes 
cast at the meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e -voting and shall make 
a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes, if any, 
and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and submit  his combined report to the 
Chairperson of the Meeting. The scrutinizer shall also specifically report with regard to the result 
of the remote e -voting  and voting d uring the Meeting in respect of the Public Shareholders (which 
term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Rules, 1957, in compliance with SEBI Master Circular). The scrutinizer’s decision on 
the validity of the votes shall be final. The results of the votes cast through remote e -voting  and 
voting during the Meeting including the specific results of the votes cast by the Public 
Shareholders, shall be declared  within 2 working days from the conclusion of the meeting in line 
with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations . The results, together with the scrutinizer’s 
report, will be displayed at the registered office of the Company.  
 
8. The Statement in terms of Sections 102, 230 (3), 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act 
read with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, SEBI Listing Regulations, SEBI Master Circular and other 
applicable circulars issued by SEBI read with the Observation Letters issued by National Stock 
Exchange of India Limi ted and BSE Limited  dated February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026 
respectively  are enclosed herewith . A copy of this Notice  and the Statement  are also hosted on 
the website of the (i) Company at  https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -
convened -meeting -documents   (ii) NSD L at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  (being the agency  
appointed by the Company to provide remote e -Voting and other facilities for the Meeting), (iii) 
stock exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed, i.e., BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com , and www.nseindia.com  respectively, and 
(iv) SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in .  
 
9. The resolution(s) for approval of the Scheme shall, if passed by a majority in number representing 
three -fourths in value of the equity shareholders of the Company casting their votes, as aforesaid, 
pursuant to Section 230(6) of the Act,  be deemed to have been duly passed on the date of the 
Meeting, i.e., Thursday, July 02, 2026 . Further, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the votes 
cast by the public shareholders in favour of the Scheme are more than the number of votes cast 
by the public shareholders against it as per the SEBI Master  Circular.  
 
 
 
7 
 10. The equity shareholders are requested to consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without 
modification(s) the  following resolution s for approval of the Scheme by the requisite majority as 
specified in Section 230(6) of the Act and the SEBI Master Circular : 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and  other  applicable provisions  
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, the National Company Law Tribunal Rules, 2016 and other rules 
and/or regulations made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s), amendme nt(s), 
clarification(s), circular(s), notification(s), or re -enactment thereof for the time  being  in force), the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI” ) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, read with the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/ HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 
dated June 20, 2023 and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI from time to time and relevant 
provisions of othe r applicable laws, in each case as may be amended or restated from time to time,  
Section 2(6) of the Income -tax Act 2025  (corresponding to the erstwhile section (1B) of the Income -
tax Act, 1961) , other relevant provisions of the Income -tax Act, 2025 read with applicable Income -
tax Rules, 2026 made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s), 
clarification(s), circular(s), notification(s), or re -enactment thereof for the time  being  in force ), the 
Observation Letters issued by National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited dated 
February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026 respectively, enabling prov isions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company and all other applicable rules, regulations, 
guidelines, notifications, circulars and clarifications issued thereunder by the Government of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affa irs, SEBI, National Stock Exchange of India Limited, BSE Limited and/or 
any other statutory or regulatory authority(ies), in each case as may be amended, modified, re -
enacted or restated from time to time,  and subject to the sanction of the Hon’ble Nationa l 
Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (hereinafter referred to as “Hon’ble Tribunal”  or “NCLT”)  
and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of any other relevant statutory or regulatory 
authorities as may be required, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Hon’ble Tribunal, or by any statutory  or regulatory authority(ies), 
while granting such consents, approvals and permissions, which may be agreed to by the Board of 
Directors of the Company (hereinaf ter referred to as the “Board” , which term shall be deemed to 
mean and include one or more committee(s) constituted/ to be constituted by the Board or any 
other person authorized by it to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by this 
Resolution), the proposed arrangement e mbodied in the Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Dr. 
Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“ AEHL ” or “ Transferor Company ”) and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care 
Limited (“ AHCL ” or “ Transferee Company ”) and their respective shareholders and cre ditors under 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”) , as 
annexed to this Notice of the NCLT convened Meeting of the equity shareholders, be and is hereby 
approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution and for removal 
of any difficulties or doubts, the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion deem desirable, appropriate,  expedient, 
usual, proper or necessary, to give effect to this resolution and effectively implement the Scheme 
or any other transactions that are incidental or ancillary thereto and to settle any questions, 
 
 
8 
 difficulties or doubts that may arise, including passing such accounting entries and/or making such 
adjustments in the books of account of the Company, transfer/vesting of such assets and liabilities 
as may be considered necessary to give effect to the Sch eme, settling any questions or difficulties 
arising under the Scheme or in regard to the meaning or interpretation of the Scheme or 
implementation thereof or in any matter whatsoever connected therewith, reviewing the position 
relating to the satisfaction of various conditions of the Scheme and, if considered necessary, 
waiving any of those, and to make such modifications, amendments, revisions, edits and other 
changes as may be required to finalise and implement the Scheme, and to  accept such directions, 
modifications, amendments, limitations and/or conditions, if any, at any time and for any reason 
whatsoever, which may be required and/or imposed by the Hon’ble Tribunal or its appellate 
authority(ies) while sanctioning the arrangem ent embodied in the Schem e or by any regulatory or 
statutory authority(ies), or as may be required for the purpose of resolving any doubts or 
difficulties that may arise including passing such accounting entries or making adjustments in the 
books of accounts of the Company as cons idered necessary, while giving effect to the Scheme, as 
the Board may deem fit and proper, and to carry out such modifications, directions and/or 
conditions as may be required, imposed and/or permitted by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal or its ap pellate authority(ies) while sanctioning the arrangement embodied in the 
Scheme, or by any regulatory, statutory, governmental or other authority(ies), and to do and 
perform, and to authorise the performance of, all such acts and deeds as may be necessary,  
desirable or expedient for the implementation of the Scheme and, upon the sanction of the Scheme 
by the Hon’ble Tribunal and receipt of such other approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be 
necessary, to implement and make the Scheme effective,  withou t being required to seek any 
further approval of the equity shareholders and the equity shareholders shall be deemed to have 
given their approval thereto expressly by virtue of this resolution, including approval and 
authorisation to withdraw (and where ap plicable, re -file) the Scheme at any stage for any reason, 
including if any changes and/or modifications suggested, required or imposed by any shareholder 
and/or creditor of the Company, the Hon’ble Tribunal or any other authority are, in the view of the 
Board, not acceptable to the Company, and/or if the Scheme cannot otherwise be implemented, 
and further to approve and authorise the execution of any agreements, deeds, documents, 
declarations, affidavits, writings and other instruments (including any alter ations or modifications 
thereto), whether or not under the common seal of the Company, as may be required from time to 
time in connection with the Scheme.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board may delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred to any 
Director(s) and/or officer(s) of the Company to give effect to these resolutions, if required, as it 
may in its absolute discretion deem fit, necessary or desirable, without any furthe r approval from 
equity shareholders of the Company.”  
 
 
 
June 01 , 2026  
Chennai   As per the directions of the Hon’ble Tribunal  
 
Sd/- 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
9 
 Registered Office:  
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  (CIN: L85100TN2010PLC075403)  
6th Floor, Menon Eternity,  1st Main Road,   
Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600 018  
Website: www.dragarwal s.co.in 
Email: secretarial@dragarwal.com  
 
Notes:  
 
1. In compliance with the Order of the NCLT, Section 108 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, and in accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (“ MCA ”), Regulation 44 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Scheme Circulars and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI, AHCL  
has provided the facilit ies of (i) remote e -voting  prior to the Meeting and (ii) e-voting during the 
Meeting through the platform of National Securities  Depository  Limited (“NSDL”), to enable the 
equity shareholders of the Company c onsider and, if thought fit, approve the Scheme by way of 
passing the Resolution mentioned herein in the following manner:  
 
Manner of voting  Commencement of remote  
e-voting  period  Conclusion of remote  
e-voting  period  
Remote e -voting  Sunday, June 07, 2026  
 at 09:00 A.M. (IST)  Wednesday, July 01, 2026  
at 05:00 P.M (IST)  
 
In addition , the facility to cast votes through e-voting system / polling paper  (i.e. for proxies)  shall 
also be made available on Thursday, July 02, 2026  during the Meeting . Shareholders may exercise 
their votes in only one mode i.e., either by remote e -voting or by voting  at the Meeting. 
Shareholders who cast their votes by remote e -voting may attend the meeting but will not be 
entitled to cast their votes again.  Further, t he equity shareholders are requested to refer to the 
detailed remote e -voting instructions  enclosed herewith . 
 
2. As per the directions provided in the Order of the Hon’ble Tribunal, and in compliance with the 
MCA Circulars, the Notice of the Meeting and the accompanying documents mentioned in the 
Index are being sent through electronic mode via e -mail to those equity  shareholders whose e -
mail addresses are registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent (“RTA”) / 
Depository Participant(s) / Depositories as on Friday , May 2 2, 2026 . In respect of those equity 
shareholders whose e -mail addresses are not regist ered with the Company or their Depository 
Participant(s), a communication shall be sent through speed post providing the web link and a 
static Quick Response code of the Notice of the Meeting and the accompanying documents hosted 
on the website of the Company, along with necessary instructions for accessing the same. The 
Notice convening the Meeting will be published through advertisement in the ‘Business Standard’ 
in English language (All India edition) and ‘Makkal Kural’ in the Tamil language (Tamil Nadu 
edition), having circulation in the State of Tamil Nadu, indicating, inter alia, the day, date and time 
of the Meeting.  
 
 
10 
  
3. Only th ose E quity Shareholders, whose names are recorded in the Register of Members 
maintained by the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agents (“ RTA”) or in the Register of Beneficial 
Owners maintained by the depositories as on the Cut -off Date, i.e.,  Wednesday  June 0 3, 2026 
(“Cut-off date ”) shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights on the resolution proposed in the 
Notice and attend the Meeting. Those who are not shareholders as on the cut -off date should 
accordingly treat this Notice as for information purpose only.  
 
4. The equity shareholders shall be entitled to 1 (one) vote for every 1 (one) share held as on the 
close of business hours on Cut -off Date as per the Register of Members maintained by RTA or in 
the Register of Beneficial Owners as maintained by the depositor ies, i.e., N ational Securities 
Depository Limited (“ NSDL ”)/ Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“ CDSL ”) (NSDL and CDSL 
shall be collectively referred to as “ Depositories ”). 
 
5. In terms of the Tribunal Order and Section 103  of the Act, the quorum for the Meeting of Equity 
Shareholders is 30 (Thirty) Equity  Shareholders attending the Meeting.  Further, in terms of the 
Tribunal Order, in the event the aforesaid quorum for the Meeting is not present at the 
commencement of the Meeting then the Meeting shall be adjourned by 30 minutes and thereafter 
the Equity shareholders present at the Meeting shall be deemed to constitute requisite quorum.  
 
6. In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint equity shareholders whose name 
appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of Members of the Company 
will be entitled to vote at the Meeting.  
 
7. It is clarified that casting of votes by remote e -voting (prior to the Meeting) does not disentitle 
those equity shareholders from attending the Meeting. However, after exercising such right to 
vote through remote e -voting,  an equity shareholder shall not be permitted to vote again at the 
Meeting. In case the equity shareholders cast their vote via both the modes, i.e., remote e -voting  
as well as through voting during the Meeting , then votes cast through remote e -voting  shall 
prevail. Once the vote on a res olution is cast by the equity shareholders, whether partially or 
otherwise, the equity shareholders shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.  
 
8. The Equity Shareholders who are entitled to both attend  and vote at the meeting  (i.e., those who 
have already not cast their votes via remote e -voting) , are entitled to appoint one or more proxies 
to attend and vote instead of himself and a proxy need not be an equity shareholder of the 
Company. The instrument appointing a proxy should however be deposited at the registered 
office of the Company not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting. All 
alterations made in the form of Proxy should be initialed.   
 
9. The attendance slip, proxy form, draft Board resolution/ Authorization letter to appoint 
authorized representative on behalf of the Company/ LLP/ Partnership Firm (if Equity Shareholder  
being a Company/ LLP/ Partnership Firm) and route map are annexed hereto.  
 
 
 
11 
 10. The equity shareholders may note that the documents referred herein are also available on the 
website of the Company at  https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -
meeting -documents  and on the website of the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the 
Company are listed, i.e., BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com   respectively and on the website of NSDL at  
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  and that of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in.  
 
11. Copies of the Notice along with the Statement  can be obtained free of charge, between Monday, 
June 01, 2026  and Thursday , July 0 2, 2026 from  10:00 A.M  (IST)  to 05:00 P.M (IST)  on any day 
(except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays) from the registered office of the Company. 
Alternatively, a written request in this regard, along with details of your shareholding in the 
Company, may be addressed to the Company Secretary at secretarial@dragarwal.com  and the 
Company will arrange to send the same to you at your registered address or share an electronic 
copy thereof to your e -mail address.  
 
12. The Statement pursuant to Sections 102, 230 (3), 232 of the Act read with other applicable 
provisions of the Act read with Rule 6 of CAA Rules , SEBI Listing Regulations, SEBI Scheme Circulars , 
other applicable circulars issued by SEBI read with the Observation Letters issued by National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited dated February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026 
respectively in respect of the business set out in the Notice of the Meeting is annexed hereto.  
 
13. Institutional investors, who are members of the Company, are encouraged to attend and vote at 
the meeting.  
 
14. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 112 and 113 of the Act, the authorized representative of 
body corporate / institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) may 
attend and vote at the Meeting (either in person or by authorised representative) provided they 
send a legibl y scan ned &  certified true copy of the board resolution or governing body resolution  
/ authority letter  / power of attorney of the Board, etc. together with attested specimen 
signature(s) of the duly authorized  representative(s). The said resolution  / authorisation, self -
attested by the person so authorized to attend the Meeting, shall be either (i) uploaded at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  while casting the vote (or) (ii) emailed to AHCL  at 
secretarial@dragarwal.com  and the Scrutinizer at shivam.parashar13@gmail.com  before casting 
their vote .  
 
Please note that in the absence of receipt of the aforementioned documents (viz. Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter along with attested specimen signatures), the 
votes cast by the authorized representatives of such body corporate or in stitutional shareholders  
either at the venue of the meeting (or) through e -voting platform  shall be treated as invalid.  
 
15. Subject to the receipt of requisite majority of votes in favour of the Scheme, i.e., majority of 
persons representing three -fourths in value of shares voted (as per Sections 230 to 232 of the Act) 
and majority of public shareholders i.e., number of votes cast by the public shareholders  in favour  
are more than the number of votes cast by the public shareholders against it, the Resolution 
 
 
12 
 proposed in the Notice shall be deemed to have been passed on the date of the Meeting, i.e.,  
Thursday, July 02, 2026  and the votes cast through remote e -voting and voting at the Meeting 
will be considered for this purpose.  
 
16. The equity shareholders are requested to carefully read all the Notes set out herein and in 
particular, instructions  and manner of casting vote through remote e -voting prior to the Meeting 
(or) voting (including e -voting and voting through polling paper) during the Meeting.  
 
17. Members holding shares in demat mode, who have not registered their email addresses are 
requested to register their email addresses with their respective depository participants and 
members holding shares in physical mode , if any, are requested to update their email addresses 
with the Company / its RTA by sending an email to secretarial @dragarwal.co m / 
einward.ris@kfintech.com  to receive the Notice in electronic mode. Members may follow the 
process detailed below for registration of email ID to obtain the Notice, user ID / password for 
remote e-voting  and e -voting during the meeting . 
 
18. Members who would like to express their views or ask questions during the meeting may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request from their registered email address mentioning 
their name, DP ID and Client ID / folio number, PAN, mobile numbe r at secretarial@dragarwal.com   
from Monday, June 01, 2026 to Wednesday, July 01, 2026 . Those Members who have registered 
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views / ask questions during the 
meeting. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the 
availability of time for the meetin g. 
 
19. The voting results shall be declared by the Chairperson of the Meeting within two working days 
from the conclusion of the Meeting and the same shall be available on the websites of the (i) 
Company  at: https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -meeting -
documents   and (ii) NSD L at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ . The results shall also be filed with 
the NSE and BSE Limited where the Company’s Equity shares are listed. The Chairperson shall 
report the result of the meeting to the NCLT in Form No. CAA 4, as per Rule 14 of the CAA Rules 
within 03 (three) days of the conclusion of the Meeting.  
 
  
 
 
13 
 E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS  FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E -VOTING:  
 
The remote e -voting period begins on June 07, 2026, at 09:00 A.M. and concludes on July 01, 2026 at 
05:00 P.M. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on 
the record date (cut -off date) i.e. June 03, 2026, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of 
shareholders shall be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the cut -off date, being June 03, 2026.  
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e -Voting system?  
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below:  
 
STEP 1: ACCESS TO NSDL E -VOTING SYSTEM  
 
A) LOGIN METHOD FOR E -VOTING FOR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN 
DEMAT MODE  
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020, on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partic ipants. Shareholders are advised to 
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e -Voting facility.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN DEMAT MODE IS GIVEN 
BELOW:  
 
Type of 
shareholders  Login Method  
 
INDIVIDUAL 
SHAREHOLDERS 
HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN 
DEMAT MODE 
WITH NSDL   
1. For OTP based login you can click  
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp . You 
will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and 
you will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e -Voting period or during the appointed time of the 
meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M.  
 
2. Existing IDeAS  user may visit the e -Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner”  icon under 
 
 
14 
 “Login”  which is available under ‘IDeAS’  section,  this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e -Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e -Voting”  under e -Voting services and you will be able to 
see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -directed to e -Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or during the 
appointed  time of the meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M.  
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com .  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  
or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp   
 
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Deposito ry 
site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redi rected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period 
or during the appointed time of the meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M.  
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede ” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.  
 
  

 
 
15 
  
INDIVIDUAL 
SHAREHOLDERS 
HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN 
DEMAT MODE 
WITH CDSL   
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi 
/Easiest are requested to visit C DSL website www.cdslindia.com   and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then login using your existing 
my easi username & password.  
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e -Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e -Voting  page of the e -Voting service provider for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or during the 
appointed time of the meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M. Additionally, there is also 
links provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers fo r 
the user to visit the e -Voting service providers’ website directly.  
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com  and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.  
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com  home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers.   
 
INDIVIDUAL 
SHAREHOLDERS 
(HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN 
DEMAT MODE) 
LOGIN THROUGH 
THEIR DEPOSITORY 
PARTICIPANTS   
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility. 
Upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Click on e -Voting 
option, you will be redire cted to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the re mote e -Voting period or 
during the appointed time of the meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M.  
 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.  
 
  
 
 
16 
 HELPDESK FOR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN DEMAT MODE FOR ANY 
TECHNICAL ISSUES RELATED TO LOGIN THROUGH DEPOSITORY I.E. NSDL AND CDSL  
 
Login type  Helpdesk details  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com  or call at 022 - 4886 7000  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at 
toll free no. 1800 -21-09911  
 
 
B) LOGIN METHOD FOR E -VOTING FOR SHAREHOLDERS OTHER THAN INDIVIDUAL 
SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN DEMAT MODE AND SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN PHYSICAL MODE.  
 
How to Log -in to NSDL e -Voting website?  
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
 
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.  
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and your Password (details given 
below) or OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.  
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically.  
 
4. Your User ID details are given below:  
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical   Your User ID is:  
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.  8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.  
 
 
17 
 b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.  16 Digit Beneficiary ID  
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12**************  
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.  EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company  
For example  if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***  
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
 
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote.  
 
b) If you are using NSDL e -Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password.  
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?  
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to 
you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a 
.pdf file. Ope n the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client 
ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for 
shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.   
 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.   
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password:  
 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password? ”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the 
User id/password.  
 
b)  Physical User Reset Password? ” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the User id/password.  
 
 
18 
 c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com  mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.  
 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the voteson 
the e -Voting system of NSDL.  
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.  
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.  
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e -Voting will open.  
 
STEP 2: CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY ON NSDL E -VOTING SYSTEM  
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system?  
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status.  
2. Select “EVEN” of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited to cast your vote during the remote e -
Voting period or during the appointed time of the meeting i.e., 12:30 P.M.  
3. Now you are ready for e -Voting as the Voting page opens.  
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted.  
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.  
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
  
 
 
19 
 General Guidelines for shareholders  
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who ar e authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to shivam.parashar13@gmail.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter"  displayed under  "e-Voting"  tab in their 
login.  
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled 
upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an e vent, you will 
need to go through the “ Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a reque st to (Name of NSDL 
Official) at evoting@nsdl.com   
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice : 
 
1. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
Registrar & Transfer Agent of the Company at the email address: einward.ris@kfintech.com . If 
you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer 
to the login method explained at step 1 (A ) i.e. Login method for e -Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode . 
 
2. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com  for procuring user 
id and password for e -voting by providing above mentioned documents.  
 
  
 
 
20 
 FORM NO. CAA. 2  
[Pursuant to Section 230 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 6 and 7 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016]  
 
BEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH  
 
CA(CAA) No.  19/230/CHE  /2026  
 
IN THE MATTER OF SECTION 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATION) 
RULES, 2016  
 
AND  
 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION  
 
AMONGST  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S EYE HOSPITAL LIMITED (“TRANSFEROR COMPANY”)  
 
AND  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED (“TRANSFEREE COMPANY”)  
 
AND  
 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
 
 
DR. AGARWAL’S EYE HOSPITAL LIMITED  
CIN: L85110TN1994PLC027366  
A Company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956,  
having its registered office situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity,  
1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600 018  
 
... Applicant Company No. 1/ Transferor Company  
 
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  
CIN: L85100TN2010PLC075403  
A Company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956,  
having its registered office situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity,  
1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600 018  
 
... Applicant Company No. 2/ Transferee Company  
 
 
21 
 EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102, 230 (3), 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE 
PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“ACT”) READ WITH RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES 
(COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 (“CAA RULES”), SEBI 
(LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“SEBI LISTING 
REGULATIONS”) READ WITH THE SEBI MASTER CIRCULAR (DEFINED BELOW), OTHER APPLICABLE 
CIRCULARS ISSUED BY SEBI READ WITH THE OBSERVATION LETTERS ISSUED BY NATIONAL STOCK 
EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITE D AND BSE LIMITED DATED FEBRUARY 16, 2026 AND FEBRUARY 17, 2026 
RESPECTIVELY  AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS, EACH AS AMENDED AND RESTATED FROM 
TIME TO TIME, ACCOMPANYING THE NOTICE CONVENING THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS OF DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  (“COMPANY” OR “ AHCL ”) PURSUANT 
TO THE ORDER OF THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI  BENCH, DATED  
MAY 05, 2026  
  
1. This is an explanatory statement (“ Statement ”) accompanying the Notice convening Meeting of 
the equity shareholders of AHCL , pursuant to an order dated May 05 , 2026 passed by the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai  Bench (“ NCLT ” or “ Hon’ble Tribunal ”) in the Company 
Scheme Application CA(CAA) . No. 19/230/CHE/202 6 (“Order ”), to be held on Thursday, July 02, 
2026 (IST) at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014  (“Tribunal Convened Meeting ” 
or “Meeting ”) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving, the proposed Scheme 
of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited  (“AEHL ” / “ Transferor Company ”) 
and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (“ AHCL ” / “ Transfer ee Company ”) and their respective 
shareholders and creditors pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 read with any other applicable 
provisions of the Act (“the Scheme ”), SEBI Listing Regulations , SEBI M aster  Circular dated June 20, 
2023 bearing no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 “Mast er Circular on Scheme of 
Arrangement by Listed Entities ” (“SEBI Master Circular ”) and other applicable provisions, in each 
case as maybe amended or restated from time to time. Copy of the Scheme  can be accessed  at 
Annexure I. Capitalized terms not defined herein and used in the Notice and this Statement shall 
have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Scheme . 
 
2. The Scheme (once approved) will result in the merger of Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited and 
Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited . The merged entity inter -alia brings together significant  
complementarities that exist between both the entities and is poised to create meaningful value  
for various stakeholders, including respective patients, employees, and shareholders of both  
entities. The merger will consolidate the businesses of AHCL and AEHL into a single entity, enabling  
operational and financial efficienc ies through streamlined functions and agile decision -making. It  
will provide unified capital allocation and a stronger balance sheet to support future growth,  
alongside a simplified legal, regulatory and governance framework. Overall, the transaction is  
expected to enhance shareholder value and be EPS accretive from the first year of  
implementation .  
 
3. The Scheme was placed before the Company’s Audit Committee  and the Committee of 
Independent Directors at their respective meetings held on August 26, 2025 and the Board of 
Directors at its meeting  held on August 27, 2025 . On the basis of their respective evaluation and 
independent judgment and in consideration of, inter alia , the valuation cum share entitlement 
 
 
22 
 ratio report dated August 26, 2025 issued jointly by M/s. PwC Business Consulting Services LLP 
and M/s. Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP Registered Valuers (“ Valuation Report ”), which can be 
accessed at Annexure II, the fairness Opinion(s) dated August 26, 2025 issued by M/s. Kotak 
Mahindra Capital Company Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000008704) and M/s. Motilal Oswal 
Investment Advisors Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000011005) Independent Merchant 
Banker(s), which can be accessed at Annexure IIIA  and Annexure IIIB , the certificate s dated 
August 27, 2025  issued by M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, Statutory 
Auditors of the Company , to the effect that the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme is 
in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and 
applicable rules and other generally accepted accounting principles in India, which can be 
accessed at Annexure VIA (hereinafter referred to as “ Auditor’s Certificate on conformity of 
accounting treatment ”), the Company’s Audit Committee  and Committee of Independent 
Directors , had approved and recommended to the Board of the Directors, the Scheme , at their 
respective meetings held on August 26, 2025 and on the basis of which the Board of Directors had 
considered and approved the Scheme on August 27, 2025 . 
 
4. Particulars of the Companies  involved in the Scheme of Amalgamation  
 
4.1. Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited  
 
i. Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“AEHL” ) is a listed public limited company incorporated on 
April 22, 1994 under the Companies Act, 1956 currently having its registered office situated at 
6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai  600 018, with 
corporate identification number (“ CIN”): L85110TN1994PLC027366, Permanent Account 
Number (“ PAN ”): AAACD2373G , e-mail address: investor@dragarwal.com .  
 
ii. AEHL is engaged in the business of running, owning and managing eye care hospitals, 
pharmacies, etc. and providing a comprehensive range of eye care services. AEHL is a leading 
eye care services chain with a predominant presence in Tamil Nadu. AEHL offers 
comprehensive range of eye care services through its network of over 63 facilities, as of March 
31, 2026, supported by a team of 250+ doctors, treating more than 6,19,800+ patients and 
performed over 72,500 surgeries. The equity shares of AEHL are listed o n BSE Limited and 
operates as a subsidiary of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited, which holds a 72.67% stake.  
 
iii. AEHL’s main objects are set out in its Memorandum of Association,  and the relevant objects 
are set out below:  
 
a. To establish, manage and run hospitals, nursing homes, clinics, medical, research and other 
institutions and establishments for eye care and treatment, other health care facilities, to 
design, construct, promote medicare units, hospitals and facilities for  investigation and 
treatment of all ailments and diseases through all branches of medicines, to provide 
medical relief in ophthalmology, to establish, manage and run emergency medical care 
units, health clubs, eye banks and blood banks.  
 
 
 
23 
 b. To undertake, promote, assist or engage in all kinds of research and development work and 
in setting up hospitals and facilities for manufacturing, and providing, medicines, medical 
equipments, training medical students, nurses and hospital administrators and grant such 
recognitions, diplomas as the Company may prescribe from time to time.  
 
iv. There has been no change in the name and objects of AEHL in the last five (5) years.  
 
With effect from February 05, 2026 , to facilitate better administrative convenience and 
infrastructure requirements, the registered office of  AEHL was shifted within the local limits 
of the Chennai , i.e., from 3rd Floor, Buhari Towers, No.4, Moores Road, Off. Greams Road, 
Chennai  - 600 006  to 6th Floor,  Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, 
Chennai  - 600 018 . 
 
v. AEHL’s share capital as on the date of th is notice is as follows:  
 
Authorized Share Capital  Amount (Rs.)  
2,00,00,000 (Two Crores) Equity Shares of INR 10/ - (Indian 
Rupees Ten) each  20,00,00,000  
Total  20,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital  Amount (Rs.)  
48,32,827 (Forty -Eight Lakhs Thirty -Two Thousand Eight Hundred 
and Twenty -Seven) Equity Shares of INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten) 
each  4,83,28,270  
Total  4,83,28,270  
 
vi. Financial details:  
 
- The Audited Financial Statements of AEHL along with the report of the Statutory Auditors 
for the FY ended March 31, 2025  can be accessed at  Annexure X  ; 
 
- The Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AEHL as on December 31, 2025, 
can be accessed at  Annexure XI.  
 
- The Audited Financial Results of AEHL along with the report of the Statutory Auditors for 
the FY ended March 31, 2026 can be accessed at  Annexure XII .  
 
vii. The details of the Promoter s of AEHL  as on the date of th e notice are as under:  
 
Name  Address  No. of shares 
held  % of 
shareholding  
Dr. Amar Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram , 
Chennai – 600 086  0 0.00%  
 
 
24 
 Name  Address  No. of shares 
held  % of 
shareholding  
Dr. Athiya Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  0 0.00%  
Dr. Adil Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  0 0.00%  
Dr. Anosh Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram , 
Chennai – 600 086  0 0.00%  
Dr. Sunita Agarwal  No. 15, Eagle Street, Langford Town, 
Shanthi Nagar, Bangalore North, 
Museum Road, Bangalore, Karnataka 
560 025  63 0.00%  
Mr. Pankaj Sondhi  No. 15, Eagle Street, Langford Town, 
Shanthi Nagar, Bangalore North, 
Museum Road, Bangalore, Karnataka 
560 025  0 0.00%  
Dr. Ashar Agarwal  No.22, Arunachalam Road, 
Kotturpuram, Chennai – 600 085  5 0.00%  
Dr. Ashvin Agarwal  17/10 Visal House, Cresent St Off ABM 
Avenue, Boat Club, VTC: Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai, Tamil 
Nadu 600 028  5 0.00%  
Dr. Agarwal's 
Health Care Limited  6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main 
Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, 
Chennai 600 018  35,11,925  72.67%  
Total  35,11,998  72.67%  
Note: Since there are no outstanding convertible securities, fully diluted shareholding is not applicable  
 
viii. Details of AEHL’s Directors and KMP as on the date of the notice are as under:  
 
Name  Address  Designation  
Dr. Amar Agarwal  
(DIN: 00435684)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Chairman and 
Managing Director  
Dr. Athiya Agarwal  
(DIN: 01365659)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Whole -Time Director  
Dr. Adil Agarwal  
(DIN: 01074272)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Director  
Mr. Venkatraman 
Balakrishnan  
(DIN: 02825465)  567, 6th Main Road, 3rd Stage, 3rd 
Block, Basaveshwara Nagar, 
Bangalore – 560 079  Independent Director  
Mr. Shiv Agrawal  
(DIN: 00040199)  No.3, Western Avenue, Maharani 
Bagh, New Delhi – 110 065  Independent Director  
 
 
25 
 Name  Address  Designation  
Ms. Latha Ramanathan  
(DIN: 07099052)  No. L -13, Aashiana, No.9 Venus 
Colony, 2nd Cross Street, Alwarpet,  
Chennai – 600 018  Independent Director  
Ms. Meenakshi Jayaraman  
(DIN: NA)  3, Rajaram Street, Radhanagar, 
Chromepet, Kancheepuram – 600 
044 Company Secretary  and 
Compliance Officer  
Mr. Jagannathan  
Yaswanth Venkat  
(DIN: NA)  New No.4, Old No. 10, Ganapathi 
Colony, 2nd Street, Gopalapuram,  
Chennai – 600 086  Chief Financial Officer  
 
4.2. Particulars of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
i. Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  (“AHCL ” / “the Company ”) is a listed public limited company 
incorporated on April 19, 2010 under the Companies Act, 1956 currently having its registered 
office situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai  
600 018, with corporate identification number (“ CIN”) L85100TN2010PLC075403 ; Permanent 
Account Number (“ PAN ”) AADCD4418M ; e-mail address: secretarial@dragarwal.com    
 
ii. AHCL is a trusted brand in the eye care services industry and according to the CRISIL MI&A 
Report dated January 2025 is India’s largest eye care service chain by revenue from operations 
for FY2024. AHCL is also engaged in the business of running, owning and managing eye care 
hospitals, pharmacies, etc. and providing a comprehensive range of eye care services.  With 
long -standing operational history, we endeavour  to address all the needs of our patients in 
their eye treatment journey through a network of 288 Facilities across 14 states and 5 UT in 
India and 19 Facilities across nine countries in Africa , as of March 31, 2026 . The Company has 
a diversified presence, with 87 facilities located in Tier -I cities and 182 facilities in other cities 
across India. AHCL provides end -to-end comprehensive eye care services, including cataract, 
refractive and other surgeries; consultations, diagnoses and non -surgical treatments; and sells 
opticals, contact lenses and accessories, and eye care related pharmaceutical prod ucts. The 
equity shares of AHCL  are listed on the BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited (“ NSE”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “ Stock Exchanges ”). 
 
iii. The Company’s main objects are set out in its Memorandum of Association and the relevant 
objects are set out below : 
 
To acquire, establish, run and maintain hospital(s) for the reception and treatment of persons 
requiring medical attention, to provide medical relief to the public in all branches of medical 
sciences by all available means, to run, own, manage, administer.  Diagnostic Centres, Scan 
Centres, Nursing Homes, Clinics, Dispensaries, Maternity Homes, Child Welfare and Family 
Planning Centres, Clinical Research Organisation, Clinical, Pathological testing laboratories, X -
Ray and ECG Clinics, Eye Care Hospitals, Opt icals and Pharmacies, in India and abroad, to act 
as Consultants and Advisors for providing technical know -how, technical services and allied 
services viz. facility management, biomedical management etc. for the establishment, 
 
 
26 
 operation and improvement of Nursing Homes, Hospitals, Clinics, Medical Institutions, Medical 
Centres, Diagnostics Centres and Laboratories, in India and abroad and to carry out medical 
research by engaging in the research and development of all fields of medical sciences and in 
therapies of medical treatment, so as to afford medical relief in a better way, to provide 
research facilities for carrying on research, basic and applied, in all systems and discipline or 
medical and surgical knowledge.  
 
iv. There has been no change in the name and objects of the Company in the last five (5) years.  
 
With effect from February 05, 2026 , to facilitate better administrative convenience and 
infrastructure requirements, the registered office of AHCL  was shifted within the local limits 
of the Chennai , i.e., from 1st Floor of Buhari Towers, No.4, Moores Road, Off Greams Road, 
Chennai, Near Asan Memorial School, Chennai 600 006  to 6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main 
Road, Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 600 018.  
 
v. The Company’s share capital as on the date of th is notice is as follows:  
 
Authorized Share Capital  Amount ( ₹) 
54,20,00,000 (Fifty Four Crores and Twenty Lakhs) Equity Shares 
of INR 1 (Indian Rupee One) each  54,20,00,000  
35,80,000 (Thirty Five Lakhs Eighty Thousand) Preference Shares 
of INR 100 (Indian Rupees One Hundred) each  35,80,00,000  
Total  90,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital  Amount ( ₹) 
31,69,83,028 (Thirty -One Crores Sixty -Nine Lakhs Eighty Three 
Thousand and Twenty Eight) Equity Shares of INR 1 (Indian Rupee 
One) each  31,69,83,028  
Total  31,69,83,028  
 
vi. Details of stock options under the Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited ESOP Scheme 2022:  
 
- Details of Options Granted (Issued in force) - 22,79,848  
- Details of Options Vested (unexercised) - 7,12,838  
- Details of Options Unvested - 15,67,010  
- Dilution on account of ESOP in post -merger shareholding pattern of the Transferee 
Company:  
  
Category  No. of Shares  % of 
holding  No. of shares 
on a fully 
diluted basis  % of holding on a 
fully diluted basis  
Promoter / 
Promoter Group*  10,25,04,956  30.86  10,25,04,956  30.65  
Public  22,96,68,445  69.14  23,19,48,293  69.35  
Total  33,21,73,401  100 33,44,53,249  100 
 
 
27 
 vii. Financial details:  
 
- The Audited Financial Statements (Consolidated & Standalone) of AHCL along with the 
report of the Statutory Auditors for the FY ended March 31, 2025 can be accessed at 
Annexure VII ; 
 
- The Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AHCL as on December 31, 2025, 
can be accessed at Annexure VIII .  
 
- The Audited Financial Results of AHCL (Consolidated & Standalone) along with the report 
of the Statutory Auditors for the FY ended March 31, 2026 can be accessed at  
Annexure IX . 
 
viii. The details of the Promoters of the Company  as on the date of th e notice are as under:  
 
Name  Address  No. of shares 
held  % of 
shareholding  % of 
shareholding 
on fully 
diluted basis  
Dr. Amar Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  1,41,03,543  4.45  4.42  
Dr. Athiya 
Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  1,41,03,543  4.45  4.42  
Dr. Adil Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  1,40,46,979  4.43  4.40  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram , Chennai 
– 600 086  1,34,16,352  4.23  4.20  
Dr. Ashar 
Agarwal  No.22, Arunachalam 
Road, Kotturpuram, 
Chennai – 600 085  1,41,03,542  4.45  4.42  
Dr. Ashvin 
Agarwal  17/10 Visal House, 
Cresent St Off ABM 
Avenue, Boat Club, 
VTC: Raja 
Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
600 028  1,41,03,543  4.45  4.42  
Dr. Agarwal's Eye 
Institute Private 
Limited  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  43,42,320  1.37  1.36  
 
 
28 
 Name  Address  No. of shares 
held  % of 
shareholding  % of 
shareholding 
on fully 
diluted basis  
Adil Agarwal, 
Anosh Agarwal, 
Ashvin Agarwal 
holding on behalf 
of Dr. Agarwal’s 
Eye Institute 
(Firm)  19, Dr. Agarwal Eye 
Institute, Cathedral 
Road, Chennai 600 086  1,35,40,361  4.27  4.24  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal holding 
on behalf of Dr. 
Adil Agarwal 
Family Trust  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  30 0.00  0.00  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal holding 
on behalf of Dr. 
Ashar Agarwal 
Family Trust  No.22, Arunachalam 
Road, Kotturpuram, 
Chennai – 600 085  30 0.00  0.00  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal holding 
on behalf of Dr. 
Ashvin Agarwal 
Family Trust  17/10 Visal House, 
Cresent St Off ABM 
Avenue, Boat Club, 
VTC: Raja 
Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
600 028  30 0.00  0.00  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal holding 
on behalf of Dr. 
Anosh Agarwal 
Family Trust  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  30 0.00  0.00  
Dr. Anosh 
Agarwal holding 
on behalf of Dr. 
Amar Agarwal 
Family Trust  19, Cathedral Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
– 600 086  30 0.00  0.00  
Total  shareholding of promoter/ promoter 
group  10,25,04,118 * 32.3 4 32.11  
*Note: Ms. Urmila Agarwal who is part of promoter group holds 7,43,785 (0.23%) Equity 
shares included for this calculation.  
 
 
 
29 
 ix. Details of the Company’s Directors and Key Managerial personnel (“ KMP ”) as on the date of 
the notice are as under:  
 
Name  Address  Designation  
Dr. Amar Agarwal  
(DIN: 00435684)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Chairman and Director  
Dr. Adil Agarwal  
(DIN: 01074272)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Whole -time director & 
CEO 
Dr. Anosh Agarwal  
(DIN: 02636035)  19, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Whole -time director  
Dr. Ranjan Ramdas Pai  
(DIN: 00863123)  Esencia, Block 1B Jakkur  Plantation 
Village Main Road, Bangalore North,  
Karnataka – 560 064  Independent Director  
Mr. Venkatraman 
Balakrishnan  
(DIN: 02825465)  567, 6th Main Road, 3rd Stage, 3rd 
Block, Basaveshwara Nagar, 
Bangalore – 560 079  Independent Director  
Mr. Sanjay Dharambir 
Anand  
(DIN: 02501139)  24-H, Ranjith Road, Kotturpuram,  
Chennai 600 085  Independent Director  
Mr. Nachiket Mor  
(DIN: 00043646)  B 101 Gulmohar Apartment, Ceaser 
Road, Filmalaya, Amboli  Village, 
Andheri West, Mumbai – 400 058  Independent Director  
Ms. Archana 
Jayaraman Bhaskar  
(DIN: 02235456)  Flat 800, Block 1 A, Belvedere Lodha 
Bellezza, Kphb Colony, Kukatpally, 
Near RTO Office, Malaysian 
Township, Hyderabad – 500 072  Independent Director  
Mr. Ankur Nand 
Thadani  
(DIN: 03566737)  1101, Floor 11, Monte Carlo, Madan 
Mohan Malviya Road, Mulund West, 
Mumbai – 400 080  Director  
Mr. Thanikainathan 
Arumugam  
(NA)  No.3, F -2, 2nd Floor, Navins May 
Flower Apts, Seethammal Colony, 
Alwarpet , Chennai – 600 018  Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer  
Mr. Jagannathan 
Yaswanth Venkat  
(NA)  New No.4, Old No. 10, Ganapathi 
Colony, 2nd Street, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai – 600 086  Chief Financial Officer  
 
x. As on the date of this notice, the shareholding  of the Promoter s of AHCL are subject to the 
lock-in requirements pursuant to the Minimum Promoters Contribution  under the SEBI (Issue 
of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 . Further, none of the shares to be 
issued by AHCL  to the eligible shareholders of AEHL  shall be subject to any lock -in 
requirements.  
 
 
 
 
30 
 5. Relationship subsisting between the parties to the Scheme :  
 
As on the date of this notice,  AEHL is a subsidiary company of AHCL wherein AHCL holds 72.67% 
of the Equity Share Capital of AEHL . AHCL is a Promoter  Holding Company  to AEHL . Upon the 
Scheme coming into effect, t he investments in the shares of AEHL, as reflecting in the books of 
accounts of AHCL shall, without any further act or deed, shall stand cancelled, written -off, or 
otherwise extinguished . 
 
6. Board Approvals  
 
6.1. The Board of Directors (“ Board ”) of AHCL  and AEHL  at their respective meetings held on 
August 2 7, 2025 , have approved the Scheme of Amalgamation.  
 
6.2. Each of AHCL  and AEHL ’s Boards  adopted separate report s dated August 2 7, 2025 , as per 
Section 232(2)(c) of the Act . The report sets out the scheme’s effect on their respective 
shareholders, KMP, promoters, and non -promoter shareholders, including the share 
entitlement ratio and any valuation difficulties, the salient features and commercial 
rationale for the Scheme.  Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of AHCL and 
AEHL pursuant to Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 explaining the e ffect of the 
Amalgamation, etc., which can be accessed at Annexure VA  and Annexure VB  respectively . 
 
6.3. The Scheme was unanimously approved by all the member s present at the Committee of 
Independent Directors and Audit Committee  of the AEHL & AHCL  at their respective 
meetings held on August 26, 2025 .  
 
6.4. With regard to the meeting of the Board of Directors of AEHL; There were no Directors who 
had voted against the resolution . The names of the directors and their manner of voting at 
this meeting are as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. Names  Voted in favour/ against/  
abstained or Absent  
1.  Dr. Amar Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of 
Section 184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
2.  Dr. Athiya Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of 
Section 184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
3.  Dr. Adil Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of 
Section 184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
4.  Mr. Venkatraman Balakrishnan  Voted in Favour  
5.  Mr. Shiv Agrawal  Absent  
(owing to pre -occupation)  
6.  Ms. Latha Ramanathan  Voted in Favour  
 
 
31 
  
6.5. At the meeting of the Board of AHCL  held on the same date, there were no Directors who 
had voted against the resolution . The names of the directors and their manner of voting at 
this meeting are as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. Names  Voted in favor/ against/  
abstained or Absent  
1.  Dr. Amar Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of Section 
184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
2.  Dr. Adil Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of Section 
184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
3.  Dr. Anosh Agarwal  Did not participate  
(being an ‘Interested Director’ in terms of Section 
184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013)  
4.  Mr. Ranjan Ramdas Pai  Voted in favour   
5.  Mr. Venkatraman 
Balakrishnan  Did not participate  
(being a ‘Common Independent Director’ in AHCL 
& AEHL, recused himself from participation )  
6.  Mr. Sanjay Dharambir Anand  Voted in favour  
7.  Mr. Nachiket Mor  Voted in favour  
8.  Ms. Archana Jayaraman 
Bhaskar  Voted in favour  
9.  Ankur Nand Thadani  Absent  
(owing to pre -occupation)  
 
6.6. The Report of the respective Compan ies’ Audit Committee dated August 26, 2025 , 
recommending the Scheme, and the Report of the Committee of Independent Directors  
dated  August 26, 2025 confirming that the Scheme is not detrimental to the shareholders of 
the AEHL and AHCL , are available on the respective Company’s website at :  
 
a) https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -eye-hospital/#nclt -convened -meeting -documents   
 
b) https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -meeting -documents   
 
7. Salient features of the Scheme  
 
7.1 Amalgamation of AEHL  with and into AHCL : The Scheme is a scheme of amalgamation of Dr. 
Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited  (“AEHL ” / “ Transferor Company ”) with Dr. Agarwal’s Health 
Care Limited  (“AHCL ” / “Transferee Company ”) under Section 2(1B) of the IT Act and Sections 
230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Act. Subject to the provisions of the Scheme in 
relation to the modalities of the Amalgamation, upon the Scheme coming into effect on the 
 
 
32 
 Effective Date, AEHL  shall stand amalgamated into the Company and AEHL ’s undertaking will 
stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company, as a going concern, without any 
further act, instrument or deed.  AHCL  and AEHL  together are referred to as “Parties” or “the 
Companies involved in the Scheme”. Capital terms not defined herein and used in this Notice 
and this Statement shall have the meaning as ascribed to them in the Scheme.  
 
7.2 “Appointed Date”  for the purpose of this Scheme and the IT Act means opening of business 
on April 01, 2026, or such other date as may be fixed or approved by the Tribunal.  
 
7.3 “Effective Date”  means opening hours of the first day of the calendar month immediately 
following the calendar month in which all the conditionalities mentioned in Clause 24 of th is 
Scheme are completed. Any references in the Scheme to “upon the Scheme becoming 
effective” or “upon the effectiveness of this Scheme” or “upon this Scheme coming into 
effect” means and refers to the Effective Date.  
 
7.4 “Share Exchange Ratio ” means for every 2 Transferor Company Shares, 23 Transferee 
Company Shares to be issued to the shareholders of the Transferor Company as of the Record 
Date, as recommended in the Valuation Report supported by the Fairness Opinions.  
 
7.5 Upon the Scheme coming into effect on the Effective Date and in consideration of the 
Amalgamation, the Transferee Company shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, 
issue and allot the Consideration Shares to all Eligible Shareholders, at the Shar e Exchange 
Ratio on the basis of the Valuation Report  and the Fairness Opinions, and all the Transferor 
Company Shares held by the Transferee Company on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled 
without any further application, act or deed.  
 
7.6 If any Eligible Shareholder becomes entitled to a fractional Equity Share to be issued by the 
Transferee Company pursuant to clause 18.1 , the Transferee Company shall not issue such 
fractional Equity Share to such Eligible Shareholder, but the Board of the Transferee Company 
shall, in compliance with Applicable Law, consolidate all such fractional entitlements of all 
Eligible Shareholders and the Board of the Transferee Company shall, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, issue and allot such Conside ration Shares that represent the consolidated 
fractional entitlements to a trustee nominated by the Board of the Transferee Company 
("Trustee 1") and the Trustee 1 shall hold such Consideration Shares, with all additions or 
accretions thereto, in trust for  the benefit of Eligible Shareholders who are entitled to the 
fractional entitlements (and their respective heirs, executors, administrators or successors) 
for the specific purpose of selling such Consideration Shares so allotted on the Stock 
Exchanges at such time or times and at such price or prices and to such other Person, as such 
Person/Trustee I deems fit within 90 (ninety) days from the date of allotment or such other 
period as per the Applicable Law, and on such sale, distribute to the Eligible Shar eholder in 
proportion to their respective fractional entitlements, the net sale proceeds of such Equity 
Shares (after deduction of applicable Taxes and costs incurred and subject to withholding Tax, 
if any). In case the  number of such new shares to be allo tted to the Trustee 1 by virtue of 
consolidation of fractional entitlements is a fraction, it shall be rounded off to the next higher 
 
 
33 
 integer. It is clarified that any such distribution shall take place only after the sale of all the 
Equity Shares of the Transferee Company that were issued and allotted to the Trustee 1 
pursuant to this Clause 18. The allotment of fractional Equity Shares  by the Transferee 
Company to Trustee 1, pursuant to Clause 18.6 and held by the Trustee I on behalf of the 
Eligible Shareholders entitled to fractional entitlements under Clause 18.1, shall be in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 47(vii) of the In come -tax Act, 1961.  
 
7.7 As an integral part of the Scheme and upon the Scheme coming into effect on the Effective 
Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, the authorised share capital of the Transferor 
Company shall be reclassified / reorganised such that 2,00,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/ - 
(Indian Rupees Ten) each of the Transferor Company shall stand reclassified / reorganized as 
20,00,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 1/ - (Indian Rupees One) each . It is clarified that the 
aforesaid reclassification / reorganisation pertains so lely to the authorised share capital of the 
Transferor Company and does not involve any sub -division or alteration of the issued, 
subscribed and paid -up share capital of the Transferor Company;  
 
7.8 Upon the Scheme coming effect on the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed 
Date, and pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized share 
capital of the Transferor Company as stated above, the entire authorized share capital of the 
Transferor Company shall be transferred to the authorized share capital of the Transferee 
Company without any further act, deed or instrument;  
 
7.9 All the shares held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company as on the Effective 
Date shall stand cancelled without any further application, act or deed;  
 
7.10 The Transferee Company Stock Options granted by the Transferee Company to the employees 
of the Transferor Company under the Transferee Company Option Scheme, which have either 
vested or remain unvested and have not been exercised as on the Effective Date, shall 
continue to remain vested or unvested, as the case may be, in accordance with their existing 
terms and conditions as applicable immediately prior to the Effective Date, and shall continue 
to be held by the eligible employees of the Transferor Company  upon the Scheme becoming 
effective, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Transferee Company Option 
Scheme;  
 
7.11 On the coming into effect of the Scheme, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved 
without being wound -up; and  
 
7.12 The effectiveness of the Scheme is conditional upon fulfilment of the ‘Conditions Precedent’ 
as specified in the Scheme, which include:  
 
(i) The receipt of no -objection letters by the Transferee Company and the Transferor 
Company from the Stock Exchanges in accordance with the Listing Regulations and the 
SEBI Scheme Circular in respect of the Scheme (prior to filing the Scheme with the 
Tribunal ); 
 
 
34 
  
(ii) Approval of the members:  
 
a) the requisite majorities in number and value of such classes of members as may be 
directed by the Tribunal or any other competent authority, as may be applicable, 
approving the Scheme;  
 
b) the votes cast by the public shareholders of the Transferee Company in favour of the 
Scheme being more than the number of votes cast by the public shareholders of the 
Transferee Company against the Scheme;  
 
c) the votes cast by the public shareholders of the Transferor Company in favour of the 
Scheme being more than the number of votes cast by the public shareholders of the 
Transferor Company against the Scheme; and  
 
in each case, in compliance with the provisions of the Act, the SEBI Scheme Circular 
and the Listing Regulations that require seeking approval of a Party through e -voting, 
if applicable;  
 
(iii) the requisite majorities in number and value of such classes of secured and unsecured 
creditors as may be directed by the Tribunal or any other competent authority, as may be 
applicable, approving the Scheme;  
 
(iv) the Scheme being sanctioned by the Tribunal under Sections 230 to 232 and any other 
applicable provisions of the Act, and receipt of the certified copies of the order of the 
Tribunal sanctioning the Scheme;  
 
(v) each of the Companies having filed the certified copies of the order of the Tribunal 
sanctioning the Scheme with the ROC within the statutory timelines; and  
 
(vi) there not being any governmental order from any Governmental Authority (other than a 
competition and/or anti -trust authority) that has the effect of making the Amalgamation 
illegal or otherwise restraining or preventing its consummation.  
 
7.13 Summary of valuation report including basis of valuation and fairness opinion of the 
registered valuer, if any, and the declaration that the valuation report is available for 
inspection at the registered office of the company:  
 
M/s. PwC Business Consulting Services LLP (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/02/2022/158) 
(“PwC ”) vide engagement letter dated August 12 , 2025 and M/s. Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP 
(IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/06/2022/172) (“Bansi Mehta ”)  vide engagement letter dated 
July 25, 2025 were engaged as  registered valuers (collectively, “ Registered Valuers ”) to 
determine the fair Share Exchange Ratio (“ SER”) in connection with the Scheme  by the 
 
 
35 
 Companies and the Registered Valuer (s) independently evaluated the appropriateness of 
various widely accepted valuation methodologies to determine the SER.  
 
The summary of the valuation report as submitted by the Registered Valuer (s) is as under:  
 
The Computation of Share Exchange Ratio as derived by the PwC  is as follows:  
 
Valuation Approach  AEHL  AHCL  
Value per 
Shar e (INR)  Weight  Value per 
Shar e (INR)  Weight  
Asset Approach*  NA NA NA NA 
Income Approach  
- DCF Method  5,008  50%  432 50%  
Market Approach  
- Market Price Method  
- CCM Method   
4,554  
5,196   
25%  
25%   
448 
404  
25%  
25%  
Value per Share  4,942  100%  429 100%  
Share Exchange Ratio 
(rounded)  23:2# 
(AHCL: AEHL) 
NA = Not applied/Not applicable  
 
#Narrative: 23 (Twenty -Three) equity shares of AHCL of INR 1/ - each fully paid up  for 
every 2 (Two) equity shares of AEHL of INR 10/ - each fully paid up  
 
*Since the business of AHCL and AEHL are intended to be continued on a “going concern 
basis” and there is no intention to dispose off the assets, therefore the Asset (Cost) 
Approach is not adopted for the valuation exercise.  
 
Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by PwC  
Asset Approach  (Net Asset Value 
method / “NAV”)  The asset -based valuation approach is based on the 
value of the underlying net assets of the business, either 
on a book -value basis or realizable value basis or 
replacement cost basis. Net Asset Value method is used 
where the firm is to be liquidated, does  not meet the 
‘going concern’ criteria or in case where the assets base 
dominates earnings capability. In a going concern 
scenario, the earning power is of importance to the basis 
of amalgamation, with the values arrived at on the net 
asset basis being of limited relevance.  
 
The above assertions would hold true for the businesses 
carried out by the Companies as well. Hence, PwC  did not 
consider it appropriate to give any weightage to the 
 
 
36 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by PwC  
asset -based valuation approach in arriving at the Share 
Exchange Ratio.  
Income Approach (Discounted 
Cash Flow method / “DCF”)  The Income approach converts maintainable or future 
amount (e.g., Cash Flows or income and expenses) to a 
single current i.e., discounted or capitalised amount. The 
valuation is determined based on the value indicated by 
current market expectations about t hose future 
amounts.  
 
Considering the stage of operations of AHCL and AEHL 
and the availability of nature of business, PwC was  
provided with the projected financial information for 
AHCL and AEHL for arriving at the valuation as per 
Income approach.  
 
Projected Revenue Compounded Annual Growth Rate 
(“CAGR ”) for FY2 5–FY30 are as follows:  
Company  CAGR  Key Drivers (include) : 
AHCL  ~22.0%  Strengthening the presence in 
core markets, increasing 
penetration into newer 
markets, higher focus on 
organic growth , brand -building 
initiatives  and favourable 
industry tailwinds . 
AEHL  ~20.6%  Focus on deeper market 
penetration within Tamil Nadu  
and favourable industry 
tailwinds .  
 
Detailed explanation for the projected revenue growth 
has been captured below.  
Market Approach:  
a. Market Price method 
(“MPM”);  
 
b. Comparable Companies’ 
Multiples method (“CCM”);  
 
c. Comparable Companies’ 
Transaction Multiples method 
(“CTM”)  a. The MPM has been considered, given that the equity 
shares of AHCL are listed on NSE and BSE, and equity 
shares of AEHL are listed on BSE and both AHCL and 
AEHL are frequently traded. PwC  has considered the 
market price of AHCL and AEHL basis pricing 
provisions of Chapter V of SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations), 2018  i.e. 
valuation under market price of AHCL  and AEHL  has 
been arrived at based on the higher of 10 -day 
 
 
37 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by PwC  
volume -weighted average price and 90 -day volume -
weighted average price.   
 
b. PwC has computed the fair value based on operating 
EBITDA of the Companies, to which appropriate 
trailing EV/EBITDA multiple of the comparable 
companies have been applied to arrive at the value 
as per CCM method.  
 
Considering the paucity of publicly listed hospitals in 
India focusing exclusively on eye care services, PwC  
relied on the trading multiples of single speciality and 
multi -speciality hospital chains operating in India  as 
the comparable companies , taking into account the 
size and other operating performance of AHCL  with 
below selection criteria :  
 
- Trailing twelve months revenue as at Jun e 30, 
2025  (“TTM Revenues ”) more than INR 10,000 
million ; 
- FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of more than 20% , 
considering AHCL’s FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of 
~38% ; and 
- FY21 to FY25 average EBITDA margin (post 
adjusting for lease rentals) of more than 15%, 
considering AHCL’s FY21 to FY25 adjusted EBITDA 
margins average of 18% .  
 
The comparable companies for AHCL for CCM 
method basis above criteria were as follows:  
 
- Max Healthcare Institute Limited  
- Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited  
- Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences limited  
- Global Health Limited  
- Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited  
- Shalby Limited  
- Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited  
 
The selection criteria for comparable companies for 
AEHL followed by PwC  were as follows:  
 
 
 
38 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by PwC  
- TTM Revenues between INR 1,000 million and INR 
15,000 million;  
- FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of more than 20%, 
considering AEHL’s FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of 
~30%; and  
- FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of more than 15%, 
considering AEHL’s FY21 to FY25 revenue CAGR of 
~22% . 
 
The comparable companies for AEHL for CCM 
method basis above criteria are as follows:  
 
- Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited  
- Shalby Limited  
- Yatharth Hospital & Trauma Care Services Limited  
 
c. The CTM method has not been used due to absence 
of sufficient comparable transactions for AHCL  and 
AEHL , thus PwC  did not rely on CTM for valuing either 
of the Companies.  
 
 
 
 
39 
 The Computation of Share Exchange Ratio as derived by Bansi Mehta  is as follows:  
 
Valuation Approach  AEHL  AHCL  
Value per 
Shar e (INR)  Weight  Value per 
Shar e (INR)  Weight  
Cost Approach*  NA NA NA NA 
Income Approach  
- DCF Method(i)  5,544  50%  471 50%  
Market Approach  
- Market Price Method (ii)  
- Comparable Companies 
Multiples method (iii)   
4,554  
5,404   
25%  
25%   
448 
432  
25%  
25%  
Relative Value per Share 
[Weighted Average of 
(i)(ii) and (iii)]  5,262  100%  456 100%  
Fair Equity Share 
Entitlement Ratio 
(rounded off)  23:2# 
(AHCL: AEHL) 
NA = Not applied/Not applicable  
 
#Narrative: 23 (Twenty -Three) equity shares of AHCL of INR 1/ - each fully paid up for 
every 2 (Two) equity shares of AEHL of INR 10/ - each fully paid up  
 
*Cost Approach based on the net asset value would not capture the future outlook and the 
growth prospectus of the Companies. Therefore, we have not used cost approach to 
determine the value.  
 
 
Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by Bansi Mehta  
Cost  Approach   This approach involve s determining the valuer of the 
asset based on the cost that will have to be incurred to 
recreate/ replicate the asset with substantially the same 
utility as that of the asset under valuation. In a going 
concern scenario  earning power of a business, is of 
greater importance and cost approach based on the net 
asset val ue of a company do not capture the future 
outlook and growth potential.  
 
Hence, Bansi Mehta  did not consider it appropriate to 
use cost approach for  arriving at the Share Exchange 
Ratio.  
Market Approach   
 a. MPM involves determining the market prices of an 
entity based on its traded price on the stock 
 
 
40 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by Bansi Mehta  
a. Market Price method (“MPM”);  
 
b. Comparable Companies’  
Multiples method (“CCM”);  
 
c. Comparable Companies’  
Transaction Multiples method 
(“CTM”)  exchange over a reasonable period of time . The 
equity shares of AHCL are listed on NSE and BSE, and 
equity shares of AEHL are listed on BSE , both of  which 
are frequently traded.  
 
Valuation under market price of AHCL and AEHL has 
been arrived at based on the higher of 10 -day 
volume -weighted average price and 90 -day volume -
weighted average price.   
 
b. Bansi Mehta has computed the fair value based on 
operating EBITDA of the Companies, to which 
appropriate EV/EBITDA multiple of the comparable 
companies have been applied to arrive at the value 
as per CCM method.  
 
The Comparable Companies for AHCL were selected 
based on the following parameters:  
 
- Sector criteria  – Active listed companies in the 
healthcare industry operat ing only as hospitals  
- Revenue criteria  – Companies with revenue 
more than Rs. 1 ,000 Crores but less than Rs. 
5,000 Crores for trailing twelve months ended 
June 30, 2025  
- Market capitalization criteria  – Companies with 
Market capitalization more than Rs. 5,000 crores 
based on the 3 month weighted average price 
(“WAP”) for the period ended  August 22, 2025 . 
 
The comparable companies for AHCL for CCM 
method basis above criteria were as follows:  
 
- Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
- Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited  
- Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited  
- Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited  
- Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
- Global Health Limited  
- Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences Limited  
 
The comparable companies for AEHL were selected 
based on the following parameters:  
 
 
41 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by Bansi Mehta  
 
- Sector criteria – Active listed companies in the 
healthcare industry operating only as hospitals  
- Revenue criteria – Companies with revenue less 
than Rs. 2,500 Crores for trailing twelve months 
ended June 30, 2025  
 
The comparable companies for AEHL for CCM 
method basis above criteria were as follows:  
 
- Artemis Medicare Services Limited  
- Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
- Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited  
- Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited  
- Indraprastha Medical Corporation Limited  
- Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited  
- Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited  
- Shalby Limited  
 
c. Bansi Mehta  observed that there are no transactions 
of comparable sized operations as that of AHCL  and 
there was a transaction in comparable space for 
AEHL . However , in a relative valuation , a valuer 
should strive to have parity in the approaches for 
valuing the two Companies. Hence , Bansi Mehta  had 
only tested the transaction multiple based on 
information available in the public domain with the 
output observed under CCM method .  
 
 
 
42 
 Valuation methodology  Remarks based on Valuation report  by Bansi Mehta  
Income Approach  The Income approach converts maintainable future 
amount s (e.g., Cash Flows or income and expenses) to a 
single current (i.e., discounted or capitalised ) amount. 
This approach is based on earnings is relevant in case of 
companies generating a steady stream of income.  Bansi 
Mehta  had used this approach for valuation of shares of 
the Companies.  
 
For the purpose of computing value under this approach , 
Bansi Mehta  had relied on the projections provided by 
the Companies .  
 
Projected CAGR  for FY2 5–FY30 are as follows:  
Company  CAGR  Key Drivers (include) : 
AHCL  ~22.0%  Strengthening the presence in 
core markets, increasing 
penetration into newer 
markets, higher focus on 
organic growth , brand -building 
initiatives  and favourable 
industry tailwinds . 
AEHL  ~20.6%  Focus on deeper market 
penetration within Tamil Nadu  
and favourable industry 
tailwinds .  
 
Detailed explanation for the projected revenue growth 
has been captured below.  
 
Commentary on projected Revenue CAGR - AHCL  
 
The valuation projections considered for AHCL reflects a  projected CAGR of ~22% over FY25 -
30, higher than the industry’s projected revenue CAGR of 12 -14% between FY24 and FY28, 
according to a CRISIL report dated January 2025. It is to be noted that historically also, the 
growth rate for AHCL has been higher than the industry growth. As per the CRISIL report, while 
the Indian eye care industry grew at a CAGR of 11.5% over FY19 -24, AHCL grew at a CAGR of 
~30% during the same peri od. The high growth is attribu table primarily to the shift of 
consumer preference from unorganized to organized players along with inorganic growth 
from acquisitions.  AHCL management expects the trend of increasing share of organized 
players to continue considering the current industry mix of organized v/s unorganized players 
(as per the CRISIL report, as at 2024, the share of organized players is only ~13 -15%) . The 
projected revenue CAGR of ~22% for FY25 to FY30 is lower than the historical CAGR, primarily 
 
 
43 
 due to a progressively higher revenue base, along with the expectation of organic growth 
going forward.  
 
Commentary on projected Revenue CAGR – AEHL  
 
The valuation projections considered for AEHL reflects a projected CAGR of ~21% over FY25 -
30, higher than the Indian eye care industry’s projected revenue CAGR of 12 -14% between 
FY24 and FY28  (CRISIL report dated January 2025 ). AEHL’s growth is expected to be higher 
than the overall industry growth due to factors similar to AHCL, as highlighted above, with 
focus on deeper market penetration within Tamil Nadu, where it primarily operates. The 
projected revenue CAGR of ~2 1% for FY25 to FY30 is lower than the historical CAGR  of ~25% 
over FY22 to FY25 , primarily due to a progressively higher revenue base.  
 
Further, M/s. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000008704) 
and M/s. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000011005) , 
independent merchant banker (s) have provided fairness opinion on the share exchange ratio 
SER as recommended by the Registered Valuers . 
 
A copy of the Valuation Report  can be accessed at Annexure II. Fairness  Opinion(s)  dated 
August 26, 2025  issued by M/s. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited (SEBI Registration 
no. INM000008704) and M/s. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited (SEBI Registration 
no. INM000011005) Independent Merchant Banker(s),  can be accessed at Annexure IIIA  and 
Annexure IIIB . 
 
The copies of the Valuation Report and the Fairness Opinion(s) are available for inspection at 
the Registered Office of the Company.  
 
8. Share Capital / Debt Restructuring: The pre/ post -scheme shareholding pattern of the parties 
to the Scheme is set out in Para 17(j)  of this Explanatory Statement. Further it is herewith 
informed that pursuant to clause 21.1 of the Scheme, the authorised share capital of the 
Transferor Company shall be reclassified / reorganised such that 2,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 
INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten) each of the Transfero r Company shall stand reclassified / 
reorganized as 20,00,00,000 Equity Share of INR 1/ - (Indian Rupees One) each and it is clarified 
that approval of the equity shareholder(s) of the Transferor Company to this Scheme shall be 
deemed to be their consent/approval to the reclassification of the authorised share capital 
envisaged under this Clause 21  of the Scheme, as required under Sections 13, 61 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act. It is clarified that the aforesaid reclassification / 
reorganisation pertains solely to the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company and 
does not involv e any sub -division or alteration of the issued, subscribed and paid -up share 
capital of the Transferor Company.  There is no debt restructuring envisaged in the Scheme.  
  
 
 
44 
 9. Rationale and benefits of the Scheme:  
 
The Parties believe that the Amalgamation pursuant to th e Scheme would, inter alia, have the 
following benefits:  
 
A. Operational and financial efficiencies:  
 
i. Integration of operations leading to more efficient and economical management of the 
business;  
 
ii. Streamlined functions, standardized protocols, enhanced operational, organizational 
and financial efficiencies and transparency, and achieving economies of scale by 
pooling of resources;  
 
B. Integrated Capital Allocation for Stronger Growth:  
 
i. A unified capital structure will allow for a more efficient allocation of capital and 
resources, and will also enable prioritization of strategic investments;  
 
ii. More efficient management of working capital and cash flows by optimizing the use 
of existing cash balances and providing unrestricted access to combined cash  
resources, which can be strategically deployed for growth and continued operations;  
 
C. Simplified Legal, Regulatory and Governance Framework:  
 
i. Dedicated, specialized management focus on a single entity, fostering agility and 
enabling strategic alignment;  
 
ii. Consolidation of administrative and managerial functions and elimination of multiple 
record -keeping, inter alia other expenditures and optimal utilization of resources;  
 
D. Shareholder Value Creation:  
 
i. Accretion in terms of earnings per share from the first year of the implementation of 
the Scheme that will benefit all the stakeholders of AHCL and AEHL, leading to 
opportunity for growth and value creation in the long run and maximizing the value 
and retu rns to the shareholders;  
 
ii. alignment of interest of all stakeholders of both Companies and streamlining of the 
corporate structure.  
 
Further, the Transferee Company was listed on the Stock Exchanges on February 4, 2025, 
pursuant to an initial public offering of its Equity Shares. In its prospectus dated January 31, 
2025, the Transferee Company disclosed its intention to explore a potent ial merger with the 
 
 
45 
 Transferor Company within three (3) years from the date of listing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, prevailing market conditions, and assessment of business synergies, in 
furtherance of which, the Transferee Company and the Transferor Company ar e entering into 
this Scheme of amalgamation.  
 
10. Amounts due to Unsecured Creditors  
 
The amounts due to the respective Unsecured Creditors by AHCL  and AEHL  as on December  
31, 2025, are as follows:  
 
Particulars  Amount in Crores  (INR)  
AHCL  199.60  
AEHL  44.64  
 
11. Amounts due to Secured Creditors  
 
The amounts due to the respective Secured creditors by AHCL and AEHL as on December 31, 
2025, are as follows:  
 
Particulars  Amount in Crores (INR)  
AHCL  73.84  
AEHL  85.77  
 
The Scheme does not involve any arrangement between the Company and its Creditors (or 
any class of them) in terms of Section 230(1)(a) of the Act as : (a) there is no compromise and/ 
or arrangement with the creditors; (b) the creditors of AHCL  and AEHL  will be paid in full in 
the normal course of business as per the agreed terms; and (c) there is no diminution in the 
liability owed by AEHL  and AHCL  to their respective creditors, and hence, their interests are 
not affected in any way. Additionally, with respect to AEHL , no liability of the secured creditors 
or the  unsecured creditors are being reduced or extinguished under the Scheme. Upon 
effectiveness of the Scheme, dues payable by AEHL  to its secured and unsecured creditors will 
be paid by AHCL  in the ordinary course of business as and when their dues are payable in 
accordance with the terms of arrangement entered into with such creditors.  
 
12. Sequence of Key Events  
 
Date  Event  
August 27, 2025  Board approval for Scheme of Amalgamation and Issuance of 
1,32,827 equity shares of  AEHL to AHCL by way of a  preferential issue , 
having face value of ₹ 10 each, at a price of ₹ 5,270 per share  
September 17, 2025  Receipt of in -principal approval  by AEHL  from BSE for Issuance of 
1,32,827 equity shares of AEHL  to AHCL by way of a preferential issue, 
having face value of ₹ 10 each, at a price of ₹ 5,270 per share  
 
 
46 
 Date  Event  
September 24, 2025  Shareholders' approval for issuance of 1,32,827 equity shares of  
AEHL to AHCL by way of a preferential issue (“Preferential  
Allotment”), having face value of ₹ 10 each, at a price of ₹ 5,270 per  
share  
February 16, 2026  Receipt of NOC from NSE for scheme of amalgamation between AHCL 
and AEHL  
February 17, 2026  Receipt of NOC from BSE  for scheme of amalgamation between AHCL 
and AEHL  
March 0 4, 2026  Filing of the application before the Hon’ble National Company law 
Tribunal, Chennai  Bench  
May  05, 2026  Receipt of order from NCLT convening meeting of the equity 
shareholders , Secured Creditors  and unsecured creditors of AHCL  
and AEHL . 
 
13. Effect of the Scheme on Stakeholders  
 
The Board of Directors of AHCL and AEHL had, respectively adopted separate  report s on 
August 27, 2025 , outlining the effect of the Scheme on various stakeholders of AHCL  and AEHL 
pursuant to Section 232(2)(c) of the Act  (available at  Annexure VA and Annexure VB ). The 
effect of the Scheme on various stakeholders, inter -alia, those covered under the Report s 
approved by the Board s of AHCL  and AEHL respectively is provided below:  
 
(a) Effect of the Scheme on equity shareholders  (promoter and non -promoter shareholders):  
 
i. AEHL (Transferor Company) & AHCL (Transferee Company) has equity shareholders  
and has no other class of shareholders.  
 
ii. Pursuant to the Scheme,  AEHL  shall be merged into and with AHCL .  
 
iii. Upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon the amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company into the Transferee Company in terms of the Scheme, the Transferee 
Company shall issue and allot to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company 
whose names appears: (i) in the register of members of the Transferor Company; 
and/or (ii) as the beneficial owner of the Transferor Company in the record of the 
depositories, on the Record Date, or to such of their respective heirs, executors, 
administrat ors or other legal representatives or other successors, in title as may be 
recognized by the Board of the Company, fully paid up equity shares, free and clear 
from all encumbrances together with all rights and benefits attaching thereto in the 
following ratio:  
 
“For every 2 Transferor Company Shares, 23 Transferee Company Shares to be issued 
to the shareholders of the Transferor Company as of the Record Date, as 
recommended in the Valuation Reports supported by the Fairness Opinions. ”  
 
 
47 
  
iv. As far as the existing shareholders of  AHCL are concerned (promoter shareholders as 
well as non -promoter shareholders), the issuance of fully paid up equity shares in 
AHCL  to the eligible shareholder s of the AEHL will result in dilution of holding of 
promoter group in the AHCL’s  shares by approximately 1.48 % and in turn will increase 
the public shareholding of the AHCL’s  shares to that extent.  
 
v. The equity shares to be issued and allotted by the Transferee Company in the manner 
set out above shall be issued simultaneously following effectiveness of the Scheme 
and shall rank pari passu  in all respects with the then existing equity shares of the 
Company.  
 
vi. The Scheme is expected to have several benefits for the Transferee Company, as 
indicated in the rationale of the Scheme set out in Part D of the Scheme and is 
expected to be in the best interests of the shareholders of the Company.  
 
(b) Effect of the Scheme  on Key Managerial Personnel : 
 
i. Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, all 
employees of the Transferor Company (including the key managerial personnel) as on 
the Effective Date, will stand transferred to the Transferee Company and will become 
the empl oyees of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions or such 
terms which shall not be less favourable than those on which they are employed by 
the Transferor Company with or without the same designation.  
 
ii. There shall be no effect of the Scheme on the existing key managerial personnel of 
the Transferee Company. The effect of the Scheme on the interests of the key 
managerial personnel and their relatives holding shares in the Transferee Company, 
is not differ ent from the effect of the Scheme on other shareholders of the Transferee 
Company.  
 
iii. The key managerial personnel of the Transferor Company who are shareholders of the 
Transferor Company will be allotted shares of the Transferee Company, like the other 
shareholders of the Transferor Company. Please refer to Para 13 (a) above for details 
regarding effect on the shareholders . 
 
(c) Effect on Creditors:  
 
Under the Scheme, no arrangement or compromise is being proposed with the creditors 
(secured or unsecured) of the Transferor and Transferee Company. The liability of the 
creditors of the Transferor and Transferee Company, under the Scheme, is neither being 
reduced nor being extinguished.  
 
 
 
 
48 
 (d) Effect on Directors:  
 
The Scheme will have no effect on the office of the existing directors of AHCL. The 
composition of the Board of Directors of AHCL may change by appointments, retirements 
or resignations in accordance with the provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations  and 
the charter documents of AHCL. Upon the Scheme coming into effect,  the Board of 
Directors of AEHL, shall, without any further acts, resolutions, filings, instruments, or 
deeds, cease to exist and stand dissolved . To the extent the directors of AEHL / AHCL hold 
shares, if any, in AEHL, the directors of respective companies, like any other shareholder 
of AEHL, will receive equity shares in AHCL based on the Share Entitlement Ratio . 
 
(e) Effect on Deposit holders and Deposit Trustees:  
 
As of the date of this Notice, neither AHCL  nor AEHL  has any outstanding deposits or any 
subsisting obligations toward s the  depositors. Consequently, the Scheme of Arrangement 
will have no effect on any deposi t holders and deposit trustees , as there are no such 
stakeholders associated with either of the companies,  
 
(f) Effect on Debenture holders and Debenture Trustees:  
 
Neither AHCL  nor AEHL  has issued any debentures, whether secured or unsecured, and 
there are no outstanding debenture holdings as on date. Accordingly, the Scheme will 
have no impact on debenture holders  / debenture trustee , and the rights of any such class 
of creditors do not fall within the purview of this Arrangement.  
 
(g) Effect on Employee:  
 
i. Upon coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all the 
Employees of the Transferor Company as on the Effective Date, shall become the 
employees or consultants or professions (as the case may be) of the Transferee Company, 
without any further act, instrument or deed undertaken by either of the Companies, on 
terms and conditions which are overall no less favourable than those that were applicable 
to such Employees as on the Effective Date, with the benefit of continuity of ser vice and 
without any break or interruption in service as a result of the Amalgamation.  
 
ii. The Transferee Company Stock Options granted by the Transferee Company under the 
Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited ESOP Scheme 2022 (“ Transferee Company Option 
Scheme ”) to the eligible employees of the Transferor Company, which have either vested 
and have not been exercised or remain unvested as on the Effective Date, shall not be 
impacted on account to the Scheme. Further, these stock options shall continue to 
remain vested or unvested, as the case may be, in accordance with their existing terms 
and condit ions as applicable immediately prior to the Effective Date, and shall continue 
to be held by the eligible employees of the Transferor Company upon the Scheme 
 
 
49 
 becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Transferee Company Option Scheme.  
 
iii.  There shall be no effect of the Scheme on the existing employees of the Transferee 
Company. The effect of the Scheme on the interests of the employees  and their relatives 
holding shares in the Transferee Company, is not different from the effect of the Scheme 
on other shareholders of the Transferee Company.  
  
As mentioned above, there will be no adverse eﬀect on account of the Scheme on any of the 
aforesaid stakeholders. The Scheme is proposed to the advantage of all concerned, including 
the said stakeholders.  
 
14. Disclosure about the effect of compromise or arrangement on material interests of the 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and Debenture Trustee:  
 
The Directors and KMPs holding shares of AHCL  and AEHL , if any, do not have any other 
interest in the Scheme otherwise than that as a shareholder of such Companies. Further, none 
of the Directors  (except to the extent of common directorships, as applicable) , KMP s / their 
relatives of AHCL and AEHL are concerned or interested, financially , materially or otherwise in 
the proposed Scheme.  Neither AHCL nor AEHL has issued any debentures, whether secured 
or unsecured, and there are no debenture holders/ debentur e trustees as on date of this 
Notice.  
 
15. List of ongoing investigations or proceedings, against AHCL  and AEHL under the Act:  
 
As on the date of the Notice, there are no investigations or proceedings pending against AHCL  
and AEHL under the provisions of the Act . 
 
16. Transfer of Authorized share Capital:  
 
In terms of Clause 22 .1 of the Scheme, As an integral part of the Scheme and upon the Scheme 
coming into effect on the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, and 
pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized share capital of 
the Transferor Comp any as set out in Clause 21 above, the entire authorised share capital of 
the Transferor Company shall be transferred to and be combined/amalgamated with the 
authorized share capital of the Transferee Company without any further act, deed or 
instrument.  It is clarified that the aforesaid reclassification / reorganisation pertains solely to 
the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company and does not involve any sub -division 
or alteration of the issued, subscribed and paid -up share capital of the Tran sferor Company.  
 
In accordance with Section 232(3)(i) of the Act and Applicable Law, the stamp duties and/or 
fees (including registration fee) paid on the authorised share capital of the Transferor 
Company shall be deemed to be utilized and applied to the increased authori sed share capital 
of the Transferee Company pursuant to this Clause 22.2 and no separate stamp duties and/or 
 
 
50 
 fees would be payable for the increase in the authorised share capital of the Transferee 
Company to the extent of fees already paid by the Transferor Company on the authorised 
share capital of the Transferor Company.  
 
Various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected therewith in the 
manner set out in the Scheme. Further, the above details are the salient features of the 
Scheme. The equity shareholders are requested to read the entire text of the Sch eme available 
at Annexure I. 
 
17. Other  key matters in relation to the Scheme.  
 
Following are the other key matters in relation to the Scheme which includes disclosures 
required under the SEBI Master Circular and the stock exchange observation letters dated 
February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026  issued by NSE and BSE : 
 
a. Need for merger, Rationale of the Scheme, synergies of business of the entities involved in 
the Scheme, impact of the Scheme on the Shareholders and Cost benefit analysis of the 
Scheme:  
 
The Amalgamation will result in the consolidation of the business of the Companies into a 
single entity and will inter alia result in the various  benefits  and synergies as contemplated 
above in Para 9  of this Statement.  
 
Regarding the impact of the Scheme on the shareholders of the Companies, you are kindly 
requested to refer Para 13(a)  of this Statement.  
 
Cost benefit analysis : The Scheme is expected to provide an opportunity to improve the 
economic value for the companies involved in the Scheme and their stakeholders pursuant to 
the consolidation. This is primarily on account of revenue and cost synergies which are 
expected to accrue  to AHCL and AEHL on account of the scheme. While the proposed 
amalgamation would lead to transaction costs relating to its implementation, the long -term 
benefits of the scheme are expected to outweigh such costs for AHCL and AE HL and their  
stakeholders.  
 
b. Reason for undertaking the Scheme of Arrangement within a short span of listing of AHCL:  
 
AHCL was listed on the Stock Exchanges on February 4, 2025, pursuant to an initial public 
offering of its Equity Shares. In its prospectus dated January 31, 2025, AHCL  disclosed its 
intention to explore a potential merger with the AEHL within three (3) years from the date of 
listing, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, prevailing market conditions, and assessment 
of business synergies, in furtherance of which, the AHCL  and AEHL  announced this proposed 
Scheme of amalgamation.  
 
 
 
51 
 AEHL has been listed on BSE Limited since April 10, 1995 and is one of the Material Subsidiaries 
of AHCL. As of March 31, 2026, AHCL holds 72.67% of the equity shares of AEHL. AEHL is 
engaged in, among other things, the business of providing comprehensive services in the eye -
care segment covering range of surgeries for ailments such as cataract, refractive, retinal, 
corneal, glaucoma, and squint among many others, diagnosis and non -surgical treatments, 
doctor consultations, and the sale of optical and eyeca re related pharmaceutical products.  
 
Further the doctors who work on a consultancy basis are engaged by AHCL as well as AEHL. 
The expansion of AEHL over the years can be attributed to a combination of organic greenfield 
hospitals and refurbishment or relocation of existing facilities supported by a combi nation of 
internal accruals and debt. AEHL has continued its focus in Tamil Nadu and has initiated the 
process of building a large hospital at Cathedral Road, Chennai.  
 
The merger of AEHL with AHCL will result in the consolidation of the businesses of the 
Companies into a single entity and will inter alia  result in the various benefits and synergies 
which are provided above in Para 9  of this Statement summarized as below:  
 
• Streamlined functions and a unified corporate structure to drive efficiency via better 
utilization of combined resources with agile decision making  
 
• Seamless allocation of combined capital base to drive expansion and growth; larger capital 
base to enhance financing & fund -raising capacity for future growth  
 
• Unification of entities to reduce complexity, duplication and compliance costs, with 
simplification of corporate & governance structure to enhance transparency.  
 
• Merger expected to benefit shareholders across AHCL & AEHL; expected to be EPS 
accretive from first year of implementation.  
 
c. Number of complaints received and brief details of complaints received,  and response 
provided by the AEHL and AHCL:  
 
The copies of the Complaints report in relation to the Scheme of amalgamation submitted by 
AEHL and AH CL with BSE Limited and NSE pursuant to the requirements of the Master Circular 
are available at Annexure  XVIA and Annexure X VIB respectively.  
 
d. Pre and Post Scheme net worth of the Companies based on the financials of the entities as 
on December 31, 2025 (Being a date not older than 6 months from the date of NOC of 
respective Stock Exchange):  
  
 
 
52 
 i. AHCL  
 
Particulars  Pre Scheme 
Amalgamation Net worth  
(₹ in crores)  Post Scheme 
Amalgamation Net worth  
(₹ in crores)  
A) Equity  31.65  33.17  
Equity Share Capital  31.65  33.17  
B) Other Equity  1942.22  2192.27  
General Reserve  - 0.83  
Securities Premium  2,061.27  2,061.27  
Retained Earnings  (131.02)  118.20  
Capital Redemption Reserve  0.04  0.04  
ESOP Reserve  11.93  11.93  
Amalgamation Adjustment 
Deficit Reserve ^ - - 
Net worth (Total A + B)  1973.87  2225.44  
 
* The pre – scheme amalgamation net worth ha s been determined on the basis of the 
Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AHCL as on December 31, 2025.  
 
** The post – scheme amalgamation net worth as at December 31, 2025, has been determined 
on the basis of the Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) as on December 31, 
2025, of AHCL and AEHL as at December 31, 2025, after eliminating intercompany 
adjustments and the AHCL’s investment in the AEHL. These figures are provisional and 
intended to illustrate the impact on the AHCL’s financial position if the Proposed Scheme had 
been effected as on December 31, 2025. These figures are subject to change on t he Effective 
Date (as defined in the Proposed Scheme) and the actual financial position after the Proposed 
Scheme of Amalgamation becomes effective may differ from the above figures.  
 
^ Amalgamation Adjustment Deficit Reserve to be created out of the Proposed Scheme 
becoming effective is excluded in the computation of the net worth in accordance with section 
2(57) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended.  
 
ii. AEHL  
 
Particulars  Pre Scheme  Amalgamation  
Net worth * 
(₹ in crores)  Post Scheme Amalgamation 
Net worth ** 
(₹ in crores)  
a) Equity  4.83  
N.A.  Equity Share Capital  4.83  
b) Other Equity  325.09  
General Reserve  0.83  
Securities Premium  75.04  
 
 
53 
 Particulars  Pre Scheme  Amalgamation  
Net worth * 
(₹ in crores)  Post Scheme Amalgamation 
Net worth ** 
(₹ in crores)  
Retained Earnings  249.22  
Net worth (Total A + B)  329.92  
 
* The pre – scheme amalgamation net worth as at December 31, 2025, have been determined 
on the basis of the Supplementary Accounting Statement (Unaudited) of AHCL as on 
December 31, 2025.  
 
** The post - scheme amalgamation net worth has been stated as Not Applicable (NA) since 
the Transferor Company, i.e. Dr. Agarwal's Eye Hospital Limited, shall stand dissolved without 
being wound up upon the Proposed Scheme becoming effective.  
 
For the purpose of the above calculation, the definition of "net worth" as defined in section 
2(57) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, has been considered.  
 
e. Details of Registered Valuer issuing valuation report and Merchant Banker issuing Fairness 
opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share -Swap Ratio and rationale 
for using above methods:  
 
The shareholders are herewith informed to kindly refer to Para 7.13 of this Statement in this 
regard.  
 
f. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of AH CL and A EHL for last 3 years:  
 
The details of the Revenue, PAT and EBITDA of AHCL based on its standalone financials are set 
out below:  
 
Particulars  FY 2025  
(in Cr.)  FY 2024  
(in Cr.)  FY 2023  
(in Cr.)  
Revenue from Operations (Rs.)  1043.89  835.06  597.64  
Profit After Tax (Rs.)  21.93  23.83  31.59  
EBIDTA  298.91  268.38  176.98  
YoY growth rate of Revenue (%)  25.01%  39.73%  65.28%  
YoY growth rate of PAT (%)  -7.97%  -24.56%  Not meaningful  
EPS  
Basic  0.74  0.90  1.34  
Diluted  0.73  0.90  1.34  
Industry growth rate(%)  12.6%  12.3%  -5.7%  
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 The details of the Revenue, PAT and EBITDA of A EHL based on its standalone financials are set 
out below:  
 
Particulars  FY 2025  
(in Cr.)  FY 2024  
(in Cr.)  FY 2023  
(in Cr.)  
Revenue from Operations(Rs.)  397.15  319.3  268.1  
Profit After Tax(Rs.)  54.65  46.36  36.92  
EBIDTA  123.59  96.03  76.45  
YoY growth rate of Revenue(%)  24.38%  19.10%  33.24%  
YoY growth rate of PAT(%)  17.88%  25.57%  53.20%  
Basic EPS 116.28  98.64  78.55  
Industry growth rate(%)  12.6%  12.3%  -5.7%  
 
AEHL operates a mature, well -established portfolio of facilities, driving strong and consistent 
profitability. AHCL, on the other hand, is in an aggressive growth phase with 70% of its facilities 
added in the last five years thereby resulting in marginally  lower EBITDA margins currently.  
 
g. Details of growth rate considered while projecting the future cash flows of Transferor 
Company and Transferee Company with respect to the income approach considered in 
Valuation report and the basis for considering the growth rate while considering the fut ure 
cash flows:  
 
The shareholders are herewith informed to kindly refer to Para 7.13 of this Statement in this 
regard.  
 
h. Latest financials AH CL and A EHL not older than 6 months from the date of NOC of Stock 
Exchanges : 
 
The latest Supplementary F inancials  (Unaudited)  of AH CL and A EHL, as on December 31, 2025 
has been up loaded on the website s of AHCL and AEHL at:  
 
- https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -eye-hospital/#nclt -convened -meeting -documents    
- https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#nclt -convened -meeting -documents    
 
Further the summary of the financials as on December 31, 2025 is as follows:  
 
Particulars  AHCL  
(₹ in crores)  AEHL  
(₹ in crores)  
Revenue from Operations  945.53  350.86  
Profit After Tax (Rs.)  28.85  53.86  
EBIDTA  242.65  115.83  
Nine month ended YoY  
growth rate of Revenue  (%) 23.94  18.00  
 
 
55 
 Particulars  AHCL  
(₹ in crores)  AEHL  
(₹ in crores)  
Nine month ended YoY 
growth rate of PAT (%)  729.91  39.32  
Basic EPS 0.91  113.46  
 
The aforementioned financials are available  at Annexure  VIII and Annexure  XI. 
 
i. Pre and Post Scheme Capital Structure of A EHL and AH CL 
 
The Pre -Scheme Capital Structure of AEHL and AHCL as on the date of the Notice are disclosed 
above in Para 4.1. and Para 4.2.  of this Statement respectively.  
 
• Post Scheme Capital Structure of AHCL :  
 
Authorized Share Capital  Amount ( ₹) 
74,20,00,000 ( Seventy Four Crores  and Twenty Lakhs ) Equity 
Shares of INR 1/ - (Indian Rupees One) each  74,20,00,000  
35,80,000 (Thirty Five Lakhs Eighty Thousand) Preference Shares 
of INR 100 (Indian Rupees One Hundred) each  35,80,00,000  
Total  110,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital  Amount ( ₹) 
33,21,73,401 (Thirty -Three Crores Twenty -One Lakhs Seventy 
Three Thousand Four Hundred and  One) Equity Shares of INR 1/ - 
(Indian Rupees One) each  33,21, 73,401 
Total  33,21, 73,401 
 
• Post Scheme Capital Structure of AEHL:  
 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect, AEHL shall stand dissolved without winding -up, hence 
the Post Scheme Capital Structure of AEHL is not applicable / disclosed.  
 
j. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of AH CL and A EHL as on the date of this notice along with 
rationale for changes occurred between filing of Draft Scheme with the stock exchanges till 
the date of this notice:  
 
The Pre and Post scheme shareholding of AH CL and A EHL computed as on June  01, 2026 are 
as given below:  
 
  
 
 
56 
 AHCL:  
Pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern  as on June 01, 2026 : 
 
Category  No. of Shares  % of holding  No. of shares 
on a fully 
diluted basis  % of holding on 
a fully diluted 
basis * 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  10,25,04,118  32.34  10,25,04,118  32.11  
Public  21,44,78,910  67.66  21,67,58,758  67.89  
Total  31,69,83,028  100.00 31,92,62,876  100.00 
*Dilution pursuant to outstanding 22,79,848 ESOPs granted as on June 01, 2026  
AHCL:  
Post -amalgamation shareholding pattern:  
 
Category  No. of Shares  % of holding  No. of shares 
on a fully 
diluted basis  % of holding on 
a fully diluted 
basis * 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  10,25,04,956  30.86  10,25,04,956  30.65  
Public  22,96,68,445  69.14  23,19,48,293  69.35  
Total  33,21,73,401  100.00  33,44,53,249  100.00  
* Dilution pursuant to outstanding 22,79,848 ESOPs granted as on June 01, 2026  
 
AEHL:  
Pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern  as on June 01, 2026 : 
 
Category  No. of Shares  % 
Promoter / Promoter Group  35,11,998  72.67  
Public  13,20,829  27.33  
Total  48,32,827  100.00  
Note: Since there are no outstanding convertible securities, fully diluted shareholding is not 
applicable . 
 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect, AEHL shall stand dissolved without winding -up, hence 
the post amalgamation shareholding pattern of AEHL is not applicable / disclosed.  
 
The share capital of AHCL between the date of filing of the Draft Scheme with the stock 
exchanges till the date of this notice has changed on account of the ESOP allotments made by 
AHCL to the eligible employees under “Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited - Employees Stock 
Option Scheme 2022” as outlined below:  
 
 
 
57 
 Date of Allotment  No. of Shares Allotted  
October 30, 2025  12,523  
December 12, 2025  2,99,122  
January 06, 2026  3,37,504  
April 08, 2026  1,50,282  
May 21, 2026  25,240  
 
k. Capital built -up of AEHL and AHCL since incorporation and last 3 years shareholding pattern 
filed by AEHL and AHCL with the Registrar  of Companies:  
 
The Share C apital build -up since incorporation and the Annual Return in form MGT -7 
(comprising the shareholding pattern) filed by AEHL and AHCL with the Registrar of Companies  
during the last 3 years are available at  Annexure X VIIA and Annexure X VIIB respectively.  
 
l. Value of Assets and liabilities of AEHL that are being transferred to AHCL and post -merger  
balance sheet of AHCL:  
 
The details of the Assets and Liabilities of AEHL as on March 31, 2025 that are proposed to be 
transferred to AHCL are as tabled below *: 
 
Particulars  Amount (₹ in crores)  
Non -Current assets (A)  557.38  
Current Assets (B)  55.94  
Total Assets (A+B)  613.32  
Non -Current Liabilities (C)  316.73  
Current Liabilities (D)  86.98  
Total Liabilities (C+D)  403.71  
Net worth  209.61  
Revenue  397.15  
 
The indicative list of Assets and Liabilities of AHCL post effectiveness of the Scheme, based on 
the balance sheet of AHCL as on March 31, 2025 is as tabled below *: 
 
Particulars  Amount (₹ in crores)  
Non -Current assets (A)  2,751.33  
Current Assets (B)   679.82  
Total Assets (A+B)  3,431.15  
Non -Current Liabilities (C)  878.02  
Current Liabilities (D)  421.79  
Total Liabilities (C+D)  1,299.81  
Net worth  2,134.56  
Revenue  1,441.04  
 
 
 
58 
 *The certificates from an Independent Chartered Accountant certifying the details of the pre 
and post amalgamation assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of AHCL and AEHL as 
submitted with BSE and NSE  are available at Annexure XIVA and Annexure X IVB respectively .  
 
m. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the proposed amalgamation, 
including integration challenges, market conditions and financial uncertainties:  
 
The Amalgamation will result in the consolidation of the business of the Companies into a 
single entity and will inter alia  result in the various benefits and synergies as contemplated 
above in Para 9  of this Statement.  
 
The potential risks associated with the amalgamation are as below:  
 
i. While the merger may require certain transitional alignments of systems, processes, 
accounting practices and internal controls, both companies operate in the same line of 
business, which is expected to enable a smooth integration with minimal disruption to  
operations or management focus.  
 
ii. Although changes in market conditions or the regulatory and compliance framework 
applicable to listed entities may influence the implementation of the Scheme or the 
performance of the merged entity, the consolidated entity is expected to be better 
position ed to adapt to such changes owing to its enhanced scale, governance framework 
and operational efficiencies.   
 
n. Financial implication of amalgamation on Promoters, Public Shareholders and the 
Companies involved:  
 
Implications of the amalgamation on the companies involved:  
 
(i) Merging the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company will facilitate the 
integration of their business operations. This merger will enhance patient outcomes, 
foster synergies, lower operational costs, improve efficiencies and enable optimal use of 
diverse resources.  
 
(ii) This integration will ensure reduction in multiple entities and regulatory compliances 
further reducing the overall compliance and overhead costs, consolidation of 
administrative and managerial functions and elimination of multiple record -keeping, 
inter -alia other expenditures and optimal utilization of resources. An integrated and 
coordinated approach will also allow for a more efficient allocation of capital 
management.  
 
(iii) The scheme is expected to provide an opportunity to improve the economic value for the 
Transferor Company & the Transferee Company and their stakeholders pursuant to the 
consolidation. This is primarily on account of revenue and cost synergies which are 
 
 
59 
 expected to accrue on account of the scheme.  
 
Implications of the merger on the shareholders of the companies involved:  
 
(i) The Scheme is expected to be beneficial to the shareholders of the companies, leading to 
opportunity for growth and value creation in the long run and maximizing the value and 
returns to the shareholders.  
 
(ii) In consideration for the amalgamation of the Transferor Company into the Transferee 
Company, the shareholders of the Transferor Company, as on the Record Date (as defined 
in the Scheme) shall receive equity shares of the Transferee Company in the following  
ratio:  
 
For every 2 Transferor Company Shares, 2 3 Transferee Company Shares to be issued to 
the shareholders of the Transferor Company as of the Record Date, as recommended in 
the Valuation Report and supported by the Fairness Opinions ." (“Share Exchange Ratio ”) 
 
(iii) The shareholders of the Transferee Company will continue to be the shareholders of the 
Transferee Company. The rights and interests of the shareholders of the Transferee 
Company will not be prejudicially affected by the Scheme, and there will be no change in 
the economic interest of the shareholders of the Transferee Company, before and after 
the Scheme.  
 
(iv) The equity shares that will be issued by the Transferee Company on account of the 
Scheme will result in dilution of the existing shareholding in the Transferee Company , 
albeit at fair value,  and the shareholders of the Transferee Company in turn will benefit 
on account of: (a) synergies which are expected to accrue to the Company; and (b) 
operational efficiencies.  
 
Implications of the merger on the promoters of the companies involved:  
 
(i) The promoters of the Transferee Company will continue to remain the promoters of the 
merged entity.  
  
(ii) The pre and post -merger shareholding of the Transferee Company and the Transferor 
Company reflecting the change in promoter shareholding pursuant to the merger is set 
out below:  
 
  
 
 
60 
 AHCL:  
Pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern  as on June 01, 2026 : 
 
Category  No. of Shares  % of holding  No. of shares 
on a fully 
diluted basis  % of holding on 
a fully diluted 
basis * 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  10,25,04,118  32.34  10,25,04,118  32.11  
Public  21,44,78,910  67.66  21,67,58,758  67.89  
Total  31,69,83,028  100.00 31,92,62,876  100.00 
*Dilution pursuant to outstanding 22,79,848 ESOPs granted as on June 01, 2026  
AHCL:  
Post -amalgamation shareholding pattern:  
 
Category  No. of Shares  % of holding  No. of shares 
on a fully 
diluted basis  % of holding on 
a fully diluted 
basis * 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  10,25,04,956  30.86  10,25,04,956  30.65  
Public  22,96,68,445  69.14  23,19,48,293  69.35  
Total  33,21,73,401  100.00  33,44,53,249  100.00  
* Dilution pursuant to outstanding 22,79,848 ESOPs granted as on June 01, 2026  
 
AEHL:  
Pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern  as on June 01, 2026 : 
 
Category  No. of Shares  % 
Promoter / Promoter Group  35,11,998  72.67  
Public  13,20,829  27.33  
Total  48,32,827  100.00  
Note: Since there are no outstanding convertible securities, fully diluted shareholding is not 
applicable . 
 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect, AEHL shall stand dissolved without winding -up, hence 
the post amalgamation shareholding pattern of AEHL is not applicable  / disclosed . 
 
o. Pending actions including the details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any against the Companies , 
its promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and possible impact of the same on the 
Transferee Company:  
 
The list of all material ongoing adjudication or recovery proceedings, prosecutions initiated, 
or any other enforcement actions taken against AHCL and AEHL, its Promoters,  Directors, Key 
 
 
61 
 Managerial Personnel before any statutory or regulatory authority are available at   
Annexure X V. There will be no impact of any of the pending actions on the Transferee 
Company or its shareholders.  
 
p. Stakeholder Engagement and Disclosures: In order to ensure transparency and keep 
stakeholders informed, the Company issued a press release dated August 27, 2025 , 
summarizing key aspects of the proposed amalgamation. On the same day, the Company also 
released an Investor presentation to provide further insights into the transaction . 
 
The press release  and investor presentation  are accessible on the website  of the Company at: 
https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#scheme .  
 
q. The applicable additional information, as prescribed in Annexure L of the stock exchange 
checklist in the application submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as  advised by NSE 
and BSE in their observation letters dated February 16, 2026, and February 17, 2026 conveying 
their no adverse observations / no -objection are provided at Annexure X IVA and Annexure 
XIVB respectively.  
 
18. Statutory Auditors’ Certificate on conformity of accounting treatment specified in the 
Scheme with Accounting Standards:  
 
The Statutory Auditor of the AHCL  has confirmed that the accounting treatment specified in 
the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Act and applicable rules and other generally accepted accounting principles in India. The 
relevant Certi ficates of AHCL  is provided at Annexure VIA. 
 
19. Details of approvals, sanctions or no -objection(s) from regulatory or any other 
governmental authorities required, received or pending for the Scheme:  
 
As per regulation 37(2) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transferor Company is duty -bound to obtain 
the No Objection letter from BSE Limited being the only Stock Exchange wherein the Equity 
Shares of AEHL are listed and AHCL is duty -bound to obtain the No Objection letter from 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited being the Stock Exchanges wherein 
the Equity Shares of AHCL are listed and before filing of the proposed Scheme under Sections 
230-232 of the Companies Act 2013, pursuant to which the Companies have obtained the No 
objection letters from the respective stock Exchange mentioned above vide letters dated 
February 16, 2026 and February 17, 2026.  
 
Copy of the No Objection letter s issued by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited  and 
BSE Limited towards the Scheme is available at  Annexure IVA and  Annexure IVB . 
 
 
 
62 
 As part of the regulatory process, the Scheme is subject to directions from the Hon’ble NCLT 
including approval of shareholders, Secured Creditors and unsecured creditors of AHCL and 
other regulatory requirements as provided under the Act read with CAA rul es and other laws 
and regulations as applicable.  
 
The Scheme is conditional and subject to necessary sanctions and approvals as set out in the 
Scheme, including under Clause 24 of the Scheme.  
 
20. The Hon’ble NCLT, vide its Order  dated May 05, 2026 , inter alia , has:  
 
a) Directed to convene a meeting of Equity Shareholders of AEHL and AHCL on July 02, 2026  
at 09:00 A.M(IST) and 12:30 P.M.(IST)  respectively.  
 
b) Directed to convene a meeting of Secured Creditors of AEHL and AHCL on July 02, 2026  
at 10:30 A.M. (IST) and 03:00 P.M.(IST)  respectively.  
 
c) Directed to convene a meeting of Unsecured Creditors  of AEHL and  AHCL on July 02, 2026  
at 11:30 A.M.(IST) and 04:00 P.M.(IST)  respectively.  
 
at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai - 600 014  or such other convenient place  
conducted as per applicable procedure prescribed under MCA Circular MCA General Circular 
Nos. (i) 20/2020 dated 5th May 2020 (AGM Circular), (ii) 14/2020, dated 08.04.2020 (EGM 
Circular -I) and (iii) 17/2020 dated 13.04.2020 (EGM Circular -II). 
 
21. The scheme is conditional upon scheme being approved by the public shareholders through 
e-voting in terms of Para 10(a) of Part I of SEBI MASTER  Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD /POD -
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and the Scheme shall be acted upon only if vote cast by 
the public shareholders in favour of the proposal are more than the number of votes cast by 
the public shareholders against it.  
 
22. The Board of Directors, considering the rationale and benefits of the Scheme, recommends 
the Scheme for approval of the equity shareholders by passing resolution with requisite 
majority.  
 
23. Inspection of documents  
 
All documents / information required to be hosted on the website of AHCL  in terms of the SEBI 
Master Circular can be accessed at https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -
care/#scheme . 
 
Further, the following documents will be available for obtaining an extract from or for making 
or obtaining copies of or for inspection by the equity shareholders at AHCL ’s registered office 
up to the date of the meeting  on any working day, from 09:00 A.M. to 06:00 P.M. (except 
Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays):  
 
 
63 
  
Sl. No.  Particulars  
1.  Scheme  of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“AEHL”)  and Dr. 
Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  (“AHCL ”) and their Respective Shareholders and Creditors 
(“Scheme”)  
2.  Share valuation cum share exchange ratio report dated August 26, 2025, issued jointly by 
Registered Valuers M/s. PwC Business Consulting Services LLP, (IBBI Registration No. 
IBBI/RV -E/02/2022/158) and M/s. Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP, (IBBI Registration No.  
IBBI/RV -E/06/2022/172)  
3.  Fairness  Opinion(s)  dated August 26, 2025,  issued by M/s. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000008704) and M/s. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors 
Limited (SEBI Registration no. INM000011005)  Independent Merchant Banker(s)  
4.  Observation  letters  issued by the National  Stock  Exchange  of India ( “NSE” ) and the BSE 
Limited (“BSE”)  dated February 16, 2026,  and February 17, 2026 , conveying their no 
adverse observations / no -objection for filing the Scheme with NCLT  
5.  Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of AHCL and AEHL pursuant to Section 
232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 explaining the effect of the Amalgamation, etc.,  
6.  Statutory Auditors’ Certificates dated August 27,  2025,  on conformity of accounting 
treatment, issued by M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, Statutory 
Auditor to AHCL and AEHL  
7.  Audited Financial Statements ( Standalone and Consolidated) of AHCL as on March 31, 2025  
8.  Audited Financial Statements  (Standalone and Consolidated) of AHCL as on March 31, 2026  
9.  Audited Financial Statements of AEHL as on March 31, 2025  
10.  Audited Financial Statements  of AEHL as on March 31, 2026  
11.  Copy of the Order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench 
(“NCLT” or “Hon’ble Tribunal”) dated May 05, 2026  (“Order”)  
12.  Additional information, as prescribed in Annexure L of the stock exchange checklist in the 
application submitted to NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as advised by NSE and BSE in 
their observation letters dated February 16, 2026, and February 17, 2026 conveying their 
no adverse observations / no -objection   
13.  List of all material ongoing adjudication or recovery proceedings, prosecutions initiated, or 
any other enforcement actions taken against AHCL and AEHL, its promoters, or its directors, 
before any statutory or regulatory authority  
14.  Report on Complaints submitted by AEHL and AHCL to BSE and NSE pursuant to the 
requirements of the Master Circular  
 
 
64 
 Sl. No.  Particulars  
15.  Independent Chartered Accountant certifying the details of the pre and post amalgamation 
assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of AHCL and AEHL  
16.  Share Capital build -up since incorporation and the Annual Return in form MGT -7 
(comprising the shareholding pattern) filed by AEHL and AHCL with the Registrar of 
Companies during the last 3 years  
 
 
 
 
June 01, 2026  
Chennai   As per the directions of the Hon’ble Tribunal  
 
Sd/- 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
Registered Office:  
DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH CARE LIMITED  
6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road,   
Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600 018  
Website: www.dragarwals.co.in  
Email: secretarial@dragarwal.com  
CIN: L85100TN2010PLC075403  
 
 
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP  
 
In the matter of Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“Transferor 
Company”)  and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (“ Transferee Company ”) and their Respective 
Shareholders and Creditors . 
 
I / We hereby record my  / our presence at the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the 
Transferee Company, held at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014, Tamil Nadu, 
India on 02nd July 2026 at 12:30 P.M . (IST)  
 
  Name of the Equity Shareholder  
  (In Block letters)   
Registered address    
Signature   
Email ID   
Name of the Proxy/Authorized  
Representative (In Block letters)   
Signature of the Equity Shareholder / 
Authorized Representative of the Equity 
Shareholder / Proxy   
 
  
 
FORM NO. MGT -11 
 
PROXY FORM  
[Pursuant to section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]  
 
Name of the Equity Shareholder:  
Registered address:  
Email ID:  
 
I / We being the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (‘the Company’) 
hereby appoint - 
 
Name: __________________________________________________  
Address: __________________________________________________  
Email id: _____________________ Signature: ______________ or failing him/her  
 
 
Name: __________________________________________________  
Address: __________________________________________________  
Email id: _____________________ Signature: _____________ or failing him/her  
 
As my  / our proxy  / authorized representative to attend and vote (on Poll) for me  / us and on my / 
our behalf at the Meeting of the Company to be held on 02nd July 2026  at 12:30 PM at The Music 
Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014, Tamil Nadu, India,  and at any adjournment thereof in 
respect of such resolutions and in such manner as are indicated below:  
 
S. 
No. Particulars  
1 Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“Transferor 
Company”) and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (“Transferee Company”) and their 
Respective Shareholders and Creditors  
 
 
Signed this day of   
 
 
Signature of Equity Shareholder : 
 
 
Signature of Proxy : Affix revenue  
Stamp   
 
 
 
StsStamp  
 
 
NOTES:  
 
1. This form in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the 
registered office of the Company situated at 6th Floor, Menon Eternity, 1st Main Road, 
Austin Nagar, Alwarpet, Chennai 600  018, before  48 hours of the commencement of the 
Meeting.  
 
2. Alterations, if any, made in the form of Proxy should be initialed.  
 
3. In case of multiple proxies, the proxy later in time shall be accepted.  
 
4. Proxy need not be the Equity Shareholder of the Company.  
 
 
 
  
 
Route Map  
 
 
  

 
Draft Board resolution  to appoint authorized representative on behalf of the Company  
<<TO BE PRINTED ON THE LETTER HEAD OF THE COMPANY WHICH IS AN EQUITY SHAREHOLDER OF 
AHCL>>  
 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF <<Company 
Name>> (THE COMPANY’) AT ITS MEETING HELD ON __, ____ AT ITS REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE 
COMPANY AT ____A.M / P.M  
 
AUTHORIZATION TO REPRESENT AT NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH I 
(HON’BLE TRIBUNAL’) CONVENED MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF DR. AGARWAL’S HEALTH 
CARE LIMITED  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  approval of the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby accorded for 
authorizing <<Name of Authorized Person>>, [Designation]  of the Company to attend and represent 
the Company at the Hon’ble Tribunal Convened Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s 
Health Care Limited, Transferee Company for approval of the Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Dr. 
Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“Transferor Company”)  and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited 
(“Transferee Company ”) and their resp ective Shareholders and Creditors to vote in favor of the 
resolution passed in this regard;  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to execute 
all necessary documents and to provide such other documents as may be necessary to give effect to 
the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation and to do such other acts and deeds as may be r equired in 
this regard.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the company be and hereby severally authorized 
issue the certified true copy of the above resolution ”  
 
//CERTIFIED TRUE COPY//  
For <<Name of the Company>>  
 
<<Name of the Director>>  
DIN:  
Date:  
Place :
  
 
Draft Authorization letter to appoint authorized representative on behalf of the Company  
<<TO BE PRINTED ON THE LETTER HEAD OF THE PARTNERSHIP FIRM / LLP WHICH IS AN EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDER OF AHCL>>  
 
AUTHORISATION LETTER  
 
To, 
Shri. L N Gupta  
Chairperson of the Meeting of Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
Respected Sir,  
 
Subject:  Authorization to attend and vote in the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s 
Health Care Limited . 
 
I, <<Name of Partner>>, (Designation) of <<Name of partnership Firm or LLP>>, the Equity Shareholder 
of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited, do hereby authorize, <<Name of Authorised Person>>, (Holding 
Passport No/Aadhar No/Voter ID No:<<____>>) to attend, v ote and to sign the documents on behalf 
of the Firm/LLP in the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited to be 
held on 02nd July 2026  at 12:30 P.M. at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014, Tamil 
Nadu, India for th e purpose of considering the Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Dr. Agarwal’s Eye 
Hospital Limited (“Transferor Company”) and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (“Transferee 
Company”) and their Respective Shareholders and Creditors.  
 
For <<Name of Partnership Firm/ LLP>>.  
 
 
<<Name of the Partner>>  
Designation  
Place:  
Date :
 