 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code – 544350  Symbol  : AGARWALEYE  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:  Proceedings of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) Convened Meeting of 
the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited in relation to the Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Dr. Agarwal's Eye Hospital Limited  with Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited  
and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme")  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Further to the captioned subject, reference and our earlier letters dated  June 01, 202 6, in relation to 
the subject mentioned Scheme , we enclose herewith a Summary of Proceedings of the Hon'ble NCLT  
Convened Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limite d (“the Company” ), 
held on Thursday, July 02, 2026 , at 12:30 P.M. (IST),  at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road,  Chennai – 
600 014 . 
 
The Resolutions, as set out in the Notice of the Meeting dated June 01, 2026, in relation to the Scheme, 
have been duly transacted  by the Equity Shareholders of the Company.  
 
This information is also hosted on the Company’s website at: https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -
health -care/#corporate -announcement .     
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as aboveRef: AHCL/202 6-27/C021 July 02, 202 6 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROCEEDINGS OF THE HON'BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL CONVENED 
MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF DR. AGARWAL'S HEALTH CARE LIMITED, PURSUANT 
TO THE ORDER OF THE HON'BLE NCLT, CHENNAI BENCH, DATED MAY 05, 2026  
 
Pursuant to the Order dated May 05, 2026 , passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chennai Bench (" NCLT "), in Company Application No. CA(CAA)/19/CHE/2026, the Meeting of th e 
Equity Shareholders of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited was held on Thursday, July 02, 2026 at 12:30 
P.M. (IST) at  The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014.  As directed by the Hon'ble NCLT, 
Shri L  N Gupta, duly appointed Chairperson, chaired the proceedings of the Meeting.  
 
Mr. Thanikainathan Arumugam, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, 
welcomed the equity shareholders to the Meeting and invited Shri L  N Gupta, Chairperson, to formally 
commence the proceedings of the Meeting.  
 
The total number of shareholders of the Company as on the record date, i.e., Wednesday, June 03, 
2026, was 43,122.  
 
The details of shareholders present / in attendance at the venue of the Meeting are as follows:  
 
Category  Promoters and 
Promoter Group  Public  Total  
No. of Shareholders present in the meeting 
either in person or through proxy  17 30 47 
 
The Chairperson called the Meeting to order as the requisite quorum of 30 equity shareholders (as 
prescribed by the Hon'ble NCLT) was present  at the meeting  
 
The Chairperson took note that the Register of Members, Proxy Register, certified copy of the NCLT 
Order dated May 05, 2026, the Notice dated June 01, 2026,  along with the Scheme, Explanatory 
Statement under Sections 102, 230 and 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other annexures, were 
available for inspection at the Meeting  and had informed the equity shareholders  that the following 
Resolution was proposed to be passed at the Meeting:  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Type of 
Resolution  
1. To consider and approve the Scheme of Amalgamation of Dr. Agarwal's 
Eye Hospital Limited (Transferor Company) with Dr. Agarwal's Health 
Care Limited (Transferee Company) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors, under Sections 230 to 232 of the Comp anies Act, 2013.  Special Majority * 
 
 
*As prescribed under section 230 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the SEBI Master Circular on 
Scheme of Arrangement dated June 20, 2023.  
 
The shareholders were  informed that the detailed Explanatory Statement setting out material 
information with respect to the Resolution, including the rationale for the Scheme, formed  part of the 
Notice of the Meeting. With the permission of the shareholders, the Notice of the Meeting along with 
the Explanatory Statement, the Scheme of Amalgamation and other accompanying documents were 
taken as read. It was also brought to the attention  of the Members that since the Notice had already 
been dispatched to all shareholders on June 01, 2026, and the Resolution had been put to vote 
through remote e -voting, the Resolution was not required to be proposed and seconded.  
 
On the invitation of the Chairperson, Members who had registered themselves as speakers addressed 
the Meeting and sought clarifications on the Scheme of Amalgamation. The representatives of the 
Company responded to the queries of the shareholders and provid ed necessary clarifications.  
 
Thereafter, the Chairperson announced that voting would be conducted through e -voting (at venue) 
and by means of polling paper (for valid proxy holders)  and that the remote e -voting facility shall be 
kept open during the course of the meeting. The Chairperson requested Shri Shivam Parashar , 
Scrutinizer, to oversee the orderly conduct of the voting process. Shri Shivam Parashar  explained the 
voting procedure to the equity shareholders and proxy holders present at the Meeting.  
 
Members / their authorized representatives who had not availed the remote e -voting facility  cast their 
votes through the e -voting facility  made available at the venue.  Proxy holders present at the Meeting 
cast their votes by means of depositing their polling paper s in the polling box . 
 
The voting was declared closed by the Chairperson, and the Scrutinizer was requested to take custody 
of the polling box, consolidate the results of the venue e -voting , polling papers with the remote e -
voting results and to submit his Consolidated Report.  The Meeting concluded at 01:15  P.M. (IST) . 
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  