 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code – 544350  Symbol  : AGARWALEYE  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:  Proceedings of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) Convened Meeting of 
the Secured Creditors of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited in relation to the Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Dr. Agarwal's Eye Hospital Limited  with Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited  
and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme")  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Further to the captioned subject, reference and our earlier letters dated  June 01, 202 6, in relation to 
the subject mentioned Scheme , we enclose herewith a Summary of Proceedings of the Hon'ble NCLT  
Convened Meeting of the Secured Creditors  of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limite d (“the Company” ), 
held on Thursday, July 02, 2026 , at 03:00 P.M. (IST),  at The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road,  Chennai – 
600 014 . 
 
The Resolutions, as set out in the Notice of the Meeting dated June 01, 2026, in relation to the Scheme, 
have be en duly transacted  by the  Secured Creditors of the Company.  
 
This information is also hosted on the Company’s website at: https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -
health -care/#corporate -announcement .     
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as aboveRef: AHCL/202 6-27/C023 July 02, 202 6 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROCEEDINGS OF THE HON'BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL CONVENED 
MEETING OF THE SECURED CREDITORS  OF DR. AGARWAL'S HEALTH CARE LIMITED, PURSUANT TO 
THE ORDER OF THE HON'BLE NCLT, CHENNAI BENCH, DATED MAY 05, 2026  
 
Pursuant to the Order dated May 05, 2026 , passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chennai Bench (" NCLT "), in Company Application No. CA(CAA)/19/CHE/2026, the Meeting of th e 
Secured Creditors of Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited was held on Thursday, July 02, 2026 at 03:00 
P.M. (IST) at  The Music Academy, T.T.K. Road, Chennai – 600 014.  As directed by the Hon'ble NCLT, 
Shri L  N Gupta, duly appointed Chairperson, chaired the proceedings of the Meeting.  
 
Mr. Thanikainathan Arumugam, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, 
welcomed the secured creditors to the Meeting and invited Shri L  N Gupta, Chairperson, to formally 
commence the proceedings of the Meeting.  
 
The Company had a total of 3 Secured Creditors as on the record date, i.e., Wednesday, December  31, 
2025. 
 
The total no. of secured creditors present in the meeting  was 2. The Chairperson called the Meeting 
to order as the requisite quorum of 1 secured creditor (as prescribed by the Hon'ble NCLT) was present  
at the meeting .  
 
The Chairperson took note that the  list of Secured Creditors , certified copy of the NCLT Order dated 
May 05, 2026, the Notice dated June 01, 2026,  along with the Scheme, Explanatory Statement under 
Sections 102, 230 and 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other annexures, were available for 
inspection at the Meeting  and had informed the secured creditors that the following Resolution was 
proposed to be passed at the Meeting:  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Type of Resolution  
1. To consider and approve the Scheme of Amalgamation of Dr. 
Agarwal's Eye Hospital Limited (Transferor Company) with Dr. 
Agarwal's Health Care Limited (Transferee Company) and their 
respective shareholders and creditors, under Sections 230 to 232 of 
the Comp anies Act, 2013.  Special Majority  
(As prescribed under 
section 230(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)  
  
The secured creditor s were informed that the detailed Explanatory Statement setting out material 
information with respect to the Resolution, including the rationale for the Scheme, formed  part of the 
Notice of the Meeting. With the permission of the secured creditors , the Notice of the Meeting along 
with the Explanatory Statement, the Scheme of Amalgamation and other accompanying documents 
were taken as read.  
 
 
 
Thereafter, the Chairperson announced that voting would be conducted through e -voting (at venue) 
and by means of polling paper (for valid proxy holders)  and that the remote e -voting facility shall be 
kept open during the course of the meeting. The Chairperson requested Shri Shivam Parashar , 
Scrutinizer, to oversee the orderly conduct of the voting process. Shri Shivam Parashar  explained the 
voting procedure to the secured creditors  present at the Meeting.  
 
The voting was declared closed by the Chairperson, and the Scrutinizer was requested to  consolidate 
the results of the venue e -voting  with the remote e -voting results and to submit his Consolidated 
Report.  The Meeting concluded at 03:15  P.M. (IST) . 
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  