 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code – 544350  Symbol  : AGARWALEYE  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:  Update on the Scheme of Amalgamation between Dr. Agarwal’s Eye  Hospital Limited  and Dr. 
Agarwal’s Health Care  Limited and their respective shareholders and  creditors (“Scheme”) 
under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the  Companies Act, 2013  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read  with  the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015   
 
In connection with and in furtherance of our earlier letters  concerning the subject captioned Scheme, 
we are pleased to inform that the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench  (‘NCLT’) , 
has sanctioned the Scheme of Amalgamation between Dr.  Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (‘AEHL’)  and 
Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (‘AHCL’ / ‘the Company’) and their respective shareholders and 
creditors , providing for the amalgamation of AEHL with and into AHCL .  
 
The Order sanctioning the aforesaid Scheme  (uploaded on the website of the Hon’ble NCLT today, i.e.,  
October 05, 2026) , was formally pronounced by the Hon’ble NCLT , at its hearing held on September  
30, 2026 . The certified copy of the Order is awaited, which shall be made  available on the website of 
the Company  promptly upon its receipt.  
 
In terms  of the provisions of the Scheme  and the aforesaid  NCLT Sanction Order dated September  30, 
2026 , the Scheme shall be effective from the Appointed Date (i.e., opening of business on April 01, 
2026) and operative from the Effective Date being the first day of the calendar month immediately 
following the calendar month in which all the conditionalities mentioned in Clause 24 of th e Scheme 
are completed.  
 
The Company shall keep the  stock exchanges  duly informed regarding the effectiveness of the Scheme, 
fixation of Record Date, allotment of shares as per  the Share Exchange Ratio, and other subsequent 
developments  / future course of action in connection  with the Scheme, as and when appropriate.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  Ref: AHCL/202 6-27/C045 October 05, 202 6 