  
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code – 544350  Symbol  : AGARWALEYE  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) of 
receipt of Observation Letter conveying  (i)“no adverse observations” from BSE Limited 
and (ii) “no objection” from National Stock Exchange of India Limited , in relation to 
the Scheme of amalgamation between  Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital Limited (“AEHL”) 
and Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (“Company”) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors  (“Scheme”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules and/or regulations framed thereunder .  
 
Ref: Application under Regulation 37 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 , as amended 
from time to time . 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated August 27, 2025 , intimating  the approval of the Board 
of Directors of the Company  to the Scheme , subject to receipt of applicable regulatory and 
other approvals . 
 
In this regard, we are pleased to inform you that the Company has received the (i) observation  
letter conveying “no objection”  from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited  dated 
February 16, 2026, and (ii) observation letter  conveying “no adverse observations”  from BSE 
Limited  dated February  17, 2026 , in relation to the Scheme.  
 
The Scheme remains subject to the receipt of necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as 
may be required under the applicable laws, including the approvals of the respective 
shareholders and creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, and the jurisdictional 
National Company Law Tribunal.  
 
Copies of the afore said observation letters are enclosed herewith  and also made accessible 
on the  Company ’s website  at  https://dragarwals.co.in/dr -agarwals -health -care/#scheme   
 Ref: AHCL/2025 -26/C0 71 February  17, 202 6 
  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited  
 
 
 
Thanikainathan Arumugam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above . 
 
 
 Non -Confidential   
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 50787                             February 1 6, 2026  
 
The Company Secretary  
Dr. Agarwal's Health Care Limited   
                                 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for  draft s cheme of Amalgamation of Dr. Agarwal’s Eye Hospital 
Limited (Transferor Company  or AEHL ) with Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care Limited (Transferee 
Company  or AHCL ) and their respective shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.     
 
We are in receipt for  captioned  draft scheme of amalgamation filed by  Dr. Agarwal’s Health Care 
Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 50787  dated December 12 , 2025 , submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
and Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ,  
SEBI vide its letter dated February 13, 2026 , has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the 
draft scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure that the proposed composite Scheme of Amalgamation and 
Arrangement shall be in compliance with the  provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015 . 
 
b) The Company shall ensure to disclose  all detail s of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters and directors, before the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“the NCLT”) and 
shareholders, while s eeking approval of the scheme .  
 
c) The Company  shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock  exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges . 
 
d) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any 
changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock 
Exchange(s), except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities / tribu nals.  
 
e) The Company  shall ensure  compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. T he 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply  with various provisions of the Master 
Circular(s) issued on June 20,  2023 and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor  Company are  
transferred to the Transferee  Company.  
 
f) The Company shall advise the applicant that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted 
Companies, if any, involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as  provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Feb 16, 2026 12:44:51 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 50787                          February 1 6, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent 
to the shareholders for seeking approva l. 
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old . 
 
h) The company shall ensure to disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2 013, to enable them 
to take an informed decision – 
 
i. Need for the merger, Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the entities involved in 
the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
 
ii. Reason for the undertaking Scheme of Arrangement within a short span of listing of AHCL.  
 
iii. Number of complaints received and brief details of complaints received and response 
provided by the AEHL and AHCL.  
 
iv. Pre and Post scheme net worth of the Companies based on the financials of the entities not 
older than 6 months from the date of NOC of Stock Exchange.  
 
v. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and Merchant Banker issuing Fairness 
opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share -Swap Ratio and Rationale 
for using above methods.  
 
vi. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of AEHL and AHCL for last 3 years.  
 
vii. Details of growth rate considered while projecting the future cash flows of Transferor 
Company and Transferee Company with respect to income approach considered in Valuation 
report.  
 
viii. Basis for considering the growth rate while projecting the future cash flows.  
 
ix. Latest financials AEHL and AHCL not older than 6 months from the date of NOC of Stock 
Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory 
statement.  
 
x. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of AEHL and AHCL as on the date of notice of 
Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of 
Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Feb 16, 2026 12:44:51 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 50787                          February 1 6, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  xi. Capital built -up of AEHL and AHCL since incorporation and last 3 years shareholding 
pattern filed by AEHL and AHCL with ROC.  
 
xii. Value of Assets and liabilities of AHEL that are being transferred to AHCL and post -merger 
balance sheet of AHCL . 
 
xiii. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the merger demerger, including 
integration challenges, market conditions and financial uncertainties.  
 
xiv. Financial implication of merger on Promoters, Public Shareholders and the companies 
involved.  
 
xv. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to the 
shareholders.  
 
i) The Company shall ensure  that the details of the  proposed scheme under  consideration as 
provided by the Company to  the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent 
to the Shareholders.  
 
j) The Company shall  ensure  that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
k) The Company shall ensure  that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document . 
 
l) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme  shall be made  except those 
mandated by the regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent 
of SEBI.  
 
m) The Company shall ensure that the observations of  SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed  before the NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations 
to the notice of the NCLT.  
 
n) The company shall ensure the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the company to the stock exchange as 
per Annexure -L of exchange checklist . 
 
o) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors 
for the proposed scheme . 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Feb 16, 2026 12:44:51 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 50787                          February 1 6, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  p) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after  processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations . 
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
 
The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No -Objection letter of the Stock 
Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI 
should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financia l soundness of any scheme or for the 
correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Please note that the submission  of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by NSE. National  Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from Februar y 16, 2026 , within  which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Feb 16, 2026 12:44:51 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 50787                          February 1 6, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Shiwani Mundhra  
Manager  
 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Feb 16, 2026 12:44:51 IST
Location: NSE



