 
 
 
06th February, 2026 
 
To, 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 539523 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East,  
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: ALKEM 
  
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This disclosure is being filed pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, to inform 
you that the Board of Directors of Alkem Medtech Private Limited (“ AMPL” or “Transferee 
Company ”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Alkem Laboratories Limited (“ Company ”) has, at 
its meeting held on 6th   February, 2026 approved the amalgamation of Alkem Medtech Ortho 
Private Limited (“ AMOPL” or “Transferor Company ”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company, with and into the Transferee Company by way of a  scheme of 
arrangement pursuant to the provisions of  Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the rules thereunder) (“ Scheme”), and in compliance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. 
 
The Scheme is, inter alia, subject to the sanction of the Mumbai bench and Ahmedabad bench 
of the National Company Law Tribunal (“ NCLT”) and requisite approvals of the shareholders 
and/or creditors of the Company, if so directed by the NCLT, and subject to compliance with 
applicable laws and receipt of other approvals, if required. 
 
However, the equity shares of AMOPL and AMPL are not listed on any stock exchange. 
 
The requisite details as required by the SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-
CFDPOD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, regarding the same, are enclosed herewith as 
“Annexure A”. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Sincerely,  
For Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Narang  
President- Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A 
 
S. No.  Disclosure Requirements Brief Particulars 
1.  name of the entity(ies) 
forming 
part of the amalgamation/ 
merger, details in brief such 
as, 
size, turnover etc.; Alkem Medtech Ortho Private Limited is the 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alkem Medtech Private 
Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company). 
 
The financial details as on 31st March, 2025 are as 
follows:  
 
Particulars  Transferor 
Company  Transferee 
Company  
Paid-up 
Equity Share 
Capital  3,50,00,000 
(Rupees Three 
Crores Fifty 
Lakhs only) 3,80,37,51,800 
(Rupees Three 
Hundred and 
Eighty Crores 
Thirty-Seven 
Lakhs Fifty 
One Thousand 
and Eight 
Hundred only)  
Net Worth  (12,12,47,226) 
(Negative 
Twelve Crore 
Twelve Lakhs 
Forty Seven 
Thousand 
Two Hundred 
Twenty Six 
only) 448,10,94,758 
(Four Forty 
Eight Crore 
Ten Lakh 
Ninety Four 
Thousand 
Seven 
Hundred Fifty 
Eight) 
Total Income  68,17,230 
(Sixty Eight 
Lakh 
Seventeen 
Thousand 
Two Hundred 
Thirty only) 8,80,59,457 
(Eight Crore 
Eighty Lakh 
Fifty Nine 
Thousand 
Four Hundred 
Fifty Seven 
only) 
 
2.  whether the transaction 
would 
fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s 
length”; The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company and the Transferee Company 
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  
 
However, per the clarification issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs vide its General Circular No. 
30/ 2014 dated 17th July 2014, a scheme of 
 
amalgamation under sections 230-232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, will not fall within the 
purview of related party transaction in terms of 
Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
3.  area of business of the 
entity(ies);  The Transferor Company is primarily engaged in 
the business of manufacturing, producing, trading, 
importing and exporting all types of equipment, 
instruments, tools and accessories used in 
orthopedic surgery and treatment of orthopedic 
joint implants. 
The Transferee Company is primarily engaged in 
the business of manufacturing, importing, 
exporting, distributing, supplying and marketing of 
all kinds of medical, surgical, dental, scientific 
equipment and devices . 
4.  rationale for amalgamation/ 
merger; The Transferor Company is wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company and are 
engaged in similar business i.e., manufacturing and 
trading of various medical equipment. The Scheme 
will inter alia have the following benefits: 
a) integrate and consolidate business 
operations, providing a significant impetus 
to the overall growth and scale of the 
combined entity; 
b) provide a seamless access to a larger pool of 
assets, including intangible assets, licenses, 
and intellectual property, leading to greater 
operational rationalization and 
organizational efficiency. 
c) eliminate duplication of work and 
rationalization of administrative efforts and 
functions, thereby enhancing overall 
business. 
d) achieve a significant reduction in overheads, 
including administrative, managerial, and 
marketing expenditures. 
e) pool financial, technical, and human capital 
of the Companies and achieve economies of 
scale and ensure the optimal utilization of 
resources in the combined entity. 
f) allow for a more efficient allocation of 
capital and enhanced cash flow 
 
management, strengthening the overall 
financial position of the combined entity. 
g) the combined entity will possess a broader 
and more diversified portfolio of products, 
strengthening its presence in key therapeutic 
segments and geographic markets. 
h) direct access to a combined customer base 
and optimized distribution networks which 
will enable the Transferee Company to serve 
its customers and patients more efficiently. 
i) restructure and simplify the group structure 
ensures an optimized corporate holding 
structure that is better aligned with current 
business requirements. 
j) the Scheme provides for a streamlined 
management structure and improved 
organizational capability, fostering faster 
and more effective decision-making. 
k) facilitate synchronization of efforts to 
achieve a uniform corporate policy across 
the combined business. 
l) reduce of multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances required to be carried out by 
separate entities. 
m) consolidate of business activities will 
eliminate multiple record-keeping 
requirements and minimize the 
administrative burden at a consolidated 
level. 
5.  in case of cash consideration 
–amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio; Not applicable. As the Transferor Company is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company, pursuant to the Scheme coming into 
effect, all shares held by the Transferee Company in 
the Transferor Company would stand cancelled and 
no consideration would pass from the Transferee 
Company.  
6.  brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of the listed entity. Not applicable. There shall not be any change in 
the shareholding pattern of the Company pursuant 
to the Scheme as the Scheme is between 
subsidiaries of the Company.  
 