 
13th February , 202 6 
 
To, 
The Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 539523  National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East,  
Mumbai 400 051.  
Scrip Symbol: ALKEM  
  
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ SEBI LODR  Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir (s)/Madam,  
 
This disclosure is being filed pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR  Regulations, to inform you 
that the Board of Directors of Alkem Laboratories Limited (“ Company ”/ “Transferee Company ”) has 
at its meeting held today, i .e. 13th February, 2026 approved the amalgamation of Adroit Biomed Limited 
(“Transferor Company ” or “ ABL ”), a wholly -owned subsidiary of the Company (collectively, 
“Companies ”) with and into the Company by way of a scheme of arrangement pursuant to the 
provisions o f  Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(including the rules thereunder) (“ Scheme ”), and in compliance with the provisions of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961.  
 
The Scheme is, inter alia , subject to the sanction of the Mum bai bench of the National Company Law 
Tribunal (“ NCLT ”) and requisite approvals of the shareholders and/or creditors of the Company, if so 
directed by the NCLT, and subject to compliance with applicable laws or other approvals, if required.  
  
The Scheme as  approved by the Board would be available on the website of the Company after it has 
been submitted to the Stock Exchanges.  
 
The requisite details as required by the SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -
CFDPOD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, re garding the same, are enclosed herewith as 
“Annexure A ”. 
 
We request you to take this on record, and to treat the same as compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI LODR R egulations .  
 
Sincerely,  
For Alkem Laboratories Limited  
 
 
 
Manish Narang  
President - Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A  
 
S. No.  Disclosure Requirements  Brief Particulars  
1.  name of the entity(ies) 
forming  
part of the amalgamation/  
merger, details in brief such 
as, 
size, turnover etc.;  Adroit Biomed Limited is the wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.  
 
The financial details as on March 31, 2025  are as 
follows:  
 
Particulars  Transferor 
Company  Transferee 
Company  
Paid-up 
Equity Share 
Capital (in 
INR)  42,50,000  
(Rupees  Forty 
Two Lakhs 
Fifty  
Thousa nd 
only)  23,91,30,000 
(Rupees 
Twenty Three 
Crores Ninety 
One Lakhs 
Thirty 
Thousand 
only)  
Net Worth for 
the financial 
year ended 
March 31, 
2025 (in INR)  75.7 Mn  1,23,218.3 Mn  
Total Revenue 
from 
operations for 
the financial 
year ended 
March 31, 
2025 (in INR)  596.8 Mn  88,134.4 Mn  
 
2.  whether the transaction 
would  fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length”;  The Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.  
 
However, per the clarification issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs vide its General Circular No. 
30/ 2014 dated 17th July 2014, a scheme of 
amalgamation under sections 230 -232 of  the 
Companies Act, 2013, will not fall within the 
purview of related party transaction in terms of 
Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
3.  area of business of the 
entity(ies);  The Transferor Company is primarily engaged in the 
business of trading in pha rmaceutical products 
including drugs, chemicals, biological and 
medicinal preparations. The Transferor Company is 
also engaged in the business of cosmetic products, 
 
nutraceuticals and food supplements on a wholesale 
basis in India and elsewhere . 
 
The Compan y is primarily engaged in the business 
of manufacturing, buying, selling, importing, 
exporting, distributing and dealing in 
pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, beauty -aids, oils, 
chemicals, food -products, veterinary and surgical 
equipment and medicinal preparation s including 
spirit.  
 
4.  rationale for amalgamation/  
merger;  The Transferor Company is wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company and are 
engaged in similar business i.e.  selling/  trading of 
various pharmaceutical products, nutraceutical, 
cosmetic products, and food supplements . The 
Scheme will  inter alia  have the following benefits:  
 
a) integrate and consolidate business 
operations, providing a significant impetus 
to the overall growth and scale of the 
combined entity;  
 
b) provide a seamless access to a lar ger pool of 
assets, including intangible assets, licenses, 
and intellectual property, leading to greater 
operational rationalization and 
organizational efficiency.  
 
c) eliminate duplication of work and 
rationalization of administrative efforts and 
functions, t hereby enhancing overall 
business.  
 
d) achieve a significant reduction in overheads, 
including administrative, managerial, and 
marketing expenditures.  
 
e) pool financial, technical, and human capital 
of the Companies and achieve economies of 
scale and ensure the o ptimal utilization of 
resources in the combined entity.  
 
f) allow for a more efficient allocation of 
capital and enhanced cash flow 
management, strengthening the overall 
financial position of the combined entity.  
 
 
g) the combined entity will own and possess a 
broader and more diversified portfolio of 
products, product brands, trademarks, 
tradenames, technical know -how and other 
intellectual property rights and registrations, 
thereby strengthening its presence by adding 
and enhancing its product portfolio in key 
therapeutic segments and geographic 
markets.  
 
h) direct access to a combined customer base 
and optimized distribution networks which 
will enable the Transferee Company to serve 
its customers and patients more efficiently.  
 
i) restructure and simplify the group struct ure 
ensures an optimized corporate holding 
structure that is better aligned with current 
business requirements.  
 
j) the Scheme provides for a streamlined 
management structure and improved 
organizational capability, fostering faster 
and more effective decision -making.  
 
k) facilitate synchronization of efforts to 
achieve a uniform corporate policy across 
the combined business.  
 
l) reduction of multiplicity of legal and 
regulatory compliances required to be 
carried out by separate entities.  
 
m) consolidation of business activ ities will 
eliminate multiple record -keeping 
requirements and minimize the 
administrative burden at a consolidated 
level.  
 
n) unlock value and create additional liquidity 
for shareholders, ultimately enhancing the 
long-term market value of the group.  
 
o) the combi ned entity, with its larger revenue 
base and expanded resource pool, will 
provide better growth opportunities, 
efficiency, and morale for employees.  
 
5.  in case of cash consideration 
–amount or otherwise share  
exchange ratio;  Not applicable  as the Transferor Company is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  and 
pursuant to the Scheme coming into effect, all shares 
held by the Company in the Transferor Company 
would stand cancelled and no consideration would 
pass from the Company.  
 
6.  brief details of c hange in  
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of the listed entity.  Not applicable since the Transferor Company is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and no 
shares will be issued under the Scheme; hence, the 
pre and post amalgamation shareholding pattern of  
the Company would remain the same.  
 
 
 
 