 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
 
 
October 14, 2025  
 
 To 
 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
 
Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM  BSE Limited 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Code: US02336R2004  
 
 
Sub.: Notice convening the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Ambuja Cements 
Limited (“Transferee Company” or “Company”) pursuant to the Order passed by the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“Hon’ble Tribunal”) in 
respect of Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) and the Company and their respective shareholders 
(“Scheme”). 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We wish to inform you that as directed by the Hon’ble Tribunal pursuant to the order dated 
September 25, 2025, read with order dated October 9, 2025, a meeting of the Equity 
Shareholders of the Company shall be held on Thursday, November 20, 2025  at 01:00 p.m. 
IST (1300 hours) through Video Conferencing (“ VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“ OAVM”), 
to consider, and if thought fit, approve the arrangement embodied in the Scheme. 
 
The Notice, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and the Annexures thereto (“ Notice”) is enclosed herewith. 
The same is also being sent today through electronic mode to those equity shareholders 
whose email IDs are registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent/depositories/the 
Company as on October 3, 2025. 
 
The Company is providing electronic voting facility (remote e-voting and e-voting during 
the Meeting) to its equity shareholders to enable them to cast their votes. The details 
regarding electronic voting are provided below: 
 
EVSN 251013010  
Cut-off Date for E -Voting Friday, November  14, 2025 
Start Date and Time  Saturday, November 15, 2025 at 03:00 p.m. IST ( 1500 
hours) 
End Date and Time  Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 
hours) 
 
The remote· e-voting module will be disabled by CDSL 
thereafter.  
 
 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
Those equity shareholders, who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the 
Meeting. 
 
The information and instructions for attending the Meeting including the manner of voting 
by the equity shareholders of the Company have been provided in the Notice of the 
Meeting. 
 
All the above-mentioned documents will be posted on the Company's website at 
www.ambujacement.com .  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited  
 
 
 
Manish Mistry 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
 
 
Encl.: as above 
  
NOTICE - EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
Registered Office :Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India
Tel No. :+91 79-2656 5555
CIN :L26942GJ1981PLC004717
Website :www.ambujacement.com
E-mail :investors.relation@adani.com
MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
(convened pursuant to the order dated September 25, 2025, read with order dated October 9, 2025,
passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench)
MEETING:
Day Thursday
Date November 20, 2025
Time 1:00 p.m. IST (1300 hours)
Mode Through Video Conference/Other Audio-Visual Means
REMOTE E-VOTING:
Start Date and Time Saturday, November 15, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. IST (1500 hours) 
End Date and Time Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours)
Cut-off Date for E-Voting Friday, November 14, 2025
E-VOTING DURING THE MEETING
E-voting shall be available to the Equity Shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited during the Meeting.
2
Ambuja Cements LimitedINDEX
Sr. No. Contents Page No.
1. Notice convening the meeting of the equity shareholders (which also consists public shareholders) of Ambuja 
Cements Limited under the directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench4 
2. Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 201613 
3. Annexure 1
Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective 
shareholders under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 201340 
4. Annexure 2
Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer 
(IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited ( Valuation 
Report 1)79 
5. Annexure 3
Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 2024, issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI 
registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited (Fairness Opinion 1)110
6. Annexure 4
Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 2024, issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered 
Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited  
(Valuation Report 2)117
7. Annexure 5
Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 2024, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI 
registered merchant banker, to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Fairness Opinion 2)141
8. Annexure 6
Summary of the Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2, including the basis of such Valuation Report 1 and 
Valuation Report 2 and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2148
9. Annexure 7
Copy of the Complaint Report dated March 25, 2025, submitted by Sanghi Industries Limited to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited153
10. Annexure 8
Copy of the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by Sanghi Industries Limited to BSE Limited155
11. Annexure 9Copy of the updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by Sanghi Industries Limited to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited157
12. Annexure 10
Copy of the Complaint Report dated March 25, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited160
13. Annexure 11
Copy of the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to BSE Limited162
14. Annexure 12Copy of the updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited164
15. Annexure 13
Copy of the no-objection letter dated July 17, 2025, from National Stock Exchange of India Limited to Sanghi 
Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited167
16. Annexure 14
Copy of the no adverse observations letter dated July 17, 2025, from BSE Limited to Sanghi Industries Limited 
and Ambuja Cements Limited171adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
3Sr. No. Contents Page No.
17. Annexure 15
Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action 
taken, if any, against Sanghi Industries Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2025174
18. Annexure 16
Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action 
taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2025187
19. Annexure 17
Details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (i) clause h) of the no-objection letter dated July 
17, 2025, received from National Stock Exchange of India Limited; and (ii) clause 8. of the no adverse observation letter dated July 17, 2025, received from BSE Limited200
20. Annexure 18
Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited, pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013213
21. Annexure 19
Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited, pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013218
22. Annexure 20
Copy of the unaudited financial results of Sanghi Industries Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2025223
23. Annexure 21Copy of the unaudited financial results of Ambuja Cements Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2025230adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
4
Ambuja Cements LimitedBEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL,
AHMEDABAD BENCH
C.A. (CAA)/ 49 (AHM) 2025
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with 
other applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement
between
Sanghi Industries Limited (“Transferor Company”)
and
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and
their respective shareholders
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED, a 
company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717… APPLICANT NO. 2 / 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY
NOTICE CONVENING THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS 
(WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS) OF AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
To,
All the equity shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited:NOTICE is hereby given that by an order dated September 25, 2025, 
read with order dated October 9, 2025,  (hereinafter referred to  
as the “Order”), the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred to as the “NCL T”) has directed convening of a meeting of the Equity Shareholders (hereinafter referred to as “equity shareholders”) of Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “ Applicant No. 
2” or the “Transferee Company” , as the context may admit) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “ Applicant 
No. 1 ” or the “Transferor Company” as the context may admit) 
and the Transferee Company and their respective shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the “ Scheme”) pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Companies Act”) and the other applicable 
provisions thereof and applicable rules thereunder.
In pursuance of the Order and as directed therein, this Notice is 
hereby given that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company will be held on Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. (1300 hours) IST through Video Conference (“ VC”)/
Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM ”) (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Meeting”) in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act; General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020; No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020; No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020; No. 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020; No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020; No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020; No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021; No. 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021; No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021; No. 2/2022 dated May 5, 2022; No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022; No. 9/2023 dated September 25, 2023; No. 9/2024 dated September 19, 2024; and No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (hereinafter referred to as the “ MCA Circulars”); 
and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024, issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as the “ Circular issued by SEBI”) and 
the equity shareholders are requested to attend the Meeting to transact the following business:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution for 
approval of the Scheme by the requisite statutory majority:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 - 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other rules, circulars and notifications made thereunder (including any amendment, statutory modification, variation or re-enactment thereof) as may be applicable; Sections 2(1B) of the Income-tax Act, 1961; the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force); the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and duly amended from time to time; and subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Ambuja Cements Limited (“Company”) and subject to the approval of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“NCL T”) and subject to such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other authorities or tribunals, as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions and modifications 
as may be prescribed or imposed by the NCLT or by any regulatory or other authorities, while granting such consents, approvals and permissions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board” , which term shall be 
deemed to mean and include one or more committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by the Board or any person(s) which the Board may nominate to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by this resolution), the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders (“Scheme”) the draft of which was circulated along with this Notice, be and is hereby approved.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to 
do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute 
discretion deem requisite, desirable, appropriate or necessary to give effect to the above resolution and effectively implement the arrangement embodied in the Scheme and to accept such modifications, amendments, limitations and/or conditions, if any, which may be required and/or imposed by the NCLT while sanctioning the arrangement embodied in the Scheme or by any authorities under law, or as may be required for the purpose of resolving any questions or doubts or difficulties that may arise or meaning or interpretation of the Scheme or implementation thereof or in any matter whatsoever connected therewith, including passing of such accounting entries and /or making such adjustments in the books of accounts as considered necessary in giving effect to the Scheme, as the Board may deem fit adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
5and proper. ”
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that since this Meeting is held pursuant 
to the Order passed by the NCLT and in compliance with the MCA 
Circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the present Meeting and hence, the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a certified scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/ Authority letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘AMBUJA’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through his registered email ID address to 
raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the Transferee Company at investors.relation@adani.com by quoting the concerned DP ID and 
Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in CDSL e-voting system for verification by scrutiniser.
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that
a) In compliance with the provisions of (i) MCA Circulars; (ii) 
Circular issued by SEBI; (iii) Sections 108 and 230 of the 
Companies Act read with the rules framed thereunder, as amended; (iv) Regulation 44 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended; and (v) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Transferee Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“ CDSL”) 
for the purpose of providing facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting so as to enable the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders (as defined in the Notes below ), to consider and 
if thought fit, approve the Scheme by way of the aforesaid resolution. Accordingly, voting by equity shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be carried out only through remote e-voting and e-voting during  
the Meeting;
b) In compliance with the MCA Circulars read with the Circular 
issued by SEBI and the Order passed by NCLT, (a) the aforesaid Notice, (b) the Scheme, (c) the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other applicable provisions of Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, and (d) the enclosures as indicated in the Index (collectively referred to as “ Particulars”), are being 
sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered with MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly, Link Intime India Private Limited), the Transferee Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (hereinafter referred to as “MUFG Intime”)/depositories/Transferee Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday, October 3, 2025;
c) The equity shareholders may note that the aforesaid 
Particulars will be available on the Transferee Company’s website at https://www.ambujacement.com/investors/
scheme-of-arrangement-amalgamation, and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited at www.nseindia.com and 
www.bseindia.com, respectively, and on the website of 
CDSL at www.evotingindia.com;
d) Copies of the aforesaid Particulars can be obtained 
free of charge, between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. on all 
working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting from the registered office of the Transferee Company at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India; or by sending a request, along with the details of your shareholding, by email at 
investors.relation@adani.com; or from the office of its 
advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India;
e) The Transferee Company has extended the remote e-voting 
facility for its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting are appended to the Notice. The equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, opting to cast their votes by remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting are requested to read the instructions in the Notes below carefully. In case of remote e-voting, the votes should be cast in the manner described in the instructions from Saturday , November 15, 2025 at 
3:00 p.m. IST (1500 hours) to Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours);
f) The NCLT has appointed Hon’ble Mr. Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri, 
former Chief Justice of the High Court of Orissa, and in his absence, Hon’ble Mr. Justice S.H. Vora, former judge of the High Court of Gujarat, to be the Chairman of the Meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof;
g) Atleast one independent director of the Transferee Company and the statutory auditor (or his authorized representative who is qualified to be an auditor) of the Transferee Company shall be attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM;
h) Raimeen Maradiya, Partner, Chirag Shah and Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. 11283 & C.P . No. 17554) has been appointed as the scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting during the Meeting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner;
i) The scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of e-voting at the adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
6
Ambuja Cements LimitedMeeting, first download the votes cast during the Meeting 
and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes,  
if any, and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and submit his combined report to the Chairman of the Meeting. The scrutinizer will also submit a separate report with regard to the result of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in respect of the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, in compliance with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India). The scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the votes shall be final. The results of the votes cast through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting including separate results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957), will be announced on or before close of business hours on Saturday, November 22, 2025. The results, together with the scrutinizer’s report, will be displayed at the registered office of the Transferee Company, on the website of the Transferee Company, and on the website of CDSL at 
www.evotingindia.com and shall be communicated to 
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, within the timelines specified in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
j) The Scheme, if approved by the equity shareholders at the 
Meeting, will be subject to the subsequent approval of  
NCLT; and
k) A copy of the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 
232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other applicable provisions of Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, the Scheme and Particulars are enclosed.
Justice (Retd.) Kalpesh Jhaveri
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Dated this October 10, 2025
Registered office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, 
Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India.Notes:
1. General instructions for accessing and participating 
in the Meeting through VC/OAVM Facility and voting through electronic means including remote e-voting
 (a) Pursuant to the Order passed by the NCLT read with 
MCA Circulars and the Circular issued by SEBI, Meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company will be held through VC/OAVM.
 (b) Since, the M eeting is being held pursuant to Order 
passed by the NCLT and MCA Circulars read with the Circular issued by SEBI through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the Meeting. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/Authorization letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘AMBUJA’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through his registered email ID address to 
raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the Transferee 
Company at investors.relation@adani.com by quoting 
the concerned DP ID and Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in CDSL e-voting system for verification by scrutiniser.
 (c) Since the Meeting is being held thr ough VC/OAVM, 
the deemed venue of the Meeting shall be the registered office of the Transferee Company.
 (d) The quorum of the Meeting of the equit y shareholders 
of the Transferee Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Companies Act, which shall be 30 (Thirty) equity shareholders. The equity shareholders attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act. In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.
 (e) In ter ms of the MCA Circulars and the Order passed 
by the NCLT, the aforesaid Particulars are being sent through electronic mode to those equity adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
7shareholders of the Transferee Company whose e-mail 
IDs are registered with MUFG Intime/depositories/the Transferee Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday, October 3, 2025.
 (f) CDSL, the Tr ansferee Company’s e-voting agency, 
will provide the facility for voting by the equity shareholders through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the Meeting.
 (g) All the documents men tioned in clause 67 of the 
accompanying explanatory statement, shall be available for inspection through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting. Equity shareholders seeking to inspect copies of the said documents may send an email at investors.relation@
adani.com. Further, all the documents mentioned in clause 67 of the accompanying explanatory statement shall also be open for inspection by the equity shareholders at the registered office of the Transferee Company between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., on all working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting. A transcript/recording of the Meeting shall also be made available on the website of the Transferee Company at  
www.ambujacement.com.
 (h) The Notice c onvening the Meeting will be published 
through advertisement in Indian Express (All editions) in the English language and Gujarati translation thereof in Financial Express (Ahmedabad edition).
  (i) Master C ircular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/
CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the “ SEBI Schemes Master 
Circular”) issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI”), inter alia, provides that approval of Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Transferee Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. For this purpose, the term “Public” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term “ Public 
Shareholders” shall be construed accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Transferee Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
   NCLT, b y its Order, has, inter alia, held that since 
the Transferee Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
 (j) The Scheme shall be c onsidered approved by the 
equity shareholders of the Transferee Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value of the equity shareholders e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230 – 232 of the Companies Act.
 (k) Further , in accordance with the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders (through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting) in favour of the aforesaid resolution for approval of Scheme is more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
 (l) Since the Meeting will be held thr ough VC/OAVM in 
accordance with the Order passed by NCLT and MCA Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.
 (m) The voting r ights of the equity shareholders shall 
be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferee Company as on Cut-Off Date, i.e., Friday, November 14, 2025.
 (n) A person, whose name is recorded in the register 
of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the MUFG Intime/depositories/Transferee Company as on the Cut-Off Date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 (o) In case of joint holders , an equity shareholder whose 
name appears higher in the order of names as per the Register of Members of the Transferee Company will be entitled to vote at the Meeting, provided the votes are not already cast through remote e-voting.
 (p) All gr ievances connected with the facility for voting 
by electronic means may be addressed to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 1800 21 09911.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
8
Ambuja Cements Limited2. Procedure for joining the Meeting through VC/OAVM
 (a) The equit y shareholders will be able to attend the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM or view the live webcast 
of the Meeting at www.evotingindia.com by using 
their remote e-voting login credentials and selecting 
the ‘EVSN’ for the Meeting as per the instructions mentioned below. Individual equity shareholders having securities in demat mode will have to login from the depository web site and non-individual shareholders and physical shareholders will have to login from CDSL portal for voting as well as for participation in the Meeting.
 (b) The equit y shareholders may join the Meeting 
through laptop(s), smartphone(s), tablet(s) or iPad(s) for better experience. Further, the equity shareholders will be required to use internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the Meeting. Equity shareholders will need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer 11, MS Edge or Mozilla Firefox.
  Please note tha t the participants connecting from 
mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches. Equity shareholders will be required to grant access to the webcam to enable two-way video conferencing.
 (c) Facility to join the Meeting will be opened 30 (thirty) 
minutes before the scheduled time of the Meeting and will be kept open throughout the proceedings of the Meeting.
 (d) The facilit y of participation at the Meeting through 
VC/OAVM will be made available on first come, first served basis. Large shareholders (i.e. shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors, directors, key managerial personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. will not be subject to the aforesaid restriction of  
first-come-first-serve basis.
 (e) The equity shar eholders who would like to express 
their views or ask questions during the Meeting may register themselves as speakers by mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email 
ID and mobile number, at investors.relation@adani.
com . The speaker registration will be open during  
Saturday, November 15, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Tuesday, November 18, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). Only those equity shareholders who are registered as speakers will be allowed to express their views or ask questions. Equity shareholders are requested to limit their question only related to business of the Notice.
 (f) The Chairman, a t its discretion reserves the right 
to restrict the number of questions and number of Speakers, depending upon availability of time as appropriate for smooth conduct of the Meeting.3. Instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the 
Meeting
 (a) In c ompliance with the provisions of section 108 
of the Companies Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, MCA Circulars and the Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Transferee Company is pleased to provide to its equity shareholders  
(which also consists of the Public Shareholders) facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolution proposed to be considered at the Meeting by electronic means and the business would be transacted through e-voting services arranged by CDSL. The equity shareholders may cast their votes remotely, using an electronic voting system (“remote e-voting”) on the dates mentioned herein below.
 (b) Those equity shar eholders (which also consists of 
the Public Shareholders), who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote  
e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the Meeting.
 (c) The equity shar eholders (which also consists of the 
Public Shareholders) who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the Meeting may also join the Meeting through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. An equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholder) can opt for only single mode of voting per EVSN,  
i.e., through remote e-voting or e-voting at the Meeting. If an equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) cast vote(s) by both modes, then voting done through remote e-voting shall prevail and vote(s) cast at the Meeting shall be treated as ‘INVALID’ .
 (d) The r emote e-voting period commences on Saturday, 
November 15, 2025 (3:00 p.m. IST) and ends on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). The remote e-voting module will be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the equity shareholder, he will not be allowed to change it subsequently. During this period, equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on Friday, November 14, 2025, i.e., Cut-Off  Date, may cast their vote by remote e-voting. A person who is not an equity shareholder as on the Cut-Off Date should treat this Notice for information purpose only. Further, any individual equity shareholder holding securities in demat mode who acquires equity shares of the Company and becomes an equity shareholder after sending of this Notice and holds shares as on the Cut-Off Date, may follow steps mentioned hereinafter.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
94. The process and manner for remote e-voting is as under:
 (a) In ter ms of the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on the e-voting facility provided 
by the listed companies and as part of increasing the efficiency of the voting process, e-voting process has been enabled to 
all individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode to vote through their demat account maintained with depositories / websites of depositories / depository participants. The equity shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email ID in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.
 (b) Pursuant t o aforesaid SEBI circular, login method for e-voting and joining Meeting for individual equity shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual equity 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSL1) Users who have opted for CDSL’s Easi/ Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user ID and password. Option will be made available to reach e-voting page 
without any further authentication. The URLs for users to login to Easi/ Easiest are  
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon and select new system Myeasi.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for 
eligible companies where the e-voting is in progress. On clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting. Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at  
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing demat account 
number and PAN from an e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page or click 
on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered mobile and email ID as recorded in the demat account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also be able to directly access the system of all e-voting service providers.
5) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email ID/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual equity 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode with National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)
1) If the user is already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility:
 a) Please visit the e-ser vices website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a personal computer or on a 
mobile.
 b) Once the home page of e-ser vices is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” available under ‘IDeAS’ section.
 c) A new screen will open. User will ha ve to enter his/her user ID and password. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting services.
 d) Click on “A ccess to e-voting” under e-voting services and user will be able to see 
e-voting page.
 e) Click on company name or e -voting service provider and user will be re-directed 
to e-voting service provider website for casting his/her vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
10
Ambuja Cements LimitedType of shareholders Login Method
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-services:
 a) The option to r egister is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.
 b) Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) E-voting website of NSDL:
 a) Visit the e- voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following  
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer or on a mobile.
 b) Once the home page of e- voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 c) A new screen will open. User will ha ve to enter his/her user ID (i.e. user’s sixteen 
digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a verification 
code as shown on the screen.
4) After successful authentication, user will be redirected to NSDL depository site wherein 
the user can see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected to e-voting service provider website for casting  
the vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
Individual equity 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository ParticipantsUser can also login using the login credentials of his/her demat account through user’s 
depository participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility.
Once logged in, user will be able to see e-voting option. Once the user clicks on e-voting option, 
the user will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein the user can see e-voting feature.
Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected to 
e-voting service provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
  Important note:  Equity shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for individual equity shar eholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 21 09911.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with NSDLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.:  
1800 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000.
 (c) Login method f or e-voting and joining the Meeting for equity shareholders (other than individual shareholders) holding in 
demat form and for physical equity shareholders.
  1) The equity shar eholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
  2) Click on “Shareholders ” module.
  3) Now ent er your User ID
   a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiar y ID,
   b. For NSDL: 8 Charac ter DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
   c. Equity shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the  
Transferee Company.
  4) Next en ter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
11  5) If the user is holding share(s) in dema t form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier 
e-voting of any company, then the user’s existing password is to be used.
  6) If the user is a first-time , follow the steps given below:
For equity shareholders holding shares in demat form other than individual and 
physical form
PAN Enter 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both 
demat equity shareholders as well as physical equity shareholders)
Equity shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Transferee Company/
Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by the Transferee Company/MUFG Intime or contact the Transferee Company/MUFG Intime.
Dividend Bank Details 
OR Date of Birth (DOB)Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in the 
user’s demat account or in the Transferee Company’s records in order to login.
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or the Transferee Company, please 
enter the member ID / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in 
instruction 5) above.
  7) Aft er entering these details appropriately, click 
on “SUBMIT” tab.
  8) Equity shareholders holding shares in physical 
form will then directly reach the Transferee Company selection screen. However, equity shareholders holding shares in demat form (other than individual equity shareholders) will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein the users are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share the password with any other person and take utmost care to keep the password confidential.
  9) For equity shar eholders holding shares in 
physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in  
this Notice.
  10) Click on the EVSN on which you choose to vote.
  11) On the voting page, the user will see 
“RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that the user has given his/her/its assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that the user has dissented to the Resolution.
  12) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK ” if the user 
wishes to view the entire Resolution details.
  13) Aft er selecting the resolution, the user has 
decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT” . A confirmation box will be displayed. If the user wishes to confirm his/her/its vote, click on “OK” , else to change the vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify the vote.
  14) Once the user “ CONFIRM” his/her/its vote on 
the resolution, the user will not be allowed to modify his/her/its vote.  15) The user can also take a prin t of the votes cast 
by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the voting page.
  16) If a demat ac count holder has forgotten the 
login password then enter the user ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password and enter the details as prompted by the system.
  17) Facility f or Non - Individual Shareholders and 
Custodians - Remote Voting
   a) Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other 
than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and 
Custodians are required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
   b) A scanned copy of the R egistration Form 
bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com.
   c) Aft er receiving the login details a 
Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
   d) The list of acc ounts linked in the login 
should be mailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com and on approval of the accounts they would be able to cast their vote.
   e) A scanned copy of the B oard Resolution 
and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
12
Ambuja Cements Limited   f) Alter natively, Non-Individual shareholders 
are required to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the scrutinizer at the email address raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com  and to the Transferee Company at 
the email address viz; investors.relation@adani.com, if they have voted from individual tab and not uploaded the same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
5. Process for those equity shareholders whose email/
mobile are not registered with the Transferee Company/
MUFG Intime/Depositories.
 (a) For phy sical equity shareholders, please provide 
necessary details like Folio No., name of equity shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by emails to investors.relation@adani.com  and rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.
 (b) For demat equit y shareholders, please update your 
email ID and mobile number with the respective 
Depository Participant.
6. Information and instructions for e-voting facility at the 
Meeting
 (a) Facility t o cast vote through e-voting at the Meeting 
will be made available on the video conference 
screen during the Meeting.
 (b) Those equit y shareholders, who will be present in the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during  
the Meeting.
Encl.: As aboveadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
13BEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL,
AHMEDABAD BENCH
C.A. (CAA)/ 49 (AHM) 2025
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with 
other applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement
between
Sanghi Industries Limited (“Transferor Company”)
and
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and
their respective shareholders
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED, a 
company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717… APPLICANT NO. 2 / 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 230(3), 232(1) 
AND (2) AND 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016
1. Pursuant to the order dated September 25, 2025, read  
with order dated October 9, 2025, passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred to as the “NCL T”), in C.A. (CAA)/49  
(AHM) 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the “Order”), a meeting 
of the equity shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “ Transferee Company” or 
the “Applicant No. 2” , as the context may admit) is being convened through Video Conference (“VC ”)/Other Audio-
Visual Means (“ OAVM ”), on Thursday, November 20, 2025 
at 1:00 p.m. (1300 hours), for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Transferor Company” or the “Applicant No. 1 ” , as 
the context may admit) and the Transferee Company and their respective shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the “Scheme”) under Sections 230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Act ”), read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Rules”). The Transferor Company and 
the Transferee Company are together referred to as the “Companies” or “Parties” , as the context may admit. A copy 
of the Scheme, which has been, inter alios, recommended/approved by the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee, Committee comprising of all the Independent Directors (“Committee of Independent Directors”), Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company at their respective meetings, all held on December 17, 2024,  
is enclosed as Annexure 1. Capitalised terms used herein 
but not defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Scheme, unless otherwise stated.
2. The Scheme, inter alia, provides for: (i) the amalgamation 
of the Transferor Company with and into the Transferee Company, with effect from the Appointed Date ( as defined 
in the Scheme), and the consequent dissolution of the Transferor Company without being wound up, and the issuance of New Equity Shares (as defined in the Scheme ) 
to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company in accordance with the Share Exchange Ratio ( as defined in 
the Scheme), pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 - 232 and/or other applicable provisions of the Act and in accordance with Section 2(1B) of the Income Tax Act, 1961; and (ii) reclassification of Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification (as defined in the Scheme ) from 
‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company.
3. In terms of the Order, the quorum of the meeting of 
the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Act, which shall be 30
 (thirty ) 
equity shareholders. Equity shareholders attending the meeting through VC/OAVM, either by themselves or through their authorised representative, shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.
4. Further in terms of the Order, the NCLT, has appointed 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri, former Chief Justice of the High Court of Orissa, and in his absence, Hon’ble Mr. Justice S.H. Vora, former judge of the High Court of Gujarat, to be the Chairman of the meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof.
5. This statement is being furnished as required under  
Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Rules.
6. As stated earlier, NCLT by its Order has, inter alia, directed 
that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company shall be convened through VC/OAVM, on Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. (1300 hours) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme (hereinafter referred to as “Meeting”). Equity shareholders would be entitled to vote either through remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 The Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its 
equity shareholders to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI Schemes Master Circular”) issued by Securities and adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
14
Ambuja Cements LimitedExchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI”) 
inter alia, provides that approval of Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Transferee Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. For this purpose, the term “ Public” shall 
have the meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term “ Public 
Shareholders” shall be construed accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Transferee Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
 NCLT, by its Order, has, inter alia, held that since the Transferee 
Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
 The scrutinizer appointed for conducting the remote e-voting 
and e-voting during the Meeting will however submit his separate report to the Chairman of the Transferee Company or to the person so authorised by him after completion of the scrutiny of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting cast by the Public Shareholders so as to announce the results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. In terms of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the votes cast by the Public Shareholders through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in favour of the resolution for approval of Scheme are more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
7. The Scheme shall be considered approved by the equity 
shareholders of the Transferee Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value of the equity shareholders voting through e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Act.
8. In terms of the Order, if the entries in the records/registers 
of the Transferee Company in relation to the number or value, as the case may be, of the equity shares are disputed, the Chairman of the Meeting shall determine the number or value, as the case may be, for the purposes of the said Meeting, and his decision in that behalf shall be final.Particulars of the Applicant No. 1/Transferor Company
9. The Transferor Company was incorporated on June 14, 1985, 
as Sanghi Leathers Private Limited, a private limited company, with the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to: (i) Sanghi Industries Private Limited on September 18, 1992; and (ii) Sanghi Industries Limited on October 28, 1992, pursuant to its conversion into a public limited company. The registered office of the Transferor Company was shifted from the State of Telangana to the State of Gujarat on January 10, 2025. The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferor Company is L18209GJ1985PLC157787. The Permanent Account Number of the Transferor Company is AAECS5510Q. The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company. The Transferee Company as on June 30, 2025, was holding 58.08% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The equity shares of the Transferor Company are listed on BSE Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ NSE”), respectively. 
BSE and NSE are together referred to as “Stock Exchanges”.
10. The registered office of the Transferor Company was situated 
at P .O. Sanghinagar, Ranga Reddy District, Telangana – 501 511. Thereafter, with effect from January 10, 2025, the registered office of the Transferor Company was shifted to Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the registered office address of the Transferor Company since last 5 years. The e-mail address of the Transferor Company is 
companysecretary.sil@adani.com.
11. The objects for which the Transferor Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. 
The main objects of the Transferor Company are as follows:
 “III
 (A) THE MAIN OBJECTS THAT WILL BE PURSUED BY THE COMPANY ON ITS INCORPORATION ARE:
 1. To produce, manufacture, refine, prepare, process, purchase, import, export, sell and generally to deal in all kinds of Cement, Cement Products of any description, limestone, gypsum, clinker and/or by-products thereof and in connection therewith to acquire, erect, construct, establish, operate and maintain Cement factories, quarries, workshops and other work relating thereto, and to carry on the business of buying and selling Cement, bricks, limestones, sand, fly ash or other earthy material or manufactured product such as tiles, pavement and roofing materials, and to deal in line, plaster, clay, coke, fuel, timber, artificial stone and builders requisites and appliances.
 2. To generate Thermal/Hydro Power and to sell power to the customers in Government and Private Sectors; to carry on business as manufacturers, fabricators, assemblers, buyers, sellers, importers, exporter and agent for all type of Power Generation plants and to establish, operate and maintain the Generating Stations and tie-lines, sub-stations and main transmission lines connected therewith.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
15 (B)  THE OBJECTS ANCILLAR Y OR INCIDENTAL TO THE 
ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN OBJECTS STATED IN (A) 
ABOVE ARE AS FOLLOWS:
 34. To amalgamate , enter into partnership or into any 
arrangement for sharing profits, or into any union of interest, joint-adventures reciprocal concessions or co-operation with any person or persons or Company or Companies carrying on, or engaged in, or about to carry on or engage in or being authorised to carry on or engage in or any business or transaction which this Company is authorised to carry on or engage in or any business or transaction or capable of being conducted so as directly or indirectly to benefit this Company. ”
 Clause III of the Memorandum of Association of the Transferor Company was amended and restated vide Special Resolution passed at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Transferor Company held on February 8, 2024. Except as stated above, there has been no change in the main object clause in the last 5 (five) years.
12. The Transferor Company is engaged in the business of 
manufacturing and selling of cement and cement related products.
13. The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital 
of the Transferor Company as on August 31, 2025, was  
as under:
Particulars Amount 
(in `)
Authorised Share Capital
35,00,00,000 equity shares of `10/- 
each350,00,00,000
220,00,00,000 preference shares of ` 10/- each2200,00,00,000
Total 2550,00,00,000
Issued, subscribed and paid-up Capital
25,83,26,000 equity shares of `10/- 
each fully paid-up258,32,60,000
220,00,00,000 - 8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares of ` 10/- each fully paid-up2200,00,00,000
Total 2458,32,60,000
Particulars of the Applicant No. 2/Transferee Company
14. The Transferee Company was incorporated on October 20, 
1981, as Ambuja Cements Private Limited with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, as a private limited company, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to (i) Ambuja Cements Limited on March 19, 1983, pursuant to its conversion into a public limited company; (ii) Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited on May 19, 1983; and (iii) Ambuja Cements Limited on April 5, 2007. The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferee Company is L26942GJ1981PLC004717. The Permanent Account Number of the Transferee Company is AAACG0569P . The Transferee Company is a part of Adani Group of companies.15. The registered office of the Transferee Company was 
situated at P . O. Ambuja Nagar, Taluka Kodinar, Amreli, Dist: Junagadh, Gujarat. Thereafter, with effect from October 8, 2022, the registered office of the Transferee Company was shifted to Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the registered office address of the Transferee Company since last 5 years. The e-mail address of the  
Transferee Company is investors.relation@adani.com.
16. The objects for which the Transferee Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. The main objects of the Transferee Company are as under:
 “III
 (A) MAIN OBJECTS OF THE COMPANY TO BE PURSUED BY THE COMPANY ON ITS INCORPORATION:
 (1) To carry on the business as manufacturers and dealers in Grey Cement, White Portland Cement, Ordinary Portland Cement and Cement of all kinds and varieties, Concrete, Lime, Clay, Gypsum and Lime Stone, Sagole, Soap Stone, Repifix Cement and allied products and by-products.
 (2) To establish, construct, acquire, run, operate on any factory for manufacturing Cement and allied products.
 (3) To carry on the business of providing services for waste management and/or undertake such waste treatment activities or operating pre-treatment system, by co-processing, incineration, thermal, chemical or biological or through any other process of liquid / solid/ gaseous, hazardous / non-hazardous, municipal, agricultural, medical/clinic waste etc. from industrial / non-industrial sources, body corporate, agencies of local, state or central government or from any other sources and includes generation, collection, transportation and storage of wastes and disposal of the same, conducting trial runs, emission monitoring and entering in to agreements for this purpose, receive tipping fees / or pay charges for the material.
 (4) To impart professional training, technical training, business support and problem solving solution and/or other support services and to provide material library, reference portal, professional support, hands on experience and/or function as a excellence centre that promotes & offer solution for application of cement, concrete and other construction materials etc. to engineers, masons, architects, consultants, dealers, wholesellers, retailers, channel partners, and other construction industry etc. and for this purpose, to convene, hold or conduct seminars, conferences, workshops, technical lectures and manuals, video screenings, panel discussions and to promote, establish knowledge centre for skill advancement and competency development.
 (B) OBJECTS INCIDENTAL OR ANCILL ARY TO THE 
ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN OBJECTSadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
16
Ambuja Cements Limited (40)  To amalgamate, enter into any partnership or partially 
amalgamate with or acquire an interest in the business of any other company, person or firm, carrying on a business included in the objects of the Company, or enter into any arrangement for sharing profits or for co-operation, or for limiting competition, or for mutual assistance, with any such person, firm or company, or to acquire auxiliary to the business of the Company or connected therewith or which may seem to the Company capable to being conveniently carried on in connection with the above, or calculated directly to enhance the value of or render more profitable any of the Company’s property and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid, or property acquired, any share, debenture-stock or securities that may be agreed upon, and to hold and retain or sell, mortgage and deal with any shares, debentures, debenture-stock or securities so received. ”
  There has been no change in the main object clause 
of the Transferee Company since last 5 (five) years.
17. The Transferee Company is among the leading cement 
companies in India, renowned for its hassle-free, home-building solutions with its unique sustainable development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started its operations.
18. The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital 
of the Transferee Company as on August 31, 2025, was as under:
Particulars Amount 
(in `)
Authorised Share Capital^
4,001,77,50,000 equity shares of  ` 2/- each8,003,55,00,000
15,00,00,000 preference shares of  ` 10/- each150,00,00,000
Total 8153,55,00,000
Issued Share Capital
^
247,21,49,998 * equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up494,42,99,996
Total 494,42,99,996
Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital
^
247,18,23,478* equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up
#494,36,46,956
Total 494,36,46,956
 ^ The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital as stated above is after giving effect to the sanction of Scheme of Amalgamation of Adani Cementation Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, which has been made effective from August 1, 2025.
 * The issued and paid-up share c apital includes 13,23,932 
equity shares represented by 13,23,932 global depository receipts as on August 31, 2025.
 # The differ ence of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, 
subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right shares which are kept in abeyance.19. The equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed on 
the Stock Exchanges. The global depository receipts issued by the Transferee Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Rationale for the Scheme
20. The Rationale for the Scheme is as under:
 (i) The T ransferee Company is the promoter of the 
Transferor Company and holds 58.08% of the paid-up equity share capital and 100% of the 8% - non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares of the Transferor Company. As both the companies are under the same line of business, this amalgamation will enable the Transferee Company to absorb the business of Transferor Company completely for carrying on more effectively and beneficially.
 (ii) The Scheme will enable the Transferee Company 
to integrate the Transferor Company’s operations, leading to more efficient and economical business management. This includes better resource utilization, reduced overheads, cost savings, economies of scale, elimination of duplicated efforts, and streamlined compliance requirements through amalgamation.
 (iii) The amalgamation will enhanc e business potential 
of the Transferor Company, add value to both the companies, and ultimately increase the shareholders’ value.
 (iv) The amalgamation will lead t o reduction and 
rationalisation of multiple entities in the group.
 (v) The Pr omoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter 
Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification, would: (a) not hold more than ten percent of the total voting rights in the Transferee Company; (b) do not exercise control over the affairs of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company either directly or indirectly; (c) do not have any special rights with respect to the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company through any formal or informal arrangements including through any shareholder agreements;  
(d) do not represent on the board of directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company including a nominee director; (e) do not act as a key managerial personnel in the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. Further, the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification, (a) have not been declared ‘wilful defaulter’ as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India; and (b) are not fugitive economic offenders. Accordingly, reclassification of the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification of the Transferor Company from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company has been contemplated upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 31A of the Securities and Exchange adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
17Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Relationship among Companies who are parties to the Scheme
21. The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company. The Transferee Company as on June 30, 2025, was holding 58.08% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company are part of Adani Group of Companies.
Corporate Approvals
In respect of Applicant No. 1/Transferor Company
22. The draft Scheme along with the valuation report, 
recommending the share exchange ratio in respect of the 
proposed Scheme, dated December 17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Valuation 
Report 1”), among other documents, were placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferor Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. A fairness opinion issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker (hereinafter referred to as the “ Fairness Opinion 
1”), to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, in respect of the Valuation Report 1, was also placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferor Company. Copies of the (i) Valuation Report 1, dated December 17, 2024; and (ii) Fairness Opinion 1, dated December 17, 2024, are enclosed as Annexure 2 and Annexure 3, respectively.
 The Audit Committee of the Transferor Company after 
due deliberations and, inter alia, based on the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities for their favourable consideration and approval.
23. The draft Scheme, the Valuation Report 1 and the Fairness 
Opinion 1, amongst others, were placed before the Committee of Independent Directors of the Transferor Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Committee of Independent Directors of the Transferor Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on 
the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for favourable consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities.
24. The draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 1, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 1 was also placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company. Based on the aforesaid and the reports, inter alios, submitted by 
the Committee of Independent Directors and the Audit Committee, recommending the Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, held on December 17, 2024, was attended by six (6) directors, namely, Mr. Ajay Kapur (DIN: 03096416), Chairman;  
Mr. Sukuru Ramarao (DIN: 08846591), Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Vinod Bahety (DIN: 09192400), Non-Executive Director; Ms. Shruti Shah (DIN: 08337714), Independent Director; Mr. Ravi Kapoor (DIN: 00003847), Independent Director; and Mr. Sudhir Nanavati (DIN: 00050236), Independent Director, who attended the meeting through video conferencing. None of the directors of the Transferor Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus, the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
In respect of Applicant No. 2/Transferee Company
25. The draft Scheme along with the valuation report, 
recommending share exchange ratio in respect of the proposed Scheme, dated December 17, 2024, issued by  
GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Valuation Report 2”), among other documents, were placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company. A fairness opinion issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker (hereinafter referred to as the “Fairness Opinion 2”), to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, in respect of the Valuation Report 2, was also placed before the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company. Copies of the (i) Valuation Report 2, dated December 17, 2024; (ii) Fairness Opinion 2, dated December 17, 2024; and (iii) Summary of Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2, including the basis of such Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2 and Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2; and are enclosed as Annexure 4, Annexure 5 and Annexure 6, respectively.
 The Mergers and Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee 
Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on the 
aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for the consideration of the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company.
26. The draft Scheme, the Valuation Report 2 and the Fairness 
Opinion 2, amongst others, were placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024.
 The Audit Committee of the Transferee Company, after 
due deliberations and, inter alia, based on the aforesaid recommended the Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities for their favourable consideration and approval.
27. The draft Scheme, the Valuation Report 2 and the 
Fairness Opinion 2, amongst others, were placed before the Committee of Independent Directors of the  
Transferee Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024.
 The Committee of Independent Directors of the Transferee 
Company after due deliberations, inter alia, based on 
the aforesaid, recommended the Scheme for favourable consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
18
Ambuja Cements Limited28. The draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 2, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors 
of the Transferee Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 2 was also placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company. Based on the aforesaid and the reports, inter alios, submitted by the Audit 
Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors, recommending the Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, held on December 17, 2024, was attended by eight (8) directors, namely, Mr. Gautam Adani (DIN: 00006273), Chairman; Mr. Karan Adani (DIN: 03088095), Non-Executive Director; Mr. Ajay Kapur (DIN: 03096416), Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Rajnish Kumar (DIN: 05328267), Independent Director; Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051), Independent Director; Mr. Ameet Desai (DIN: 00007116), Independent Director; Ms. Purvi Sheth (DIN: 06449636), Independent Director and Mr. M R Kumar (DIN: 03628755), Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, who attended the meeting through Video conferencing. None of the directors of the Transferee Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus, the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
Approvals and actions taken in relation to the Scheme
29. NSE was appoint ed as the Designated Stock Exchange by 
the Transferor Company for the purpose of co-ordinating with SEBI for obtaining approval of SEBI in accordance with SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
30. The Transferor Company had by its two separate letters, 
both dated January 3, 2025, applied to the Stock Exchanges for their no-objection to the Scheme. Thereafter, certain information/details/queries were sought/raised by NSE/BSE and the same were submitted/addressed by the Transferor Company.
31. As required by the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the 
Transferor Company filed a Complaint Report with the NSE on March 25, 2025, and BSE on March 6, 2025. Subsequently, as intimated by NSE, the Transferor Company submitted an updated Complaint Report with the NSE on June 16, 2025. Copies of the Complaint Report dated March 25, 2025, submitted by the Transferor Company to NSE; the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by the Transferor Company to BSE; and the updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by the Transferor Company to NSE, respectively, are enclosed as Annexure 7, Annexure 8 and 
Annexure 9, respectively.
32. In terms of Paragraph A.2.k) of Part-I of the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/debenture trustees, from not less than 75% of the secured creditors in value is required to be obtained. It is submitted that the Transferor Company had no secured creditors on the date of the aforesaid applications filed by it with the Stock Exchanges or even as on date. Hence, no such No Objection Certificate is required to be obtained by the Transferor Company in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular.33. NSE was appoint ed as the Designated Stock Exchange by 
the Transferee Company for the purpose of co-ordinating with SEBI for obtaining approval of SEBI in accordance with SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
34. The Transferee Company had by its two separate letters, 
both dated January 3, 2025, applied to the Stock Exchanges for their no-objection to the Scheme. Thereafter, certain information/details/queries were sought/raised by NSE/BSE and the same were submitted/addressed by the Transferee Company.
35. As required by the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the 
Transferee Company filed a Complaint Report with the NSE on March 25, 2025, and BSE on March 6, 2025. Subsequently, as intimated by NSE, the Transferee Company submitted an updated Complaint Report with the NSE on June 16, 2025. Copies of the Complaint Report dated March 25, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to NSE; the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to BSE; and the updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to NSE, respectively, are enclosed as Annexure 10, Annexure 11 
and Annexure 12, respectively.
36. In terms of Paragraph A.2.k) of Part-I of the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/debenture trustees, from not less than 75% of the secured creditors in value is required to be obtained. It is submitted that the Transferee Company had no secured creditors on the date of the aforesaid applications filed by it with the Stock Exchanges or even as on date. Hence, no such No Objection Certificate is required to be obtained by the Transferee Company in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
37. The Companies received no-objection/no adverse 
observation letter regarding the Scheme from NSE and BSE, both dated July 17, 2025, conveying their no-objection/no adverse observation for filing the Scheme with NCLT.
 By the said letter dated July 17, 2025, NSE communicated 
the following observations of SEBI to the Companies:
 a) “The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters, and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the Scheme.
 b) The Compan y shall ensure that additional information, 
if any, submitted by the Company after filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the Listed Company and the Stock Exchanges.
 c) The Compan y shall ensure compliance with the SEBI 
circulars issued from time to time.
 d) The Compan y shall ensure that the entities involved in 
the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular and also ensure that all the liabilities of the Transferor Company are transferred to the  
Transferee Company.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
19 e) The Compan y shall ensure that all the information 
pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, if any 
in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.
 f) The Compan y shall ensure that the financials in the 
scheme including financials considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.
 g) The Compan y shall ensure that the details of proposed 
scheme under consideration as provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the shareholders.
 h) Both the Companies shall ensur e to disclose the 
following as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013.
  i. Need for the amalgamation, Rationale of the 
scheme and swap ratio, Synergies of business of the entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.
  ii. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of a1l the 
companies involved in the Scheme for last 3 years.
  iii. Value of Assets and liabilities of T ransferor 
Companies that are being transferred to Transferee company and post-merger balance sheet of Transferee Company.
  iv. No Objec tion Certificate (NOC) from the 
lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/ debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part— I of SEBI Master Circular.
  v. Disclose all pending ac tions against the entities 
involved in the scheme, its promoters/directors/ KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company and its current status.
  vi. Financial implication of mer ger on promoters, 
minority shareholders and the entities involved in the scheme.
  vii. Undertaking that pr omoters of SIL which are to 
be reclassified as public shareholders in ACL, post-merger, are not related to Transferee company, Subsidiary or Associate of Transferee Company and promoters/directors/KMPs of Transferee Company or of its subsidiaries or associate.
  viii. Latest C omplaint report.
 i) The Compan y shall ensure that the proposed equity 
shares to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. j) The C ompany shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be 
acted upon subject to the applicant complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
 k) The Compan y shall ensure that no changes to the draft 
scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
 l) The Compan y shall ensure that the observations of  
SEBI/Stock Exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT, and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT.
 m) The Compan y shall ensure to comply with all the 
applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme.
 n) The C ompany shall ensure that the listed entity(ies) 
involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.
 o) It is to b e noted that the petitions are filed by the company 
before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
 p) Please note that the submission of do cuments/
information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. ”
 By the said letter dated July 17, 2025, BSE communicated the 
following observations of SEBI to the Companies:
 1. “The Entit y shall disclose all details of ongoing 
adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme. ”
 2. “The Entit y shall ensure that additional information, if 
any, submitted by the Company after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges. ”
 3. “The Entities shall ensure compliance with the SEBI 
circulars issued from time to time.
 4. “The entities in volved in the Scheme shall duly comply 
with various provisions of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee Company. ”adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
20
Ambuja Cements Limited 5. “The entit y is advised that the information pertaining to 
all the Unlisted Companies involved, if any, in the scheme 
shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval. ”
 6. “The Entit y shall ensure that the financials in the scheme 
including financials considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. ”
 7. “The entit y is advised that the details of the proposed 
scheme under consideration as provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders. ”
 8. “The entit y is advised to ensure that the following 
additional disclosure to the public shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision
  i. Need for the amalgamation, Rationale of the 
scheme and swap ratio, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.
  ii. Details of Reven ue, PAT and EBITDA of all the 
Companies involved in the Scheme for the last 3 years.
  iii. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor 
Company that are being transferred to Transferee Company.
  iv. No Objec tion Certificate (NOC) from the 
lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/ debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part-I of SEBI Master Circular.
  v. Disclose all pending ac tions against the entities 
involved in the scheme its promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to the shareholders.
  vi. Financial implication of the mer ger on Promoters, 
minority Shareholders and the companies involved in the scheme.
  vii. Undertaking that the P romoters of SIL which 
are to be reclassified as public shareholders in ACL, post-merger are not related to Transferee Company, Subsidiary or Associate of Transferee company and promoters/directors/KMPs or of its subsidiaries or associates.
  viii. Latest c omplaint report. ’
 9. “The entit y is advised that the proposed equity shares, 
if any, to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. ” 10. “The entit y is advised that the “Scheme” shall be acted 
upon subject to the applicant complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. ”
 11. “No changes to the dra ft scheme except those mandated 
by the regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. ”
 12. “The entities ar e advised that the observations of  
SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT, and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT. ”
 13. “The entit y is advised to comply with the all applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme. ”
 14. “The list ed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall 
disclose the No Objection letter of the Stock Exchange{s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same. ”
 15. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company 
before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations. ”
  Copies of the no objection/no adv erse observation 
letters, both dated July 17, 2025, received by the Companies from NSE and BSE, respectively, are enclosed as Annexure 13 and Annexure 14, 
respectively.
38. Pursuant to comments by SEBI in the aforesaid observation 
letters, the Companies bring to the notice of their respective equity shareholders the details of “Ongoing adjudication 
& recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Sanghi Industries Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2025, and  
“Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors”  
as on June 30, 2025. The respective details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 15 and Annexure 16, 
respectively. The aforesaid details also formed part of the joint Company Application in CA (CAA)/49 (AHM) 2025, filed by the Companies before NCLT.
39. Further, the Companies also bring to the notice of their 
respective equity shareholders the details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (i) clause h) of the no objection letter dated July 17, 2025, received from NSE; and (ii) clause 8 of the no adverse observation letter dated July 17, 2025, received from BSE. The details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 17.
40. The Companies would obtain/cause to be obtained all such 
other approvals from the Governmental Authority as may be required under Law.
41. C.A. (CAA )/49 (AHM) 2025 along with annexures thereto 
(which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
21Companies with the NCLT, on September 10, 2025. 
The hard copy whereof was filed with the NCLT on  
September 11, 2025.
Salient extracts of the Scheme
42. Certain clauses of the Scheme are extracted below:
“PART I
1. DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETA TION, DATE OF TAKING EFFECT 
AND SHARE CAPITAL
1.1.  Definitions
1.1.2.  “Adani Cementation Merger Scheme ” shall have the 
meaning as set forth in the Introduction Clause.
1.1.3.  “Appointed Date” means April 1, 2024.
1.1.6.   “Effective Date” means the last of the dates on which all 
the approvals or events specified under Clause 3.3 of the Scheme are obtained or have occurred or the requirement of which have been waived. References in this Scheme to “upon the coming into effect of this Scheme” or “upon this Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of this Scheme” or “Scheme coming into effect” shall mean the Effective Date.
1.1.13.   “Penna Cement Merger Scheme ” shall have the meaning 
as set forth in the Introduction Clause.
1.1.14.   “Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification” means the persons, more specifically set 
out in Schedule I.
1.1.32.   “Undertaking” means the Transferor Company and includes 
all the business, undertakings, assets, properties, investments, rights, approvals, licenses and powers, leasehold rights and all its debts, outstanding, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor Company, of whatsoever nature and kind and wherever situated, on a going concern basis and with continuity of business of the Transferor Company, which shall mean and include, without limitation:
 (a) Any and all of its immovable properties (including 
work in progress) and rights thereto i.e. land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon (whether, freehold, leasehold, leave and licensed, right of way, tenancies, sanctioned/allotted by the Governmental Authority or otherwise) including drains and culverts, civil works, foundations for civil works, offices, guest house, colony, captive power plant, warehouses, workshops, sheds, stores, storages including coal storage, silo, DG room, roads, laboratory, boundary walls, jetty, soil filling works, benefits of any rental agreement for any use of premises, share of any joint assets, etc., and all documents (including panchnamas, declarations, receipts, sanction letters/orders, etc.) of title, rights and easements in relation thereto and all rights, covenants, continuing rights, title and interest, benefits and interests of rental agreements for lease or license or other rights to use of premises, in connection with the said  
immovable properties; (b) Any and all of its assets (including work in progress), 
as are movable in nature, whether present or future or contingent, tangible or intangible, in possession or reversion, corporeal or incorporeal (including plant and machinery, boilers, turbines, handling equipment including coal handling equipments, dumpers, excavators, shovel, surface miners, cranes, capital work in progress, electrical fittings, air conditioners, furniture, fixtures, appliances, accessories, power lines, office equipments, computers, communication facilities, installations, vehicles, inventory and tools and plants), stock-in-trade, stores and spares, stock-in-transit, raw materials, finished goods, supplies, packaging items/materials, actionable claims, prepaid expenses, bills of exchange, promissory notes, current assets, earnest monies and receivables, sundry debtors, financial assets, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, provisions, receivables, funds, cash and bank balances and deposits including accrued interest thereto with Governmental Authority, semi-Government, local and other authorities and bodies, banks, customers and other persons, insurances, the benefits of any bank guarantees,  
performance guarantees and letters of credit;
 (c) Any and all of its permits, licenses (including factory 
license), mineral mining rights, permissions, right of way, approvals, authorisations, clearances, consents, benefits, registrations including import registrations, rights, entitlements, credits, certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no objection certificates, exemptions, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, concessions, subsidies, liberties and advantages (including consent/authorisation granted by Pollution Control Board, environmental clearance and other licenses/permits granted/issued/given by any Governmental Authority, statutory or regulatory or local or administrative bodies), Tax deferrals, Tax credits (including any credits arising from advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, other income Tax credits, withholding Tax credits, minimum alternate Tax credits, central value added tax credits, goods and services Tax credits, customs duty credit, other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables), other claims under Tax Laws, privileges, incentives (including incentives in respect of income Tax, sales Tax, value added Tax, service Tax, excise duty, customs duties and goods and services Tax), benefits, Tax holidays, Tax refunds (including those pending with any Tax authorities), all Tax assets both direct and indirect including refunds filed pending to be adjudicated and refunds to be filed, advantages, benefits and all other rights, privileges, powers and facilities of every kind and description of whatsoever nature and the  
benefits thereto;
 (d) All contracts, agreements including power purchase 
agreement(s), coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
22
Ambuja Cements Limitedof agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, 
expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/licence agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/ panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, insurance covers and claims, clearances and other instruments of whatsoever nature and description, whether written, oral or otherwise and all rights, title, interests, claims and benefits thereunder;
 (e) All intangible assets, including all Intellectual Property 
Rights and all goodwill attaching to such Intellectual Property Rights;
 (f) All rights to use and avail telephones, facsimile, e-mail, 
internet, leased line connections and installations, utilities, electricity and other services, reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other interests held in trusts, registrations, contracts, engagements, arrangements of all kind, privileges and all other rights, easements, liberties and advantages of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging to or in the ownership, power or possession and in control of or vested in or granted in favour of or enjoyed by the Transferor Company and all other interests of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power, possession or control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Transferor Company;
 (g) All books, records, files, papers, engineering and process 
information, software licenses (whether proprietary or otherwise), applications (including hardware, software, source codes, parameterization and scripts), test reports, computer programmes, drawings, manuals, data, databases including databases for procurement, commercial and management, catalogues, brochures, pamphlets, quotations, sales and advertising materials, product registrations, product master cards, lists of present and former customers and suppliers including service providers, other customer information, customer credit information, customer/supplier pricing information, and all other books and records, whether in physical or electronic form;
 (h) All insurance policies of the Transferor Company;
 (i) All investments, including long term, short term, quoted, 
unquoted investments in different instruments, including shares, debentures, warrants and bonds, if any;
 (j) Amounts claimed or to be claimed including the 
receivables by the Transferor Company from any Governmental Authority;
 (k) All application monies, advance monies, earnest monies 
and security and other deposits paid to any person, including any Governmental Authority, and payments against other entitlements; (l) Any and all of its debts, borrowings and liabilities, 
present or future, whether or not provided in the books of accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of the Transferor Company, all guarantees, assurances, commitments and obligations of any nature or description, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, secured or unsecured, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, known or unknown, due or to become due, whenever or however arising (including, without limitation, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on negligence or strict liability) unless transferred, assigned or hived off in any manner as part of any other undertaking prior to the Appointed Date;
 (m)  All of its staff and employees, and other obligations of 
whatsoever kind, including liabilities of the Transferor Company, with regard to its staff and employees, with respect to the payment of gratuity, superannuation, pension benefits and provident fund or other compensation or benefits, if any, whether in the event of resignation, death, retirement, retrenchment or otherwise; and
 (n) All legal proceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral 
and other administrative proceedings of whatsoever nature involving the Undertaking.
PART II
1. AMALGAMATION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANY INTO AND WITH THE TRANSFEREE COMPANY
2.1  Transfer and vesting of the Transferor Company into and 
with the Transferee Company
2.1.1  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, subject to the provisions of this Scheme, the Undertaking shall stand transferred to and vest in the Transferee Company, as a going concern, together with all its estates, properties, assets, contracts, employees, records, approvals, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest therein, subject to existing charges thereon in favour of banks and financial institutions, if any, or otherwise, as the case may be, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the estate, properties, assets, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest of the Transferee Company by virtue of and in the manner provided in the Scheme pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and the provisions of sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
2.1.2  Without prejudice to the generality of the above and to the 
extent applicable, unless otherwise stated herein, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, in relation to the Undertaking:
 (i) All assets of the Transfer or Company that are movable in 
nature or incorporeal property or are otherwise capable of transfer by physical or constructive delivery, novation and/or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and recordal of whatsoever nature, or otherwise capable adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
23of transfer by delivery of possession or by operation 
pursuant to this Scheme, shall, pursuant to this Scheme, stand vested in and/or be deemed to be vested in the Transferee Company and shall become the property of the Transferee Company, with effect on and from the Appointed Date pursuant to the provisions of the Act, all other applicable provisions of applicable Law, if any, without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer of the same. The vesting pursuant to this sub-clause shall be deemed to have occurred by physical or constructive delivery or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and recordal, pursuant to this Scheme, as appropriate to the property being vested and title to the property shall be deemed to have been transferred accordingly.
 (ii) All other movable assets of the T ransferor Company, 
including investments in shares and any other securities, sundry debtors, actionable claims, earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, bank balances and deposits, with Governmental Authorities, customers and other persons, shall, stand transferred to, and vested in the Transferee Company without any notice or other intimation to the debtors or obligors or any other person. The Transferor Company shall upon sanction of the Scheme be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title of such movable property in this regard. The Transferee Company may (without being obliged to do so), if it so deems appropriate, give notice in such form as it deems fit and proper, to each such debtor or obligor or any other person, that pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal, such debt, loan, advance, claim, bank balance, deposit or other asset be paid or made good or held on account of the Transferee Company as the person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Transferor Company to recover or realise all such debts (including the debts payable by such debtor or obligor or any other person to the Transferor Company) stands transferred and assigned to the Transferee Company and that appropriate entries should be passed in the books of accounts of the relevant debtors or obligors or other persons to record such change.
 (iii) All lease and licence agr eements, entered into by 
the Transferor Company with landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use of the assets of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company, together with security deposits and advance/prepaid lease/license fee, rights and easements in relation to such properties, shall stand automatically transferred in favour of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. The Transferee Company shall continue to pay rent amounts/licence fees/royalty as provided for in such agreements and shall comply with the other terms, conditions and covenants thereunder and shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits/prepaid lease/license fee paid under such agreements by the Transferor Company. (iv) All immovable pr operties, estate, assets of the 
Transferor Company, including land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon and rights, claim, title, authorities and interests in immovable properties including accretions and appurtenances of the Undertaking of whatsoever nature and wherever situate of the Transferor Company, whether freehold or leasehold or sanctioned/allotted by any Governmental Authority or otherwise, and all documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed to have been vested in the Transferee Company, without any further act or deed done or being required to be done by the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company and the mere filing thereof with the appropriate registrar or sub-registrar or with the relevant Governmental Authority shall suffice as record of continuing titles with the Transferee Company and shall be constituted as a deemed mutation and substitution thereof. The Transferee Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to such immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the ground rent, rates and Taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the immovable properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly recorded in the name of the Transferee Company by the appropriate authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof. The appropriate authorities shall grant all clearances/permissions, if any, required for enabling the Transferee Company to absolutely own and enjoy the immovable properties in accordance with applicable Law. The Transferee Company shall upon the Scheme becoming effective be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title to such immovable property in this regard, which are in possession of the Transferor Company. It is clarified that any document executed pursuant to this sub-clause or sub-clause (iii) above or sub-clause (vii) below will be for the limited purpose of meeting the regulatory requirements and shall not be deemed to be a document under which the transfer of any asset of the Transferor Company takes place and all assets of the Transferor Company shall be transferred solely pursuant to and in terms of this Scheme and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning the Scheme.
 (v) All estate, assets , rights, title, claims, interest, 
investments and properties of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date, including accretions and appurtenances, whether or not included in the books of the Transferor Company, and all assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties, of whatsoever nature and wherever situate, which is acquired by the Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date but prior to the Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall become the assets and properties of the Transferee Company.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
24
Ambuja Cements Limited (vi) All liabilities, including all secured, if any, and unsecured 
debts, sundry creditors, contingent liabilities, duties, 
obligations and undertakings of the Transferor Company, of every kind, nature and description whatsoever and howsoever arising, raised, incurred or utilised for its business activities and operations, shall, pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, be transferred to, and vested in, or be deemed to have been transferred to, and vested in, the Transferee Company, along with any charge, encumbrance, lien or security created in connection therewith, and such liabilities shall be assumed by the Transferee Company to the extent they are outstanding as on the Effective Date so as to become, the liabilities, debts, duties and obligations of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions as was applicable to the Transferor Company, and the Transferee Company shall meet, discharge and satisfy the liabilities and it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who is a party to any contract or arrangement by virtue of which such liabilities have arisen in order to give effect to the provisions of this clause.
 Permits
 (vii)  All Gov ernmental Approvals and other consents, 
allotments, concessions, credits, awards, sanctions, subsidies, rehabilitation schemes, permissions, quotas, rights, authorisations, entitlements, no-objection certificates and licences, including those relating to tenancies, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, tenders, privileges, powers, facilities, letter of allotments and certificates of every kind and description of whatsoever nature, to which the Transferor Company is a party or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be entitled to use or which may be required to carry on the operations of the Transferor Company, and which are subsisting or in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, including the benefits of any applications made for any of the foregoing, shall be, and remain, in full force and effect in favour of or against the Transferee Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party, a beneficiary or an obligee thereto and shall be appropriately mutated by the relevant Governmental Authorities in favour of the Transferee Company. It is hereby clarified that if the consent of any third party or Governmental Authority is required to give effect to the provisions of this Clause, the said third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record the necessary substitution/ endorsement in the name of the Transferee Company pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, and upon this Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the terms hereof. For this purpose, the Transferee Company shall file appropriate applications/ documents with relevant authorities concerned for information and record purposes. Contracts
 (viii)  All contracts, agreements including power purchase 
agreement(s), coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, letters of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/licence agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/ panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, whether written or otherwise, and other instruments to which the Transferor Company is a party, or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be entitled, and which are subsisting or having effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, continue in full force and effect against or in favour of, as the case may be, the Transferee Company, and may be enforced effectively by or against the Transferee Company as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligor or obligee thereto or thereunder. The Transferee Company will, if required, enter into novation agreements in relation to such contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements and other instruments.
 Legal Proceedings
 (xi) All legal pr oceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral 
and other administrative proceedings, of whatsoever nature by or against the Transferor Company pending on the Effective Date shall not abate or be discontinued or be prejudicially affected in any way by reason of the Scheme or by anything contained in the Scheme but shall be continued, prosecuted and enforced, as the case may be, by or against the Transferee Company, in the same manner and to the same extent as they would or might have been continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferor Company. The Transferee Company undertakes to have all legal or other proceedings specified in this Clause, initiated by or against the Transferor Company, transferred to its name and to have such proceedings continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferee Company, as the case may be. Following the Effective Date, the Transferee Company may initiate any legal proceeding for and on behalf of the Transferor Company.
 Employees
 (x) With effect fr om the Effective Date, all the staff and 
employees of the Transferor Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Transferee Company, and, subject to the provisions adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
25of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less 
favourable than those on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company. With regard to provident fund, gratuity, superannuation, leave encashment and any other special scheme or benefits or fund or trusts, if any, created by the Transferor Company which exist immediately prior to the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for the Transferor Company for all purposes whatsoever, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, including with regard to the obligation to make contributions to relevant authorities, such as the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner or to such other funds maintained by the Transferor Company, in accordance with applicable Law. It is hereby clarified that upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, such benefits and schemes shall continue to be provided to the transferred employees and the service of all transferred employees of the Transferor Company for such purpose shall be treated as having been continuous.
 Intellectual Property
 (xi)  All Intellectual Property Rights of the Transferor 
Company shall stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company.
 Inter se Transactions
 (xii)  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with 
effect from the Appointed Date, all inter-se contracts and inter-corporate deposits, loans, advances including the issuance and allotment of 8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares issued by the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company and other obligations (including any guarantees, letters of credit, letters of comfort or any other instrument or arrangement which may give rise to a contingent liability in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any time in future become due between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, shall, ipso facto, stand discharged and cancelled, cease to operate and come to an end and there shall be no liability in that behalf on any party and appropriate effect shall be given to such cancellation and cessation in the books of accounts and records of the Transferee Company. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that in view of the above, there will be no accrual of income or expense on account of any transactions, including inter-alia any transactions in the nature of sale or transfer of any goods, materials or services, between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that with effect from the Effective Date, there will be no accrual of interest or other charges in respect of any inter se loans, 8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares, deposits or balances between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. Taxes
 (xiii) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all Taxes payable by, or refundable to, the Transferor Company, including any refunds, claims or credits (including credits for income Tax, withholding Tax, advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, minimum alternate Tax, central value added Tax credit, goods and services Tax credits, other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables) shall be treated as the Tax liability, refunds, claims, or credits, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company, and any  
Tax incentives, benefits (including claims for unabsorbed Tax losses and unabsorbed Tax depreciation), advantages, privileges, exemptions, credits, Tax holidays, remissions or reductions, which would have been available to the Transferor Company, shall be available to the Transferee Company, and following the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to initiate, raise, add or modify any claims in relation to such Taxes on behalf of the Transferor Company.
 Creditors
 (xiv) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, the secured creditors of the Transferor Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor Company, if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company, as existing immediately prior to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company and the secured creditors of the Transferee Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferee Company, if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee Company, as existing immediately prior to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company. It is hereby clarified that pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company, (a) the secured creditors of the Transferor Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor Company, if any, shall not be entitled to any additional security over the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee Company and therefore, such assets which are not currently encumbered shall remain free and available for creation of any security thereon in future in relation to any current or future indebtedness of the Transferee Company; and (b) the secured creditors of the Transferee Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferee Company, if any, shall not be entitled to any additional security over the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company and therefore, such assets which are not currently encumbered shall remain free and available for creation of any security thereon in future in relation to any current or future indebtedness of the Transferee Company.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
26
Ambuja Cements Limited2.3 Consideration
2.3.1  Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and in consideration of the transfer and 
vesting of the Undertaking in the Transferee Company:
 (i) The equity shares of the Transferor Company 
and held by the Transferee Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished and in lieu thereof, there shall be no allotment of any equity shares in the  
Transferee Company; and
 (ii) The Transferee Company shall, without any further 
application, act or deed, issue and allot to the equity shareholder(s) of the Transferor Company (other than the equity shareholder mentioned in sub-clause (i) above) whose names are recorded in the register of members as a member of the Transferor Company on the Record Date, 12 (Twelve) Transferee Company Shares, credited as fully paid-up, for every 100 (One Hundred) equity shares of the face value of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten 
only) each fully paid-up held by such equity shareholder in the Transferor Company (“ Share Exchange Ratio”). 
The Transferee Company Shares to be issued by the Transferee Company to the shareholders of Transferor Company in accordance with this Clause 2.3.1 (ii) shall be hereinafter referred to as “New Equity Shares”.
2.3.2  The New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company allotted and 
issued in terms of Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above, shall be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Stock Exchanges, where the equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed and/or admitted to trading as on the Effective Date. The New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company shall, however, be listed subject to the Transferee Company obtaining the requisite approvals from all the relevant Governmental Authorities pertaining to the listing of the New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company. The Transferee Company shall enter into such arrangements and give such confirmations and/or undertakings as may be necessary in accordance with applicable Law for complying with the formalities of the Stock Exchanges.
2.3.3  For the purposes of allotment of the New Equity Shares, pursuant 
to this Scheme, in case any Transferor Company’s shareholder becomes entitled to any fractional shares, entitlements or credit on the issue and allotment of the New Equity Shares by the Transferee Company in accordance with Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above, the Transferee Company shall not issue fractional shares to such equity shareholder and shall consolidate all such fractional entitlements and round up the aggregate of such fractions to the next whole number and shall, without any further application, act, instrument or deed, issue and allot such consolidated equity shares directly to an individual trust or a board of trustees or a corporate trustee nominated by the Transferee Company (“Trustee”), who shall hold such New Equity Shares with all additions or accretions thereto in trust for the benefit of the respective equity shareholders, to whom they belong and their respective heirs, executors, administrators or successors for the specific purpose of selling such equity shares in the market at such price or prices at any time within a period of 90 (ninety) days from the date of allotment, and on such sale, distribute the net sale proceeds (after deduction of the expenses incurred and applicable income Tax) to the respective equity shareholders in the same proportion of their fractional entitlements. Any fractional entitlements from such net proceeds shall be rounded off to the next Rupee. It is clarified that any such distribution shall take place only on the sale of all the fractional shares of the Transferee Company by the Trustee pertaining to the fractional entitlements.
2.3.4  The New Equity Shares issued by the Transferee Company 
pursuant to Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above, shall be issued to the equity shareholders in demat form. The equity shareholders who hold equity shares in physical form should provide the requisite details relating to his/her/its account with a depository participant or other confirmations as may be required, to the Transferee Company to enable it to issue the New Equity Shares. In case of equity shareholders for whom such details are not available with the Transferor Company and in case of the equity shareholders who hold equity shares in physical form, the Transferee Company shall deal with the issuance of the relevant New Equity Shares in such manner as may be permissible under the applicable Law, including by way of issuing the said New Equity Shares in dematerialised form to a demat account held by a trustee nominated by the Board of the Transferee Company or into an escrow account opened by the Transferee Company or an escrow agent nominated by it, with a depository, as determined by the Board of the Transferee Company, where such New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company shall be held for the benefit of such equity shareholders (or to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives or other successors in title). The New Equity Shares so held in such trustee’s account or escrow account, as the case may be, shall be transferred to the respective equity shareholders once such equity shareholder provides details of his/her/its demat account to the Transferee Company, along with such documents as may be required by the Transferee Company. The respective equity shareholders shall have all the rights of the shareholders of the Transferee Company, including the right to receive dividend, voting rights and other corporate benefits, pending such transfer of the said New Equity Shares from the said trustee’s account or the escrow account, as the case may be. All costs and expenses incurred in this respect shall be borne by Transferee Company.
2.3.5  The New Equity Shares to be issued by the Transferee 
Company pursuant to Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above in respect of such equity shares of the Transferor Company as are subject to  
lock-in pursuant to applicable Law, if applicable, shall remain locked-in as required under the applicable Law.
2.3.6  The New Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall 
remain frozen in the depositories system until listing/trading permission is given by the Stock Exchanges.
2.4 Accounting Treatment
 Accounting Treatment in the books of the Transferee 
Company
 Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Scheme, the 
Transferee Company shall account for the amalgamation of adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
27the Transferor Company in its books of accounts in accordance 
with Pooling of Interest Method of accounting as laid down in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) 103 (Business Combinations of entities under common control) notified under Section 133 of the Act, under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be amended from time to time, and the date of such accounting treatment would be in accordance with the applicable Ind AS.
2.4.1  The Transferee Company shall record the assets and liabilities, 
if any, of the Transferor Company vested in it pursuant to this 
Scheme, at the carrying values as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Transferee Company.
2.4.2  The identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company shall be 
preserved and the Transferee Company shall record the reserves of the Transferor Company in the same form and at the carrying amount as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of Transferee Company.
2.4.3  Pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with 
the Transferee Company, the inter-company balances between the Transferee Company and the Transferor Company, if any, appearing in the books of the Transferee Company shall stand cancelled and there shall be no further obligation in that behalf.
2.4.4  The value of investments held by the Transferee Company 
in the Transferor Company shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation.
2.4.5  The consideration issued by the Transferee Company to the 
equity shareholders of the Transferor Company, as prescribed in clause 2.3 of this Scheme, shall be recognised at nominal /face value and credited to the Equity Share Capital.
2.4.6  The surplus, if any arising after taking the effect of clause 
2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.4 and 2.4.5, after giving effect to adjustment of clause 2.4.3 shall be transferred to Capital Reserve in the financial statements of the Transferee Company and should be presented separately from other Capital Reserves with disclosure of its nature and purpose in the notes. The deficit, if any, arising after taking the effect of clauses 2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.4 and 2.4.5, after giving effect to adjustment of clause 2.4.3 shall be transferred to Retained Earnings in the financial statements of the Transferee Company.
2.4.7  In case of any differences in accounting policies between 
the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, the accounting policies followed by the Transferee Company shall prevail to ensure that the financial statements reflect the financial position based on consistent accounting policies.
2.4.8  Comparative financial information in the standalone financial 
statements of the Transferee Company shall be restated for the accounting impact of merger, as stated above, as if the merger had occurred from the beginning of the comparative  
period presented.
2.4.9  For accounting purposes, the Scheme will be given effect when 
all substantial conditions for the transfer of the Transferor Company are completed.
2.4.10  Any matter not dealt with hereinabove shall be dealt with in 
accordance with the requirement of applicable Ind AS. Accounting Treatment in the books of the Transferor 
Company
2.4.11  As the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved without being 
wound up, upon the Scheme becoming effective, hence no accounting treatment is being prescribed under this Scheme in the books of the Transferor Company.
2.5 Dissolution of the Transferor Company
2.5.1  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferor 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up, without any further act or deed.
2.6 Reorganisation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Transferor Company
2.6.1  Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and as an integral part of the Scheme, the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company shall be reclassified/reorganised such that each equity share of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) of the Transferor Company shall stand reclassified/reorganised as 5 (Five) equity share of ` 2/- 
(Rupees Two only) each.
2.7 Consolidation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Transferor Company with the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company
2.7.1  Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized share capital of the Transferor Company as set out in Clause 2.6 above, the resultant authorized share capital of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company.  
The fees or stamp duty, if any, paid by the Transferor Company on its authorized share capital shall be deemed to have been so paid by the Transferee Company on the combined authorized share capital, and the Transferee Company shall not be required to pay any fee/stamp duty for the increase of the authorized share capital. The authorised share capital of the Transferee Company will automatically stand increased to that effect by simply filing the requisite forms with the RoC and no separate procedure or instrument or deed shall be required to be followed under the Act.
2.7.2  Clause V. of the memorandum of association of the  
Transferee Company (relating to the authorised share capital) shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, and without any further act, instrument or deed, be altered, modified and amended pursuant to sections 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
2.8 Reclassification of Persons from ‘Promoter and Promoter 
Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company
2.8.1  The Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/
Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification: (a) do not exercise control over the affairs of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company either directly or indirectly; (b) do not have any special rights with respect to the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company through any formal or informal arrangements including through any shareholder adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
28
Ambuja Cements Limitedagreements; (c) are not represented on the board of directors  
of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
including a nominee director; (d) do not act as a key managerial personnel in the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company; (e) have not been declared ‘wilful defaulter’ as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India; and (f) are not fugitive economic offenders. Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall also not hold more than 10% (ten percent) of the total voting rights in the Transferee Company. Accordingly, the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall satisfy the conditions set out in Regulation 31A(3)(b) of the SEBI LODR.
2.8.2  As an integral part of the Scheme and upon the coming into 
effect of this Scheme, the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall be reclassified from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws. As the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall be reclassified from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company as an integral part of the Scheme, it shall be deemed that the Transferee Company has complied with all approval requirements, as required under applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws for seeking the aforesaid reclassification.
2.8.3  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the shareholding 
of the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification in the Transferee Company shall be as set out in Schedule II.
2.8.4  On approval of the Scheme by the Board and the equity 
shareholders of each of the Companies pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other relevant provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the SEBI Schemes Master Circular and SEBI LODR, it shall be deemed that the Board and equity shareholders of the Transferee Company have accorded their consent for such reclassification under the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws, as may be applicable for effecting the aforesaid reclassification of the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company, and no further resolution or actions, including compliance with any procedural requirements, shall be required to be undertaken by the Transferee Company under the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws, as may be applicable. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferee Company shall, if required, file all necessary documents/intimations and make payment of any necessary fees as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR or any other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable Laws.
PART III
3. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.3.  Scheme conditional upon approvals/sanctions
 Unless otherwise decided (or w aived) by the Companies, the 
effectiveness of the Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to the fulfilment or waiver (to the extent permitted under applicable Law) of the following conditions precedent:
 (a) The requisite Stock Exchanges Approval having been 
obtained by the Companies in relation to the Scheme;
 (b) The Scheme being approved by the requisite majority of 
public shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company (by way of e-voting), respectively, as required under the SEBI Schemes Master Circular;
 (c) The Scheme being approved by the respective requisite 
majorities of the classes of members and creditors (where applicable) of the Companies in accordance with the Act or dispensation having been received from the Tribunal in relation to obtaining such approval from the shareholders and/or creditors or any Law permitting the respective Companies not to convene the meetings of its shareholders and/or creditors;
 (d) The Scheme being confirmed/approved by the 
Tribunal, either on terms as originally approved by the Companies, or subject to such modifications approved by the Tribunal, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Companies, each acting reasonably and in good faith; and
 (e) Certified copies of the confirmation orders of the Tribunal 
confirming/sanctioning the Scheme being filed with the RoC by the respective Companies. ”
Y ou are requested to read the entire text of the Scheme (enclosed at Annexure 1) to get fully acquainted with the provisions thereof. The aforesaid are only some of the salient extracts thereof.
Accounting treatment
43. The Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company have 
issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting 
treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.
44. The Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company have 
issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
29Effect of the Scheme on various parties
45. The effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Transferor Company, in terms of Rule 6 (3) (vi) and (vii) of 
the Rules would be as follows:
 (a) Shareholders (promoter and non-promoter)
  Upon the Scheme b ecoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company to the extent of equity shares held by it in the Transferor Company), shall become the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company in the manner as stipulated in clause 2.3 of the Scheme.
  Further , under the Scheme, the shareholding of the 
“Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters of the Transferor Company Seeking Reclassification” (as defined in the Scheme) shall be reclassified from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and other applicable regulations notified under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws.
  Further , under the Scheme, the resultant authorized 
share capital of the Transferor Company, shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company in the manner as stipulated in clause 2.7 of the Scheme.
  The 8% non-c onvertible cumulative redeemable 
preference shares issued by the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company shall stand discharged and cancelled and cease to operate and come to an end as stipulated under clause 2.1.2(xxix) of the Scheme.
  Thus , under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to 
be entered into between the Transferor Company and its equity shareholders and between the Transferor Company and its preference shareholder.
 (b) Creditors
  The Scheme do es not contemplate any arrangement with 
the creditors of the Transferor Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Transferor Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Transferor Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished. The interest of the creditors of the Transferor Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Further , as on date, the Transferor Company has no 
secured creditors and therefore, the question of any effect of the Scheme on any secured creditors does not arise.
  As on date , the Transferor Company has no outstanding 
debentures and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holders or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.  As on date , the Transferor Company has no outstanding 
public deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (c) Employe es, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  As stated in clause 2.1.2 (xxiii) of the S cheme and with 
effect from the Effective Date, all the staff and employees of the Transferor Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Transferee Company, and, subject to the provisions of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favorable than those on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company. In these circumstances, the rights of the staff and employees of the Transferor Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Upon the Scheme b ecoming effective, the Transferor 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up. In these circumstances, the directors of the Transferor Company shall cease to be the directors of the Transferor Company.
  None of the direct ors and key managerial personnel (as 
defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Transferor Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that two of the directors, namely, Mr. Ajay Kapur and Mr. Vinod Bahety, who are common director and key managerial personnel in the Transferee Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Transferor Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent. of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company.
46. The effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Transferee Company, in terms of Rule 6 (3) (vi) and (vii) of the Rules, would be as follows:
 (a) Shareholders (promoter and non-promoter)
  Upon the Scheme b ecoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company to the extent of equity shares held by it in the Transferor Company) shall become the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company in the manner stipulated in clause 2.3 of the Scheme.
  Further , 8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable 
preference shares issued by the Transferor Company and adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
30
Ambuja Cements Limitedheld by the Transferee Company shall stand discharged 
and cancelled and cease to operate and come to an end as stipulated under clause 2.1.2(xxix) of the Scheme.
  Further , under the Scheme, the shareholding of the 
“Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters of the Transferor Company Seeking Reclassification” (as defined in the Scheme) shall be reclassified from ‘Promoter and Promoter Group’ category to ‘Public’ category in the Transferee Company in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and other applicable regulations notified under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws.
  Further , under the Scheme, the resultant authorized 
share capital of the Transferor Company, shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company in the manner as stipulated in clause 2.7 of the Scheme.
  Thus , under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to be 
entered into between the Transferee Company and its equity shareholders.
 (b) Creditors
  The Scheme do es not contemplate any arrangement with 
the creditors of the Transferee Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Transferee Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Transferee Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished. The interest of the creditors of the Transferee Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Further , as on date, the Transferee Company has no 
secured creditors and therefore, the question of any effect of the Scheme on any secured creditors does not arise.
  As on date , the Transferee Company has no outstanding 
debentures and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holders or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.
  As on date , the Transferee Company has no outstanding 
public deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (c) Employe es, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  Under the Scheme, no rights of the sta ff and employees of 
the Transferee Company are being affected. The services of the staff and employees of the Transferee Company shall continue on the same terms and conditions on which they were engaged by the Transferee Company.
  None of the direct ors and key managerial personnel (as 
defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Transferee Company and their respective 
relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that two of the directors/key managerial personnel, namely, Mr. Ajay Kapur and Mr. Vinod Bahety, are the common directors in the Transferor Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Transferee Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent. of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company.
47. In compliance with the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of 
the Act, the Board of Directors of the Companies, in their respective meetings, both held on December 17, 2024, have adopted a report, inter alia, explaining the effect of the 
Scheme on its shareholders, creditors and key managerial personnel, amongst others. Copy of the Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company are enclosed as Annexure 18 
and Annexure 19, respectively.
Other matters
48. No investiga tion proceedings have been instituted or are 
pending in relation to the Companies under Chapter XIV of the Companies Act or the corresponding provisions of Sections 235 to 251 of the Companies Act, 1956.
49. To the knowledge of the respective Companies, no winding 
up proceedings have been filed or are pending against any of the Companies under the Companies Act or under the corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956.
50. No proceedings ar e pending under the Companies Act or 
under the corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 against any of the Companies.
51. To the knowledge of the respective Companies, no 
insolvency proceedings have been filed or are pending against any of the Companies under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
52. There is no capital restructuring or debt restructuring being 
undertaken pursuant to this Scheme.
53. The joint Company Application, being C.A. (CAA)/49 (AHM) 
2025 along with annexures thereto (which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company with the NCLT, on September 10, 2025. The hard copy whereof was filed with the NCLT on September 11, 2025.
54. The copy of the proposed Scheme has been filed by the 
respective Companies before the concerned Registrar of Companies, on September 26, 2025, and on October 10, 
2025, in Form GNL-1.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
3155. The unaudited financial results of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company for the quarter ended  
June 30, 2025, are enclosed as Annexure 20 and Annexure 21, respectively.
56. The documents submitted under the application made by the Transferee Company with NSE and BSE, respectively, under SEBI 
Schemes Master Circular, will be available on the website of the Transferee Company at https://www.ambujacement.com/investors/
scheme-of-arrangement-amalgamation, which would be deemed to have been incorporated in the present explanatory statement.
57. As per the books of accounts of (as on June 30, 2025) the Transferor Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is  
` 3,289.29 crore.
58. As per the books of accounts of (as on June 30, 2025) the Transferee Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is  
` 8,616.57 crore.
59. The name and address of the promoter of the Transferor Company, including its shareholding in the Transferor Company as on  
June 30, 2025, is as under:
Sr. 
No.Name and Address of the Promoters No. of Shares held in 
the Transferor Company% of holding
1 Ambuja Cements Limited
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 42115,00,45,102 58.08
2 SZF Private Limited
Sanghi Nagar, Sanghi Nagar P O Hayath Nagar Mandal, Sanghinagar, 
Telangana - 50151168,84,000 2.66
3 Sanghi Threads Private Limited
4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009517,54,000 0.68
4 Sanghi Filaments Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009522,87,500 0.89
5 Sanghi Poly Zips Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009514,82,500 0.57
6 Sanghi Synthetics Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009516,75,000 0.65
7 Alpha Zippers Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009516,75,000 0.65
8 Fancy Zippers Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009514,68,750 0.57
9 Balaji Zippers Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009527,75,000 1.07
10 S K K Zippers Private Limited4-3-352, Bank Street, Hyderabad, 50009535,75,000 1.38
11 Maruthi Fastners Private LimitedSanghi Nagar, Sanghi Nagar P O Hayath Nagar Mandal, Sanghinagar, 
Telangana - 50151114,68,750 0.57
12 Shri Ram Sharan Sanghi
P .O. Sanghi Nagar, Hayatnagar Mandal, R R Dist, 
Hyderabad - 5015111,87,000 0.07
13 Shri Ravi Sanghi
6-124/31, Sanghi Nagar, Sanghi Nagar Temple, Sanghi Nagar, Omar Khan 
Daira, Rangareddi, Andhra Pradesh -50151124,12,800 0.93
14 Shri Gireesh Kumar Sanghi
H No: 1-143/1-144 Umarkhan Daira, Nr Sanghi Temple Sanghi Nagar, Daira 
Hayathnagar R R Dist, Hyderabad - 50151113,42,478 0.52
15 Smt. Kamala Rani Sanghi
P .O. Sanghi Nagar, Hayatnagar Mandal, R R Dist, Hyderabad - 5015111,40,250 0.05adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
32
Ambuja Cements LimitedSr. 
No.Name and Address of the Promoters No. of Shares held in 
the Transferor Company% of holding
16 Smt. Alka Sanghi
H No: 1-143/1-144 Umarkhan Daira, Nr Sanghi Temple Sanghi Nagar, Daira 
Hayathnagar R R Dist, Hyderabad - 50151110,74,150 0.42
17 Ms. Aarti Sanghi
P .O. Sanghi Nagar, Hayatnagar Mandal, R R Dist, 
Hyderabad – 5015113,43,750 0.13
18 Shri Gireesh Sanghi HUF
C/O. Sanghi Textiles, Hyderabad - 5000950 0.00
19 Shri Ashish SanghiH No: 1-143/1-144 Umarkhan Daira, Nr Sanghi Temple Sanghi Nagar, Daira 
Hayathnagar R R Dist, Hyderabad - 50151126,39,710 1.02
20 Shri Gaurav Sanghi
H No 1-143/1-144, Omerkhan Daira, Sanghinagar, Koheda, Hayathnagar - 
50003626,47,300 1.02
21 Flarezeal Solutions LLP
901 K, 9
th Floor, Kataria Arcade, Off S. G. Highway, Post Makarba, Jivraj Park, 
Ahmedabad City - 3800510 0.00
22 Thinkfar Tradelink Private Limited901 K, 9
th Floor, Kataria Arcade, Off S. G. Highway, Post Makarba, Jivraj Park, 
Ahmedabad City - 3800510 0.00
23 Sanghi Polymers Private LimitedSanghinagar P O Hayatnagar Mandal R R District, 
Telangana - 5015110 0.00
24 Samruddhi Investors Services Private Limited
1001-1002, 10
th Floor, Kataria Arcade, Nr. Adani Vidhya Mandir, Makarba, 
Ahmadabad City – 3800510 0.00
25 Smt. Anita Sanghi1-144 Omar Khan Daira, Sanghi Nagar Hayathnagar, Sanghi Nagar, 
Rangareddi, Andhra Pradesh – 5015110 0.00
26 Ms. Ekta SanghiK-30 B, Hauz Khas Enclave, Hauz Khas S.O. South West Delhi, Delhi – 1100160 0.00
27 Shri Aditya SanghiDirectors Banglow, AT-Sanghipuram, TAL-Abdasa, Kutch 3705110 0.00
28 Shri Alok Sanghi01, Sanghi House, Gheljipura Road, Behind Saket 1 Makarba, Bopal,  
Bopal Daskroi, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 3800580 0
Total Promoter Group 19,37,44,040 75.00
60. The name and address of the promoters of the Transferee Company, including their shareholding in the Transferee Company as on 
June 30, 2025, are as under:
Sr. 
No.Name and Address of the Promoters No. of Shares held in the 
Transferee Company% of holding
1 Holderind Investments Ltd
6th Floor, Tower I, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius118,52,00,361 48.14
2 Harmonia Trade and Investment Ltd6
th Floor, Tower I, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius47,74,78,249 19.40
3 Endeavour Trade and Investment Ltd6
th Floor, Tower 1, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius7,02,442 0.03
Total Promoter Group 166,33,81,052 67.57adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
3361. The names, designations, addresses and Director Identification Number (“ DIN”) of the directors of the Transferor Company as on 
June 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name and Designation Address DIN
1 Mr. Ajay Kapur, Chairman
Non-executive, Non-Independent DirectorNo. 2 Southlands, S. B. Singh Road, Colaba, Mumbai - 
40000503096416
2 Mr. Vinod Bahety
Non-executive, Non-Independent DirectorB1/1201, Water Lily Apartments, Adani Shantigram, Adalaj, 
Gandhinagar - 38242109192400
3 Mr. Sukuru Ramarao
Wholetime Director & Chief Executive OfficerC4/702, Water Lily Apartments, Adani Shantigram, Adalaj, 
Gandhinagar - 38242108846591
4 Mrs. Shruti Anup Shah
Non-Executive, Independent Director7/8, Jal Kiran Co-Op HSG Soc Limited, 2nd Floor, Cuffe 
Parade, Mumbai – 40000508337714
5 Mr. Ravi KapoorNon-Executive, Independent Director202, Pravesh Apartment, 10 Mahadevnagar Society, Sardar 
Patel Stadium Road, Ahmedabad – 38001400003847
6 Mr. Sudhir Nanavati
Non-Executive, Independent DirectorShri Sharnam, 16 A - B, Ashok Vatika, 
Ambli Bopal Road, Ahmedabad – 380 05800050236
62. The names, designations, addresses and DIN of the directors of the Transferee Company as on June 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name and Designation Address DIN
1 Mr. Gautam S. Adani, Chairman
Non-Executive, Non – Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar 
Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad - 38005800006273
2 Mr. Karan Adani
Non-Executive, Non – Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar 
Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad – 38005803088095
3 Mr. Ajay Kapur
Managing DirectorNo. 2 Southlands, S. B. Singh Road, Colaba, Mumbai - 
40000503096416
4 Mr. Vinod Bahety
Wholetime Director & Chief Executive OfficerB1/1201, Water Lily Apartments, Adani Shantigram, Adalaj, 
Gandhinagar - 38242109192400
5 Mr. Maheswar Sahu
Non-Executive, Independent DirectorA/302, Parijat Residency, Opp. IOS Petrol Pump, Judges 
Bunglow, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad – 38005400034051
6 Mr. Rajnish Kumar
Non-Executive, Independent DirectorF 202, Ambience Caitriona, Sector 24, Gurgaon, Haryana 05328267
7 Mr. Ameet DesaiNon-Executive, Independent DirectorD-48 Aryaman Bungalow, Near Thaltej Shilaj Railway 
Crossing, Thaltej, Ahmedbad, Gujarat -38005900007116
8 Mrs. Purvi Sheth,
Non-Executive, Independent Director3801, Floor -38, A-2 Tower, Sky Forest, Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Near Elphinstone Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai, PO: Delisle Road, Mumbai – 40001306449636
9 Mr. Mangalam Ramasubramaniam Kumar,
Non-Executive, Non Independent 
(Nominee Director - LIC) (ceased w.e.f. September 15, 2025)Flat No. 5, Queens Court, Maharshi Karve Road, Opposite Oval Maidan, Churchgate, Mumbai - 40002003628755
10 Mr. Praveen Garg
Non-Executive, Independent DirectorN-28, First Floor, Greater Kailash - I South Delhi, Delhi 
11004800208604adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
34
Ambuja Cements Limited63. The details of the shareholding of the Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel (hereinafter referred to as the “ KMP”) of the 
Transferor Company in the Companies as on June 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Equity Shares Held in 
Transferor CompanyEquity Shares Held in 
Transferee Company
1 Mr. Ajay Kapur Chairman, Non-executive, Non-Independent 
Director- 5,64,900
2 Mr. Vinod Bahety Non-executive, Non-Independent Director - -
3 Mr. Sukuru Ramarao Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer - -
4 Mrs. Shruti Anup Shah Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
5 Mr. Ravi Kapoor Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
6 Mr. Sudhir Nanavati Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
7 Mr. Sanjay Khajanchi Chief Financial Officer - -
8 Ms. Pranjali Dubey Company Secretary - -
64. The details of the shareholding of the Directors and KMP of the Transferee Company in the Companies as on June 30, 2025,  
are as follows:
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Equity Shares Held in 
Transferor CompanyEquity Shares Held in 
Transferee Company
1 Mr. Gautam S. Adani Chairman 
Non-Executive, Non Independent Director- -
2 Mr. Karan Adani Non-Executive, Non Independent Director - -
3 Mr. Ajay Kapur Managing Director - 5,64,900
4 Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer - -
5 Mr. Maheswar Sahu Non-Executive, Independent Director - 2,000
6 Mr. Rajnish Kumar Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
7 Mr. Ameet Desai Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
8 Mrs. Purvi Sheth Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
9 Mr. Mangalam Ramasubramaniam KumarNon-Executive – Non Independent (Nominee Director- LIC) (ceased w.e.f. September 15, 2025)- -
10 Mr. Praveen Garg Non-Executive, Independent Director - -
11 Mr. Rakesh Tiwary Chief Financial Officer - 200
12 Mr. Manish Mistry Company Secretary - -
65. The (a) pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern of the Companies as on as on June 30, 2025; (b) the post-amalgamation 
shareholding pattern upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on June 30, 
2025; and (c) capital structure of the Transferee Company upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on as on June 30, 2025, are as under:
 Transferor Company - pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2025:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 19,37,44,040 0 19,37,44,040 75.00
Sub Total (A) (1) 19,37,44,040 0 19,37,44,040 75.00
2 Foreign 0 0 0 0
Sub Total (A) (2) 0 0 0 0
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) = (A) (1) + (A) (2)19,37,44,040 19,37,44,040 19,37,44,040 75.00adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
35Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 2,36,572 0 2,36,572 0.09
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 15,49,550 0 15,49,550 0.60
(c) Banks 0 0 0 0.00
(d) Insurance Companies 0 0 0 0.00
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 0 0 0 0.00
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 0 0 0 0.00
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 64,000 0 64,000 0.02
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 0 0 0
Sub-Total (B) (1) 18,50,122 0 18,50,122 0.72
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I 7,65,111 0 7,65,111 0.30
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – 
Category -II0 0 0 0.00
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 0 0 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (2) 7,65,111 0 7,65,111 0.30
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 0 0 0 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (3) 0 0 0 0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 0 0 0 0.00
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 0 0 0 0.00
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs2,91,15,614 0 2,91,15,614 11.27
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of `
 2 lakhs1,59,58,525 0 1,59,58,525 6.18
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 13,94,012 0 13,94,012 0.54
(f) Foreign Nationals 0 0 0 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 1,20,17,911 0 1,20,17,911 4.65
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives 0 0 0 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 0 0 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 4,747 0 4,747 0.00
(k) HUF 25,48,532 0 25,48,532 0.99
(l) LLP 9,27,386 0 9,27,386 0.36
(m) Trusts 0 0 0 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (4) 6,19,66,727 0 6,19,66,727 23.99
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding  (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)6,45,81,960 0 6,45,81,960 25.00
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 0 0 0 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders  (C) = C(1) + C (2)0 0 0 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 25,83,26,000 0 25,83,26,000 100.00
 Note:
 Certain shares held by the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Transferor Company are subject to “encumbrance” as defined under 
regulation 28(3) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
36
Ambuja Cements Limited Transferee Company - pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2025:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 0 0 0 0
Sub Total (A) (1) 0 0 0 0
2 Foreign 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.57
Sub Total (A) (2) 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.57
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter 
Group (A) = (A) (1) + (A) (2)1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.57
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 19,45,49,175 59,235 19,46,08,410 7.91
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 1,32,82,322 0 1,32,82,322 0.54
(c) Banks 70,805 8,808 79,613 0.00
(d) Insurance Companies 20,65,42,425 8,250 20,65,50,675 8.39
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 4,07,00,687 0 4,07,00,687 1.65
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.21
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 42,653 31,082 73,735 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 21,000 21,000 0
Sub-Total (B) (1) 46,03,41,596 1,28,375 46,04,69,971 18.70
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I17,19,24,368 0 17,19,24,368 6.98
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -II1,10,81,955 0 1,10,81,955 0.45
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 61,275 61,275 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (2) 18,30,06,323 61,275 18,30,67,598 7.44
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (3) 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 5,64,900 0 5,64,900 0.02
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 46,75,239 0 46,75,239 0.19
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs10,80,53,255 46,66,248 11,27,19,503 4.58
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs77,76,919 0 77,76,919 0.32
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 94,52,304 20,18,328 1,14,70,632 0.47
(f) Foreign Nationals 5,759 15,000 20,759 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 1,29,34,639 2,53,793 1,31,88,432 0.54
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives 2,000 0 2,000 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 37,814 0 37,814 0.00
(k) HUF 29,58,762 191 29,58,953 0.12
(l) LLP 13,19,526 0 13,19,526 0.05
(m) Trusts 53,404 0 53,404 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (4) 14,78,34,521 69,62,680 15,47,97,201 6.29
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding  (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)79,12,66,164 71,52,330 79,84,18,494 32.43
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders (C) = C(1) + C (2)13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 2,45,59,71,148 71,52,330 2,46,31,23,478 100.00adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
37 Transferee Company - post-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on June 30, 2025:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number of 
Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 0 0 0 0
Sub Total (A) (1) 0 0 0 0
2 Foreign 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.21
Sub Total (A) (2) 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.21
Total Shareholding of Promoter and 
Promoter Group (A) = (A) (1) + (A) (2)1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.21
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 19,45,77,564 59,235 19,46,36,799 7.86
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 1,34,68,268 0 1,34,68,268 0.54
(c) Banks 70,805 8,808 79,613 0.00
(d) Insurance Companies 20,65,42,425 8,250 20,65,50,675 8.35
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 4,07,00,687 0 4,07,00,687 1.64
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.21
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 50,333 31,082 81,415 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 21,000 21,000 0
Sub-Total (B) (1) 46,05,63,611 1,28,375 46,06,91,986 18.62
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I 17,20,16,181 0 17,20,16,181 6.95
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -II 1,10,81,955 0 1,10,81,955 0.45
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 61,275 61,275 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (2) 18,30,98,136 61,275 18,31,59,411 7.40
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (3) 83,724 0 83,724
0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 5,64,900 0 5,64,900 0.02
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)46,75,239 0 46,75,239 0.19
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs11,16,29,649 46,66,248 11,62,95,897 4.70
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs1,09,05,915 0 1,09,05,915 0.44
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 96,19,585 20,18,328 1,16,37,913 0.47
(f) Foreign Nationals 5,759 15,000 20,759 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 1,73,82,248 2,53,793 1,76,36,041 0.71
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives 0 0 0 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 42,561 0 42,561 0.00
(k) HUF 55,07,294 191 55,07,485 0.22
(l) LLP 22,46,912 0 22,46,912 0.09
(m) Trusts 53,404 0 53,404 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (4) 16,05,14,401 69,62,680 16,74,77,081 6.77
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding (B) = (B) (1) + (B) (2) +  (B) (3) + B (4)80,42,59,872 71,52,330 81,14,12,202 32.79adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
38
Ambuja Cements Limited Transferee Company - post capital structure upon 
the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the 
continuing capital structure as on June 30, 2025:
Particulars Amount 
(in `)
Authorised Share Capital
4176,75,00,000  equity shares of 
` 2/- each8353,50,00,000 
235,00,00,000 preference shares of ` 10/- each2350,00,00,000 
Total 10703,50,00,000 
Issued Share Capital
247,64,43,706* equity shares of ` 2/- 
each fully paid up495,28,87,412 
Total 495,28,87,412 
Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital
247,61,17,186 * equity shares of ` 2/- 
each fully paid up#495,22,34,372 
Total 495,22,34,372
 * The issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,23,932 
equity shares represented by 13,23,932 global depository 
receipts as on August 31, 2025.
 # The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, 
subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right shares which are kept in abeyance.
66. In the event that the Scheme is withdrawn in accordance 
with its terms, the Scheme shall stand revoked, cancelled and be of no effect and null and void.
67. The following documents will be available for inspection by 
the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting, basis email request being sent on investors.relation@adani.
com . Further, the following documents will also be open 
for inspection by the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company at its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India, between 10.30 a.m. and 12.30 pm on all working days from the date hereof up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting
:Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number of 
Shares%
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR 
Holders (C) = C (1) + C (2)13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
TOTAL =(A) + (B) + (C) 246,89,64,856 71,52,330 247,61,17,186 100.00
 Note:
 Certain shares held by the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Transferor Company are subject to “encumbrance” as defined under 
regulation 28(3) of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time (“SAST 
Regulations”). Post amalgamation, equity shares issued by the Transferee Company against such shares shall continue to remain under encumbrance as defined under the SAST Regulations.
 (i) Copy of the or ders passed by NCLT in C.A. (CAA)/49 
(AHM) 2025, dated September 25, 2025, and October 
9, 2025, inter alia, directing the Transferee Company to 
convene the meeting of its equity shareholders;
 (ii) Copy of C.A. ( CAA)/49 (AHM) 2025 (with annexures) 
jointly filed by the Companies before NCLT, along with the application dated September 29, 2025, filed on behalf of the Companies, for Speaking to Minutes, in respect of order dated September 25, 2025, in  
C.A. (CAA)/49 (AHM) 2025;
 (iii) Copy of the S cheme;
 (iv) Copy of the M emorandum and Articles of Association 
of the Companies;
 (v) Copy of the annual report of the Companies, for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025;
 (vi) Copy of the unaudit ed financial results of the 
Companies for the quarter ended June 30, 2025;
 (vii) Copy of the R egister of Directors’ shareholding in the 
respective Companies;
 (viii)  Copy of the valuation report, dated December 
17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited (Valuation Report 1);
 (ix) Copy of the fair ness opinion, dated December 17, 
2024, issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited (Fairness Opinion 1);
 (x) Copy of the valuation report, dated December 
17, 2024, issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of the Ambuja Cements Limited (Valuation Report 2);
 (xi) Copy of the fair ness opinion, dated December 17, 
2024, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker, to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Fairness Opinion 2);adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
39 (xii) Copy of the Summar y of the Valuation Report 1 
and Valuation Report 2, including the basis of such 
Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2 and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2;
 (xiii)  Copy of the r eport of the Audit Committee of Sanghi 
Industries Limited dated December 17, 2024;
 (xiv)  Copy of the r eport of the Committee of Independent 
Directors of Sanghi Industries Limited dated  
December 17, 2024;
 (xv) Copy of the r esolution passed by the Board of Directors 
of Sanghi Industries Limited dated December 17, 2024;
 (xvi)  Copy of the resolution passed by the Mergers and 
Acquisitions Committee of Ambuja Cements Limited dated December 17, 2024;
 (xvii)  Copy of the report of the Audit Committee of Ambuja 
Cements Limited dated December 17, 2024;
 (xviii)  Copy of the report of the Committee of Independent 
Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited dated December  
17, 2024;
 (xix)  Copy of the r esolution passed by the Board of Directors 
of Ambuja Cements Limited dated December 17, 2024;
 (xx) Copies of the Complain t Report dated March 25, 2025 
and updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by Sanghi Industries Limited to NSE and the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by Sanghi Industries Limited to BSE;
 (xxi)  Copies of the Complain t Report dated March 25, 2025 
and updated Complaint Report dated June 16, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to NSE and the Complaint Report dated March 6, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to BSE;
 (xxii)  Copy of no -objection/no adverse observation letters 
issued by NSE and BSE, both dated July 17, 2025, to the Companies;
 (xxiii)  Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Sanghi Industries Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2025;
 (xxiv)  Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited, its promoters and directors” as on June 30, 2025;
 (xxv)  Copy of the S tatutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 17, 2024, issued by S R B C & Co LLP , Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company under Section 133 of the Act;
 (xxvi)  Copy of the Statutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 17, 2024, issued by S R B C & Co LLP , Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company under Section 133 of the Act; (xxvii)  Copy of the report dated December 17, 2024, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act;
 (xxviii)  Copy of the report dated December 17, 2024, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act;
 (xxix)  Copies of Form No. GNL-1 filed by the respective 
Companies with the concerned Registrar of Companies, along with the challan, both dated September 26, 2025 and October 10, 2025;
 (xxx)  Copy of the c ertificate, dated September 8, 2025, 
issued by Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Transferor Company as on June 30, 2025; 
 (xxxi)  Copy of the certificate, dated September 8, 2025, 
issued by Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Transferee Company as on June 30, 2025; and
 (xxxii)  Details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (i) clause h) of the no-objection letter dated July 17, 2025, received from NSE; and (ii) clause 8. of the no adverse observation letter dated July 17, 2025, received from BSE Limited.
  The equity shar eholders shall be entitled to obtain the 
extracts from or for making or obtaining  the copies of the documents listed in item numbers (i), (iii), (v), (vi), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xx), (xxi), (xxii), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxvii), (xxviii) and (xxxii) above.
68. This statement may be treated as an Explanatory Statement 
under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Rules. Hard copies of the Particulars as defined in this Notice can be obtained free of charge within 1 (one) working day on a requisition being so made for the same by the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company at the registered office of the Transferee Company or at the office of its advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India.
69. After the Scheme is approved by the equity shareholders of 
the Transferee Company, it will be subject to the approval/sanction by NCLT or any other statutory or regulatory authorities as may be applicable.
Dated this October 10, 2025
Justice (Retd.) Kalpesh Jhaveri
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Registered office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, 
Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India.adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
Annexure 2
Annexure 1
40
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT 
between 
SANGHI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
(Transferor Company) 
and 
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED 
(Transferee Company) 
and 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS 
(UNDER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
PREAMBLE 
This Scheme (as defined hereinafter), inter alia, provides for: (i) the amalgamation of 
the Transferor Company (as defined hereinafter) with and into the Transferee Company 
(as defined hereinafter), with effect from the Appointed Date (as defined hereinafter), 
and the consequent dissolution of the Transferor Company without being wound up, and 
the issuance of New Equity Shares (as defined hereinafter) to the equity shareholders of 
the Transferor Company in accordance with the Share Exchange Ratio (as defined 
hereinafter), pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 -232 and/or other applicable 
provisions of the Act (as defined hereinafter) and in accordance with Section 2(1B) of 
the Income Tax Act (as defined hereinafter); and (ii) reclassification of 
Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters 
Seeking Reclassification (as defined hereinafter) from 'Promoter and Promoter Group' 
category to 'Public' category in the Transferee Company. 
INTRODUCTION 
(i) The Transferor Company (as defined hereinafter) was incorporated on June 14, 
1985, as Sanghi Leathers Private Limited, a private limited company, with the 
Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh, under the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 1956. Its name was changed to: (a) Sanghi Industries Private Limited on 
September 18, 1992; and (b) Sanghi Industries Limited on October 28, 1992. The adani 
Cement 
41adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
Corporate Identification Number of the Transferor Company is 
L18209TG 1985PLC005 581. The registered office of the Transferor Company is 
presently situated at P.O. Sanghinagar, Ranga Reddy District, Telangana- 501511. 
The Transferor Company has applied to the Regional Director, South East Region, 
Hyderabad, Telangana to shift its registered office from the State of Telangana to 
the State of Gujarat. The order from Regional Director is expected soon. Upon 
receiving it and completing necessary formalities with RoC/MCA, including filing 
of requisite forms, the Transferor Company will move its registered office to 
"Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad- 382 421, Gujarat, India." 
The Transferor Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling 
of cement and cement related products. 
The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company (as defined 
hereinafter). The Transferee Company as on September 30, 2024 was holding 
58.08% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The equity 
shares of the Transferor Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges (as defined 
hereinafter). 
(ii) The Transferee Company was incorporated on October 20, 1981, as Ambuja 
Cements Private Limited, a private limited company, with the Registrar of 
Companies, Gujarat, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name 
was changed to (a) Ambuja Cements Limited on March 19, 1983; (b) Gujarat 
Ambuja Cements Limited on May 19, 1983; and (c) Ambuja Cements Limited on 
April 5, 2007. The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferee Company is 
L26942GJ1981PLC004717. The registered office of the Transferee Company is 
situated at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. 
Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 382 421, India. 
The Transferee Company is among the leading cement companies in India, 
renowned for its hassle-free, home-building solutions with its unique sustainable 
development projects and environment-friendly practises since it started its 
operations. 
The Transferee Company is part of Adani Group of companies. The equity shares 
of the Transferee Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. The global 
depository receipts issued by the Transferee Company are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
By way of separate schemes of amalgamation, it is proposed (a) to merge Adani 
Cementation Limited ( a wholly owned subsidiary of Adani Enterprises Limited) 
with the Transferee Company (''Adani Cementation Merger Scheme"); and (b) 
to merge Penna Cement Industries Limited ( a subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company) with the Transferee Company ("Penna Cement Merger Scheme"). 
RA TI ON ALE FOR THE SCHEME 
1. The Transferee Company is the promoter of the Transferor Company and holds 
58.08% of the paid-up equity share capital and 100% of the 8% -non-convertible adani 
Cement 
42
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
cumulative redeemable preference shares of the Transferor Company. As both the 
companies are under the same line of business, this amalgamation will enable the 
Transferee Company to absorb the business of Transferor Company completely for 
carrying on more effectively and beneficially. 
2. The Scheme will enable the Transferee Company to integrate the Transferor 
Company's operations, leading to more efficient and economical business 
management. This includes better resource utilization, reduced overheads, cost 
savings, economies of scale, elimination of duplicated efforts, and streamlined 
compliance requirements through amalgamation. 
3. The amalgamation will enhance business potential of the Transferor Company, add 
value to both the companies, and ultimately increase the shareholders' value. 
4. The amalgamation will lead to reduction and rationalisation of multiple entities in 
the group. 
5. The Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification, would: (a) not hold more than ten percent of 
the total voting rights in the Transferee Company; (b) do not exercise control over 
the affairs of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company either directly 
or indirectly; ( c) do not have any special rights with respect to the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company through any formal or informal 
arrangements including through any shareholder agreements; ( d) do not represent 
on the board of directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
including a nominee director; ( e) do not act as a key managerial personnel in the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. Further, the Promoters/Persons 
belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking 
Reclassification, (a) have not been declared 'wilful defaulter' as per the guidelines 
issued by the Reserve Bank of India; and (b) are not fugitive economic offenders. 
Accordingly, reclassification of the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter 
Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification of the Transferor 
Company from 'Promoter and Promoter Group' category to 'Public' category in 
the Transferee Company has been contemplated upon the coming into effect of this 
Scheme, in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 3 lA of the SEBI 
LODR (as defined hereinafter). 
PARTS OF THE SCHEME 
The Scheme is divided into the following parts: 
(i) Part I deals with the definitions, interpretation, date of taking effect and share 
capital of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company; 
(ii) Part II, inter alia, deals with the amalgamation of the Transferor Company into 
and with the Transferee Company in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
230 -232 of the Act; and adani 
Cement 
43adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
(iii) Part III deals with the general terms and conditions that would be applicable to 
the Scheme. 
PARTI 
1. DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION, DATE OF TAKING EFFECT AND 
SHARE CAPITAL 
1.1. Definitions 
1.1.1. 
1.1.2. 
1.1.3. 
1.1.4. 
1.1.5. 
1.1.6. 
1.1.7. 
1.1.8. In this Scheme, the following words and expressions shall, unless the context 
requires otherwise, have the following meanings ascribed to them: 
"Act" means the Companies Act, 2013, the rules and regulations made thereunder 
and shall include any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force. 
"Adani Cementation Merger Scheme" shall have the meaning as set forth in the 
Introduction Clause. 
"Appointed Date" means April 1, 2024. 
"Board of Directors" or "Board" in relation to the Companies means their 
respective board of directors, and unless it is repugnant to the context or otherwise, 
includes any committee of directors or any person authorised by the board of 
directors or by such committee of directors duly constituted and authorised for the 
purposes of matters pertaining to the arrangement as contemplated under this 
Scheme and/or any other matters relating thereto. 
"Companies" means collectively, the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company. 
"Effective Date" means the last of the dates on which all the approvals or events 
specified under Clause 3.3 of the Scheme are obtained or have occurred or the 
requirement of which have been waived. References in this Scheme to "upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme" or "upon this Scheme becoming effective" or 
"effectiveness of this Scheme" or "Scheme coming into effect" shall mean the 
Effective Date. 
"Governmental Approval" means any consent, approval, licence, permit, order, 
exemption, certificate, clearance or authorisation obtained or to be obtained from, 
or any registration, notification, declaration or filing made to or with, or to be made 
to or with, any Governmental Authority and shall include Required Governmental 
Filings. 
"Governmental Authority" means any national, state, regional, city, municipal or 
local government or governmental, administrative, fiscal, judicial, or government­
owned body or any of its ministries, departments, secretariats, agencies or any 
legislative body, commission, authority, court or tribunal or entity, and shall adani 
Cement 
44
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
1.1.9. 
1.1.10. 
1.1.11. 
1.1.12. 
1.1.13. 
1.1.14. 
1.1.15. 
1.1.16. 
1.1.17. include the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and any relevant Tax authority and any other 
authority exercising jurisdiction over the Companies. 
"Income Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act, 1961, including any statutory 
modifications, re-enactments or amendments thereof for the time being in force. 
"Intellectual Property Rights" means all intellectual property rights, including 
with respect to all patents, patent applications, and trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, logos, corporate names, brand names, domain names, all copyrights, 
designs, and all registrations, applications and renewals in connection therewith, 
and software and all website content (including text, graphics, images, audio, video 
and data), trade secrets, confidential business information and other proprietary 
information. 
"Law" means all applicable (i) statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or 
parliament, laws, ordinances, code, directives, rules, regulations, bye-laws, listing 
agreements, notifications, guidelines or policies of any applicable jurisdiction; (ii) 
administrative interpretation, writ, injunction, directions, directives, judgment, 
arbitral award, decree, orders or approvals required from Governmental Authorities 
of, or agreements with, any Governmental Authority or recognised Stock 
Exchanges; and (iii) international treaties, conventions and protocols, as may be in 
force from time to time. 
"New Equity Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.1 (ii). 
"Penna Cement Merger Scheme" shall have the meaning as set forth in the 
Introduction Clause. 
"Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification" means the persons, more specifically set out 
in Schedule I. 
"Record Date" means the date to be fixed by the Board of Directors of the 
Transferee Company in consultation with the Board of Directors of the Transferor 
Company for the purpose of determining the equity shareholders of the Transferor 
Company, to whom the Transferee Company Shares will be allotted pursuant to 
this Scheme. 
"Required Governmental Filings" means, collectively, the intimations/filings 
required to be made with the Stock Exchanges, Tribunal and the RoC, in connection 
with the present Scheme. 
"RoC" means the (i) Registrar of Companies, Telangana, having territorial 
jurisdiction in the State in which the registered office of the Transferor Company 
is presently located and upon the shifting of the registered office of the Transferor 
Company from the State of Telangana to the State of Gujarat pursuant to the order 
to be passed by the Regional Director, South East Region, Hyderabad, Telangana, 
the same shall mean the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat; and (ii) Registrar of 
Companies, Gujarat for the Transferee Company. adani 
Cement 
45adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
1.1.18. 
1.1.19. 
1.1.20. 
1.1.21. 
1.1.22. 
1.1.23. 
1.1.24. 
1.1.25. 
1.1.26. 
1.1.27. 
1.1.28. "Scheme" means this scheme of amalgamation, subject to any modification(s) 
thereto as may be imposed by the Tribunal or any modification(s) or amendment 
sought by the Companies, as confirmed/approved by the Tribunal. 
"SEBI" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
"SEBI Act" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992. 
"SEBI ICDR Regulations" means the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time. 
"SEBI LODR" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and shall include 
any statutory modification, amendment, and re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force or any act, regulations, rules, guidelines etc. that replaces such 
regulations. 
"SEBI Schemes Master Circular" means Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, issued by SEBI 
regarding Scheme of Arrangement by Listed Entities and Relaxation of Sub-rule 
(7) of rule 19 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957. 
"Share Exchange Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3 .1 (ii). 
"Stock Exchanges" means collectively the BSE Limited and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited. 
"Stock Exchanges Approval" means the no-objection/no-adverse observation 
letter(s) obtained by the Companies from the relevant Stock Exchanges in relation 
to the Scheme pursuant to Regulation 3 7 of the SEBI LODR and the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular. 
"Tax" or "Taxes" means any and all taxes ( direct or indirect), surcharges, fees, 
levies, duties, tariffs, imposts and other charges of any kind, in each case in the 
nature of a tax, imposed by any Governmental Authority (whether payable directly 
or by withholding), including taxes based upon or measured by income, windfall 
or other profits, gross receipts, property, sales, severance, branch profits, customs 
duties, excise, central value added tax, central sales tax, sales tax, entry tax, tax 
deducted at source, tax collected at source, self-assessment tax, advance tax, 
service tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, transfer tax, value-added tax, 
minimum alternate tax, banking cash transaction tax, equalisation levy, dividend 
distribution tax, buy-back tax, securities transaction tax, taxes withheld or paid, 
customs duty and registration fees (together with any and all interest, penalties, 
additions to tax and additional amounts imposed with respect thereto). 
"Transferee Company" means Ambuja Cements Limited, a public company 
incorporated with limited liability under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, with its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near adani 
Cement 
46
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
1.1.29. 
1.1.30. 
1.1.31. 
1.1.32. Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad -382 421, Gujarat, 
India. 
"Transferee Company Shares" means the fully paid-up equity shares of the 
Transferee Company, each having a face value of Rs 2/-(Rupees Two only) and 
having one vote per equity share. 
"Transferor Company" means Sanghi Industries Limited, a public company 
incorporated with limited liability under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, with its registered office situated at P.O. Sanghinagar, Ranga Reddy District, 
Telangana-501511, and upon the shifting of the registered office of the Transferor 
Company from the State of Telangana to the State of Gujarat, pursuant to the order 
to be passed by the Regional Director, South East Region, Hyderabad, Telangana, 
the registered office of the Transferor Company would be situated at Adani 
Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad- 382 421, Gujarat, India. 
"Tribunal" means the relevant bench/es of the Hon'ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, or such other forum or authority as may be vested with any of the powers 
of the above mentioned tribunal under the Act for approving any scheme of 
arrangement, compromise or reconstruction of a company under Sections 230 to 
232 of the Act, before which the confirmation petition/sin terms of Rule 15 of the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 is/are 
filed by the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company, as the case may 
be. 
"Undertaking" means the Transferor Company and includes all the business, 
undertakings, assets, properties, investments, rights, approvals, licenses and 
powers, leasehold rights and all its debts, outstanding, liabilities, duties and 
obligations of the Transferor Company, of whatsoever nature and kind and 
wherever situated, on a going concern basis and with continuity of business of the 
Transferor Company, which shall mean and include, without limitation: 
(a) any and all of its immovable properties (including work in progress) and 
rights thereto i.e. land together with the buildings and structures standing 
thereon (whether, freehold, leasehold, leave and licensed, right of way, 
tenancies, sanctioned/allotted by the Governmental Authority or otherwise) 
including drains and culverts, civil works, foundations for civil works, 
offices, guest house, colony, captive power plant, warehouses, workshops, 
sheds, stores, storages including coal storage, silo, DG room, roads, 
laboratory, boundary walls, jetty, soil filling works, benefits of any rental 
agreement for any use of premises, share of any joint assets, etc., and all 
documents (including panchnamas, declarations, receipts, sanction 
letters/orders, etc.) of title, rights and easements in relation thereto and all 
rights, covenants, continuing rights, title and interest, benefits and interests 
of rental agreements for lease or license or other rights to use of premises, in 
connection with the said immovable properties; 
(b) any and all of its assets (including work in progress), as are movable in 
nature, whether present or future or contingent, tangible or intangible, in adani 
Cement 
47adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
possession or reversion, corporeal or incorporeal (including plant and 
machinery, boilers, turbines, handling equipments including coal handling 
equipments, dumpers, excavators, shovel, surface miners, cranes, capital 
work in progress, electrical fittings, air conditioners, furniture, fixtures, 
appliances, accessories, power lines, office equipments, computers, 
communication facilities, installations, vehicles, inventory and tools and 
plants), stock-in-trade, stores and spares, stock-in-transit, raw materials, 
finished goods, supplies, packaging items/materials, actionable claims, 
prepaid expenses, bills of exchange, promissory notes, current assets, earnest 
monies and receivables, sundry debtors, financial assets, outstanding loans 
and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, 
provisions, receivables, funds, cash and bank balances and deposits including 
accrued interest thereto with Governmental Authority, semi-Government, 
local and other authorities and bodies, banks, customers and other persons, 
insurances, the benefits of any bank guarantees, performance guarantees and 
letters of credit; 
( c) any and all of its permits, licenses (including factory license), mineral mining 
rights, permissions, right of way, approvals, authorisations, clearances, 
consents, benefits, registrations including import registrations, rights, 
entitlements, credits, certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no 
objection certificates, exemptions, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, 
concessions, subsidies, liberties and advantages (including 
consent/authorisation granted by Pollution Control Board, environmental 
clearance and other licenses/permits granted/issued/given by any 
Governmental Authority, statutory or regulatory or local or administrative 
bodies), Tax deferrals, Tax credits (including any credits arising from 
advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, other income Tax credits, withholding 
Tax credits, minimum alternate Tax credits, central value added tax credits, 
goods and services Tax credits, customs duty credit other indirect Tax credits 
and other Tax receivables), other claims under Tax Laws, privileges, 
incentives (including incentives in respect of income Tax, sales Tax, value 
added Tax, service Tax, excise duty, customs duties and goods and services 
Tax), benefits, Tax holidays, Tax refunds (including those pending with any 
Tax authorities), all Tax assets both direct and indirect including refunds filed 
pending to be adjudicated and refunds to be filed, advantages, benefits and 
all other rights, privileges, powers and facilities of every kind and description 
of whatsoever nature and the benefits thereto; 
(d) all contracts, agreements including power purchase agreement(s), coal 
linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, 
purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, 
memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of 
agreements, memoranda of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, 
expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, 
engagements, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase 
arrangements, lease/licence agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/ 
panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement 
with customers, purchase and other agreements with the 
supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, adani 
Cement 
48
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, insurance covers and claims, 
clearances and other instruments of whatsoever nature and description, 
whether written, oral or otherwise and all rights, title, interests, claims and 
benefits thereunder; 
( e) all intangible assets, including all Intellectual Property Rights and all 
goodwill attaching to such Intellectual Property Rights; 
(f) all rights to use and avail telephones, facsimile, e-mail, internet, leased line 
connections and installations, utilities, electricity and other services, 
reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other interests 
held in trusts, registrations, contracts, engagements, arrangements of all kind, 
privileges and all other rights, easements, liberties and advantages of 
whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging to or in the 
ownership, power or possession and in control of or vested in or granted in 
favour of or enjoyed by the Transferor Company and all other interests of 
whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power, possession or 
control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or 
enjoyed by the Transferor Company; 
(g) all books, records, files, papers, engineering and process information, 
software licenses (whether proprietary or otherwise), applications (including 
hardware, software, source codes, parameterization and scripts), test reports, 
computer programmes, drawings, manuals, data, databases including 
databases for procurement, commercial and management, catalogues, 
brochures, pamphlets, quotations, sales and advertising materials, product 
registrations, product master cards, lists of present and former customers and 
suppliers including service providers, other customer information, customer 
credit information, customer/supplier pricing information, and all other 
books and records, whether in physical or electronic form; 
(h) all insurance policies of the Transferor Company; 
(i) all investments, including long term, short term, quoted, unquoted 
investments in different instruments, including shares, debentures, warrants 
and bonds, if any; 
G) amounts claimed or to be claimed including the receivables by the Transferor 
Company from any Governmental Authority; 
(k) all application monies, advance monies, earnest monies and security and 
other deposits paid to any person, including any Governmental Authority, 
and payments against other entitlements; 
(1) any and all of its debts, borrowings and liabilities, present or future, whether 
or not provided in the books of accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of 
the Transferor Company, all guarantees, assurances, commitments and 
obligations of any nature or description, whether fixed, contingent or 
absolute, secured or unsecured, asserted or unasserted, matured or 
unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, known or adani 
Cement 
49adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
unknown, due or to become due, whenever or however arising (including, 
without limitation, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on 
negligence or strict liability) unless transferred, assigned or hived off in any 
manner as part of any other undertaking prior to the Appointed Date; 
(m) all of its staff and employees, and other obligations of whatsoever kind, 
including liabilities of the Transferor Company, with regard to its staff and 
employees, with respect to the payment of gratuity, superannuation, pension 
benefits and provident fund or other compensation or benefits, if any, 
whether in the event of resignation, death, retirement, retrenchment or 
otherwise; and 
(n) all legal proceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral and other 
administrative proceedings of whatsoever nature involving the Undertaking. 
1.2. Interpretation 
1.2.1 All terms and words used in the Scheme but not specifically defined herein shall, 
unless contrary to the context thereof, have the meaning ascribed to them under the 
Act. 
1.2.2 In the Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(i) references to a statutory provision include any subordinate legislation 
made from time to time under that provision; 
(ii) references to the singular include the plural and vice versa and references 
to any gender includes the other gender; 
(iii) references to a statute or statutory provision include that statute or 
provision as from time to time modified or re-enacted or consolidated and 
(so far as liability thereunder may exist or can arise) shall include also any 
past statutory provision ( as from time to time modified or re-enacted or 
consolidated) which such provision has directly or indirectly replaced, 
provided that nothing in this Clause 1.2.2 shall operate to increase the 
liability of any Companies beyond that which would have existed had this 
Clause 1.2.2 been omitted; 
(iv) references to a document shall be a reference to that document as 
modified, amended, novated or replaced from time to time; 
(v) headings are for convenience only and shall be ignored in construing or 
interpreting any provision of this Scheme; 
(vi) the expression "this Clause" shall, unless followed by reference to a 
specific provision, be deemed to refer to the whole Clause ( and not merely 
the sub-Clause, paragraph or other provision) in which the expression 
occurs; 
references to Clauses are to Clauses of this Scheme; adani 
Cement 
50
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
( viii) 
(ix) references to any person shall include that person's successors and 
permitted assigns or transferees; 
references to the words "include" or "including" shall be construed 
without limitation; 
(x) references to the words "hereof', "herein" and "hereunder" and words of 
similar import shall refer to this Scheme as a whole and not to any 
particular provision of this Scheme; and ' 
(xi) where a wider construction is possible, the words "other" and "otherwise" 
shall not be construed ejusdem generis with any foregoing words. 
1.3. Effective Date 
1.4. 
1.4.1. 
1.4.2. The Scheme set out herein in its present form, or with modification(s), if any, made 
in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme and/or the directions of the 
Tribunal, shall be effective from the Appointed Date but shall be operative from 
the Effective Date. 
Share Capital 
The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferor 
Company as on September 30, 2024 was as under: 
SHARE CAP IT AL AMOUNT IN RS. 
Authorised share capital 
35,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.IO/-each 350,00,00,000 
220,00,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10/-each 2200,00,00,000 
Total 2550,00,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital 
25,83,26,000 equity shares of Rs.IO/-each fully paid-up 258,32,60,000 
220,00,00,000 -8% non-convertible cumulative 
redeemable preference shares of Rs. 10/-each fully paid-up 2200,00,00,000 
Total 2458,32,60,000 
The authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferee 
Company as on September 30, 2024 was as under: 
SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT IN RS. 
Authorised share capital 
4,001,75,00,000 equity shares of Rs.2/-each 8,003,50,00,000 adani 
Cement 
51adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT IN RS. 
15,00,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10/-each 150,00,00,000 
Total 8153,50,00,000 
Issued share capital 
246,34,49,998* equity shares of Rs.2/-each fully paid-up 492,68,99,996 
Total 492,68,99,996 
Subscribed and paid-up share capital 
246,31,23,478* equity shares of Rs.2/-each fully paid-up# 492,62,46,956 
Total 492,62,46,956 
* The issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,39,841 equity shares 
represented by 13,39,841 global depository receipts as on September 30, 2024. 
#The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, subscribed and paid-up 
capital is on account of past issuance of right shares which are in abeyance. 
PART II 
2. AMALGAMATION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANY INTO AND 
WITH THE TRANSFEREE COMPANY 
2.1 Transfer and vesting of the Transferor Company into and with the Transferee 
Company 
2.1.1 Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and with effect from the Appointed 
Date, subject to the provisions of this Scheme, the Undertaking shall stand 
transferred to and vest in the Transferee Company, as a going concern, together 
with all its estates, properties, assets, contracts, employees, records, approvals, 
rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest therein, subject 
to existing charges thereon in favour of banks and financial institutions, if any, or 
otherwise, as the case may be, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or 
thing being made, done or executed, so as to become, as and from the Appointed 
Date, the estate, properties, assets, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, 
liabilities and interest of the Transferee Company by virtue of and in the manner 
provided in the Scheme pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and 
the provisions of sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
2.1.2 Without prejudice to the generality of the above and to the extent applicable, unless 
otherwise stated herein, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, in relation to the Undertaking: 
(i) All assets of the Transferor Company that are movable in nature or 
incorporeal property or are otherwise capable of transfer by physical or 
constructive delivery, novation and/or by endorsement and delivery or by 
vesting and recordal of whatsoever nature, or otherwise capable of transfer 
by delivery of possession or by operation pursuant to --.c-·~~Q.!l:_:..~._tne, shall, adani 
Cement 
52
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
pursuant to this Scheme, stand vested in and/or be deemed to be vested in 
the Transferee Company and shall become the property of the Transferee 
Company, with effect on and from the Appointed Date pursuant to the 
provisions of the Act, all other applicable provisions of applicable Law, if 
any, without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer 
of the same. The vesting pursuant to this sub-clause shall be deemed to 
have occurred by physical or constructive delivery or by endorsement and 
delivery or by vesting and recordal, pursuant to this Scheme, as 
appropriate to the property being vested and title to the property shall be 
deemed to have been transferred accordingly. 
(ii) All other movable assets of the Transferor Company, including 
investments in shares and any other securities, sundry debtors, actionable 
claims, earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits, outstanding loans and 
advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, bank 
balances and deposits, with Governmental Authorities, customers and 
other persons, shall, stand transferred to, and vested in the Transferee 
Company without any notice or other intimation to the debtors or obligors 
or any other person. The Transferor Company shall upon sanction of the 
Scheme be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title 
of such movable property in this regard. The Transferee Company may 
(without being obliged to do so), if it so deems appropriate, give notice in 
such form as it deems fit and proper, to each such debtor or obligor or any 
other person, that pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal, 
such debt, loan, advance, claim, bank balance, deposit or other asset be 
paid or made good or held on account of the Transferee Company as the 
person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Transferor 
Company to recover or realise all such debts (including the debts payable 
by such debtor or obligor or any other person to the Transferor Company) 
stands transferred and assigned to the Transferee Company and that 
appropriate entries should be passed in the books of accounts of the 
relevant debtors or obligors or other persons to record such change. 
(iii) All lease and licence agreements, entered into by the Transferor Company 
with landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use of the assets 
of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company, together with security 
deposits and advance/prepaid lease/license fee, rights and easements in 
relation to such properties, shall stand automatically transferred in favour 
of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions without any 
further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or 
executed. The Transferee Company shall continue to pay rent 
amounts/licence fees/royalty as provided for in such agreements and shall 
comply with the other terms, conditions and covenants thereunder and 
shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits/prepaid lease/license 
fee paid under such agreements by the Transferor Company. 
(iv) All immovable properties, estate, assets of the Transferor Company, 
including land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon 
and rights, claim, title, authorities and interests in immovable properties 
including accretions and appurtenances of the Undertaking of whatsoever adani 
Cement 
53adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
(v) 
(vi) nature and wherever situate of the Transferor Company, whether freehold 
or leasehold or sanctioned/allotted by any Governmental Authority or 
otherwise, and all documents of title, rights and easements in relation 
thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed to have been vested in the 
Transferee Company, without any further act or deed done or being 
required to be done by the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee 
Company and the mere filing thereof with the appropriate registrar or sub­
registrar or with the relevant Governmental Authority shall suffice as 
record of continuing titles with the Transferee Company and shall be 
constituted as a deemed mutation and substitution thereof. The Transferee 
Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to 
such immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the ground rent, rates 
and Taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation to or applicable to such 
immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the 
immovable properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be 
made and duly recorded in the name of the Transferee Company by the 
appropriate authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the 
Tribunal and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance 
with the terms hereof. The appropriate authorities shall grant all 
clearances/permissions, if any, required for enabling the Transferee 
Company to absolutely own and enjoy the immovable properties in 
accordance with applicable Law. The Transferee Company shall upon the 
Scheme becoming effective be entitled to the delivery and possession of 
all documents of title to such immovable property in this regard, which 
are in possession of the Transferor Company. It is clarified that any 
document executed pursuant to this sub-clause or sub-clause (iii) above or 
sub-clause (vii) below will be for the limited purpose of meeting the 
regulatory requirements and shall not be deemed to be a document under 
which the transfer of any asset of the Transferor Company ta1ces place and 
all assets of the Transferor Company shall be transferred solely pursuant 
to and in terms of this Scheme and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning 
the Scheme. 
All estate, assets, rights, title, claims, interest, investments and properties 
of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date, including accretions 
and appurtenances, whether or not included in the books of the Transferor 
Company, and all assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties, 
of whatsoever nature and wherever situate, which is acquired by the 
Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date but prior to the 
Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall become the assets and 
properties of the Transferee Company. 
Until the owned property, leasehold property, property sanctioned/allotted 
by the Governmental Authority and related rights thereto, licence or right 
to use the immovable property, tenancy rights, liberties and special status 
are transferred, vested, recorded, effected and/or perfected in the record 
of the appropriate authorities in favour of the Transferee Company, the 
Transferee Company shall be deemed to be authorised to carry on business 
in the name and style of the Transferor Company under the relevant 
agreement, deed, lease and/or licence, sanction letters/orders, as u~~~, adani 
Cement 
54
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
may be, and the Transferee Company shall keep a record and account of 
such transactions. 
(vii) For purposes of taking on record the name of the Transferee Company in 
the records of the Governmental Authorities in respect of transfer of 
immovable properties to the Transferee Company pursuant to this 
Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company may approve the execution of such documents or 
deeds as may be necessary. 
(viii) All letters of intent, requests for proposal, pre-qualifications, bid 
acceptances, tenders, and other instruments of whatsoever nature to which 
the Transferor Company is a party to or to the benefit of which the 
Transferor Company may be eligible for, shall remain in full force and 
effect against or in favour of the Transferee Company and may be 
enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, 
the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligee 
thereto. Upon coming into effect of the Scheme, the past track record of 
the Transferor Company shall be deemed to be the track record of the 
Transferee Company for all commercial and regulatory purposes. 
(ix) All the security interest over any moveable and/or immoveable properties 
and security in any other form (both present and future) including but not 
limited to any pledges, or guarantees, if any, created/executed by any 
person in favour of the Transferor Company or any other person acting on 
behalf of or for the benefit of the Transferor Company for securing the 
obligations of the persons to whom the Transferor Company has advanced 
loans and granted other funded and non-funded financial assistance, by 
way of letter of comfort or through other similar instruments shall without 
any further act, instrument or deed stand vested in and be deemed to be in 
favour of the Transferee Company and the benefit of such security shall 
be available to the Transferee Company as if such security was ab initio 
created in favour of the Transferee Company. The mutation or substitution 
of the charge in relation to the movable and immovable properties of the 
Transferor Company shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be 
made and duly recorded in the name of the Transferee Company by the 
appropriate authorities and third parties (including any depository 
participants) pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and 
upon the Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(x) All electricity, gas, water and any other utility connections and tariff rates 
in respect thereof sanctioned by various public sector and private 
companies, boards, agencies and authorities to the Transferor Company, 
together with security deposits and all other advances paid, shall stand 
automatically transferred in favour of the Transferee Company on the 
same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, deed, 
matter or thing being made, done or executed. The relevant electricity, 
gas, water and any other utility companies, boards, agencies and 
authorities shall issue invoices in the name of the Transferee Company 
with effect from the billing cycle commencing from the month adani 
Cement 
55adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
immediately succeeding the month in which the Effective Date falls. The 
Transferee Company shall comply with the terms, conditions and 
covenants associated with the grant of such connection and shall also be 
entitled to refund of security deposits placed with such companies, boards, 
agencies and authorities by the Transferor Company. 
(xi) All bank accounts operated or entitled to be operated by the Transferor 
Company shall be deemed to have been transferred and shall stand 
transferred to the Transferee Company and the name of the Transferor 
Company shall be substituted by the name of the Transferee Company in 
the bank's records and the Transferee Company shall be entitled to operate 
all bank accounts, realise all monies and complete and enforce all pending 
contracts and transactions in the name of the Transferor Company to the 
extent necessary until the transfer of the rights and obligations of the 
Transferor Company to the Transferee Company under the Scheme is 
formally accepted and completed by the parties concerned. For avoidance 
of doubt, it is hereby clarified that all cheques and other negotiable 
instruments, payment orders received or presented for encashrnent which 
are in the name of the Transferor Company after the Effective Date, shall 
be accepted by the bankers of the Transferee Company and credited to the 
accounts of the Transferee Company, if presented by the Transferee 
Company. Similarly, the banker of the Transferee Company shall honour 
all cheques issued by the Transferor Company for payment after the 
Effective Date. 
(xii) For avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the generality of any 
applicable provisions of this Scheme, it is clarified that in order to ensure 
the smooth transition and sales of products and inventory of the Transferor 
Company manufactured and/or branded and/or labelled and/or packed in 
the name of the Transferor Company prior to the Effective Date, the 
Transferee Company shall have the right to own, use, market, sell, exhaust 
or to in any manner deal with any such products and inventory (including 
packing material) pertaining to the Transferor Company at manufacturing 
locations or warehouses or retail stores or elsewhere, without making any 
modifications whatsoever to such products and/or their branding, packing 
or labelling. All invoices/ payment related documents pertaining to such 
products and inventory (including packing material) may be raised in the 
name of the Transferee Company after the Effective Date. 
(xiii) All liabilities, including all secured, if any, and unsecured debts, sundry 
creditors, contingent liabilities, duties, obligations and undertakings of the 
Transferor Company, of every kind, nature and description whatsoever 
and howsoever arising, raised, incurred or utilised for its business 
activities and operations, shall, pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by 
the Tribunal and under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Act 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, 
instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, be 
transferred to, and vested in, or be deemed to have been transferred to, and 
vested in, the Transferee Company, along with any charge, encumbrance, 
lien or security created in connection therewith, and such liab1iti,s::: _ .. ,!.l 
~0S11y1 • ·"~y-,, 
,,, 
~A '-­'.S adani 
Cement 
56
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
be assumed by the Transferee Company to the extent they are outstanding 
as on the Effective Date so as to become, the liabilities, debts, duties and 
obligations of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions 
as was applicable to the Transferor Company, and the Transferee 
Company shall meet, discharge and satisfy the liabilities and it shall not 
be necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who 
is a party to any contract or arrangement by virtue of which such liabilities 
have arisen in order to give effect to the provisions of this clause. 
(xiv) Where any of the debts, liabilities, duties and obligations incurred before 
the Appointed Date by the Transferor Company, deemed to have been 
transferred to the Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme, has been 
discharged by the Transferor Company after the Appointed Date and prior 
to the Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to have been for and 
on account of the Transferee Company. 
Permits 
(xv) All Governmental Approvals and other consents, allotments, concessions, 
credits, awards, sanctions, subsidies, rehabilitation schemes, permissions, 
quotas, rights, authorisations, entitlements, no-objection certificates and 
licences, including those relating to tenancies, pre-qualifications, bid 
acceptances, tenders, privileges, powers, facilities, letter of allotments and 
certificates of every kind and description of whatsoever nature, to which 
the Transferor Company is a party or to the benefit of which the 
Transferor Company may be entitled to use or which may be required to 
carry on the operations of the Transferor Company, and which are 
subsisting or in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, including 
the benefits of any applications made for any of the foregoing, shall be, 
and remain, in full force and effect in favour of or against the Transferee 
Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the 
Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party, a 
beneficiary or an obligee thereto and shall be appropriately mutated by the 
relevant Governmental Authorities in favour of the Transferee Company. 
It is hereby clarified that if the consent of any third party or Governmental 
Authority is required to give effect to the provisions of this Clause, the 
said third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record the 
necessary substitution/ endorsement in the name of the Transferee 
Company pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, and 
upon this Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the terms hereof. 
For this purpose, the Transferee Company shall file appropriate 
applications/ documents with relevant authorities concerned for 
information and record purposes. 
(xvi) Without prejudice to the generality of the Clauses mentioned above, the 
assets of the Transferor Company shall also include all permits, licences, 
and any other licences, approvals, clearances, sanctions, authorities, 
quotas, allocations granted to the Transferor Company, all municipal 
approvals, authorisations, statutory rights, permissions, registrations, 
certificates, consents, authorities (including for the operation of bank adani 
Cement 
57adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
accounts), powers of attorneys (given by, issued to or executed in favour 
of the Transferor Company) and benefits of all contracts, allotments, 
consents, quotas, rights, easements, engagements, exemptions, 
entitlements, advantages of whatever nature and howsoever named, 
properties, movable, in possession or reversion, present or contingent of 
whatsoever nature and where-so-ever situated, liberties, ownerships rights 
and benefits, earnest moneys payable pertaining to the assets mentioned 
in the aforesaid Clauses, all other rights and benefits, licences, powers, 
privileges and facilities of every kind, nature and description whatsoever; 
right to use and avail of telephones, facsimile, connections, installations 
and other communication facilities and equipment, titles, all other utilities, 
benefits of all contracts, government contracts, memoranda of 
understanding, project service agreements, pre-qualification, applications, 
bids, tenders, letters of intent, concessions, non-possessory contractual 
rights or any other contracts, development rights, allocated deferred Tax 
and all other interest in connection with or relation to the Transferor 
Company, shall stand transferred to the Transferee Company in 
accordance with the applicable Laws. 
(xvii) Since each of the permissions, approvals, consents, sanctions, remissions, 
special reservations, holidays, incentives, concessions and other 
authorizations, etc., shall stand vested by the order of sanction of the 
Tribunal in the Transferee Company, the Transferee Company shall file 
the relevant intimations, for the record of the statutory authorities who 
shall take them on file, pursuant to the vesting orders of the Tribunal. 
Contracts 
(xviii) All contracts, agreements including power purchase agreement(s), coal 
linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, 
purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, 
memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda 
of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, letters of agreed points, 
minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, expression of interest, letters of intent, 
arrangements, understandings, engagements, deeds and instruments, 
including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/licence agreements, 
tenancy rights, agreements/ panchnamas for right of way, equipment 
purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other 
agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, 
other arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, whether written 
or otherwise, and other instruments to which the Transferor Company is a 
party, or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be entitled, 
and which are subsisting or having effect immediately prior to the 
Effective Date, shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, continue 
in full force and effect against or in favour of, as the case may be, the 
Transferee Company, and may be enforced effectively by or against the 
Transferee Company as fully and effectually as if, instead of the 
Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or 
beneficiary or obligor or obligee thereto or thereunder. The Transferee adani 
Cement 
58
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
Company will, if required, enter into novation agreements in relation to 
such contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements and other instruments. 
(xix) All other agreements entered into by the Transferor Company in 
connection with the assets of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company 
shall stand automatically transferred in favour of the Transferee Company 
on the same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, 
deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. 
(xx) On and from the Effective Date, and thereafter, the Transferee Company 
shall be entitled to complete and enforce all pending contracts and 
transactions in respect of the Transferor Company, in the name of the 
Transferor Company in so far as may be necessary until the transfer of 
rights and obligations of the Transferor Company to the Transferee 
Company under this Scheme has been given effect to under such contracts 
and transactions. 
Legal Proceedings 
(xxi) All legal proceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral and other 
administrative proceedings, of whatsoever nature by or against the 
Transferor Company pending on the Effective Date shall not abate or be 
discontinued or be prejudicially affected in any way by reason of the 
Scheme or by anything contained in the Scheme but shall be continued, 
prosecuted and enforced, as the case may be, by or against the Transferee 
Company, in the same manner and to the same extent as they would or 
might have been continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the 
Transferor Company. The Transferee Company undertakes to have all 
legal or other proceedings specified in this Clause, initiated by or against 
the Transferor Company, transferred to its name and to have such 
proceedings continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the 
Transferee Company, as the case may be. Following the Effective Date, 
the Transferee Company may initiate any legal proceeding for and on 
behalf of the Transferor Company. 
(xxii) The Transferee Company shall be deemed to be authorized under this 
Scheme to execute any pleadings, applications, forms, etc., as are required 
to remove any difficulties and carry out any formalities or compliances as 
are necessary for the implementation of this Scheme. 
Employees 
(xxiii) With effect from the Effective Date, all the staff and employees of the 
Transferor Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective 
Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and 
employees of the Transferee Company, and, subject to the provisions of 
the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favourable than those on 
which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any 
interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of 
the Undertaking of the Transferor Company to the Transferee adani 
Cement 
59adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
With regard to provident fund, gratuity, superannuation, leave encashrnent 
and any other special scheme or benefits or fund or trusts, if any, created 
by the Transferor Company which exist immediately prior to the Effective 
Date, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for the Transferor 
Company for all purposes whatsoever, upon the coming into effect of this 
Scheme, including with regard to the obligation to make contributions to 
relevant authorities, such as the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner 
or to such other funds maintained by the Transferor Company, in 
accordance with applicable Law. It is hereby clarified that upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme, such benefits and schemes shall 
continue to be provided to the transferred employees and the service of all 
transferred employees of the Transferor Company for such purpose shall 
be treated as having been continuous. 
(xxiv) With regard to any provident fund, gratuity fund, pension, superannuation 
fund or other special fund created or existing for the benefit of such 
employees of the Transferor Company, it is the aim and intent of the 
Scheme that all the rights, duties, powers and obligations of the Transferor 
Company in relation to such schemes or funds shall become those of the 
Transferee Company. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the 
Transferee Company shall stand substituted for the Transferor Company 
for all purposes whatsoever relating to the obligation to make 
contributions to the said funds in accordance with the provisions of such 
schemes or funds in the respective trust deeds or other documents. Any 
existing provident fund, gratuity fund and superannuation fund trusts 
created by the Transferor Company for its employees shall be continued 
for the benefit of such employees on the same terms and conditions until 
such time that they are transferred to the relevant funds of the Transferee 
Company. It is clarified that the services ofall employees of the Transferor 
Company transferred to the Transferee Company will be treated as having 
been continuous and uninterrupted for the purpose of the aforesaid 
schemes or funds. Without prejudice to the aforesaid, the Board of the 
Transferee Company, if it deems fit and subject to Law, shall be entitled 
to: (i) retain separate trusts or funds within the Transferee Company for 
the erstwhile fund(s) of the Transferor Company; or (ii) merge the pre­
existing fund of the Transferor Company with other similar funds of the 
Transferee Company. 
(xxv) The Transferee Company shall comply with any 
agreement(s)/settlement(s) entered into with labour unions (if any) or 
employees by the Transferor Company. The Transferee Company agrees 
that for the purpose of payment of any retrenchment compensation, 
gratuity and other termination benefits, the past services of employees 
with the Transferor Company, shall also be taken into account, and further 
agrees to pay such benefits when they become due. adani 
Cement 
60
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
the obligation to make contributions to the said funds in accordance with 
the provisions of such scheme, funds, bye laws, etc. in respect of such 
transferred employees. 
(xxvii) The Directors of the Transferor Company will not be entitled to any 
directorships in the Transferee Company by virtue of the provisions of this 
Scheme. It is clarified that this Scheme will not affect any directorship of 
any person who is already a director in the Transferee Company as on the 
Effective Date. 
Intellectual Property 
(xxviii) All Intellectual Property Rights of the Transferor Company shall stand 
transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company. 
Inter se Transactions 
(xxix) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the 
Appointed Date, all inter-se contracts and inter-corporate deposits, loans, 
advances including the issuance and allotment of 8% non-convertible 
cumulative redeemable preference shares issued by the Transferor 
Company to the Transferee Company and other obligations (including any 
guarantees, letters of credit, letters of comfort or any other instrument or 
arrangement which may give rise to a contingent liability in whatever 
form), if any, due or which may at any time in future become due between 
the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, shall, ipso facto, 
stand discharged and cancelled, cease to operate and come to an end and 
there shall be no liability in that behalf on any party and appropriate effect 
shall be given to such cancellation and cessation in the books of accounts 
and records of the Transferee Company. For the removal of doubt, it is 
clarified that in view of the above, there will be no accrual of income or 
expense on account of any transactions, including inter-alia any 
transactions in the nature of sale or transfer of any goods, materials or 
services, between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. 
For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that with effect from the 
Effective Date, there will be no accrual of interest or other charges in 
respect of any inter se loans, 8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable 
preference shares, deposits or balances between the Transferor Company 
and the Transferee Company. 
Borrowing Limits; Corporate Approvals 
(xxx) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the 
Appointed Date, the borrowing and investment limits of the Transferee 
Company under the Act shall be deemed without any further act or deed 
to have been enhanced by the borrowing and investment limits of the 
Transferor Company, such limits being incremental to the existing limits 
of the Transferee Company. adani 
Cement 
61adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
(xxxi) 
Taxes Any corporate approvals obtained by the Transferor Company, whether 
for purposes of compliance or otherwise, shall stand transferred to the 
Transferee Company and such corporate approvals and compliance shall 
be deemed to have been obtained and complied with by the Transferee 
Company. 
(xxxii) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the 
Appointed Date, all Taxes payable by, or refundable to, the Transferor 
Company, including any refunds, claims or credits (including credits for 
income Tax, withholding Tax, advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, 
minimum alternate Tax, central value added Tax credit, goods and 
services Tax credits, other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables) 
shall be treated as the Tax liability, refunds, claims, or credits, as the case 
may be, of the Transferee Company, and any Tax incentives, benefits 
(including claims for unabsorbed Tax losses and unabsorbed Tax 
depreciation), advantages, privileges, exemptions, credits, Tax holidays, 
remissions or reductions, which would have been available to the 
Transferor Company, shall be available to the Transferee Company, and 
following the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to 
initiate, raise, add or modify any claims in relation to such Taxes on behalf 
of the Transferor Company. 
Creditors 
(xxxiii) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the 
Appointed Date, the secured creditors of the Transferor Company and/or 
other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor Company, 
if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of the properties, assets, 
rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company, as existing 
immediately prior to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with 
the Transferee Company and the secured creditors of the Transferee 
Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the 
Transferee Company, if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of 
the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee 
Company, as existing immediately prior to the amalgamation of the 
Transferor Company with the Transferee Company. It is hereby clarified 
that pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company, (a) the secured creditors of the Transferor Company 
and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor 
Company, if any, shall not be entitled to any additional security over the 
properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee Company 
and therefore, such assets which are not currently encumbered shall 
remain free and available for creation of any security thereon in future in 
relation to any current or future indebtedness of the Transferee Company; 
and (b) the secured creditors of the Transferee Company and/or other 
holders of security over the properties of the Transferee Company, if any, 
shall not be entitled to any additional security over the properties, assets, 
rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company and therefore, such adani 
Cement 
62
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
assets which are not currently encumbered shall remain free and available 
for creation of any security thereon in future in relation to any current or 
future indebtedness of the Transferee Company. 
2.1.3 Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing clauses and upon the effectiveness 
of this Scheme, the Transferee Company shall undertake all necessary compliance in 
relation to the mining leases under the applicable Laws as may be required either 
before, during or after the effectiveness of the Scheme. 
2.1.4 The Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company, as the case may be, 
shall, at any time after this Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the 
provisions hereof, if so required under Law or otherwise, do all such acts or things 
as may be necessary to transfer/obtain the approvals, consents, exemptions, 
registrations, no-objection certificates, permits, quotas, rights, entitlements, 
licenses and certificates which were held or enjoyed by the Transferor Company. 
It is hereby clarified that if the consent of any third party or Governmental 
Authority, if any, is required to give effect to the provisions of this Clause, the said 
third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record the necessary 
substitution/endorsement in the name of the Transferee Company pursuant to the 
sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, and upon this Scheme becoming effective 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act and with the terms hereof. For this 
purpose, the Transferee Company shall file appropriate applications/documents 
with relevant authorities concerned for information and record purposes. 
2.1.5 The Transferee Company shall, under the provisions of this Scheme, be deemed to 
be authorised to execute any such writings on behalf of the Transferor Company 
and to carry out or perform all such acts, formalities or compliances referred to 
above as may be required in this regard. 
2.1.6 Without prejudice to the other provisions of the Scheme and notwithstanding the 
vesting of the Transferor Company into the Transferee Company by virtue of Part 
II of the Scheme itself, the Transferee Company may, at any time after the coming 
into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the provisions hereof, if so required, 
under Law or otherwise, execute deeds (including deeds of adherence), 
confirmations or other writings or tripartite arrangements with any party to any 
contract or arrangement in relation to which the Transferor Company has. been a 
party, including any filings with the regulatory authorities in order to give formal 
effect to the above provisions and to carry out or perform all such formalities or 
compliances referred to above on the part of the Transferor Company. The 
Transferee Company will, if necessary, also be a party to the above. 
2.2 Business and property in trust and conduct of the business for the Transferee 
Company 
2.2.1 With effect from the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective Date, 
the Transferor Company shall carry on its business with reasonable diligence and 
except in the ordinary course of business, the Transferor Company shall not, 
without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Transferee 
Company or pursuant to any pre-existing obligation, sell, transfer or otherwise adani 
Cement 
63adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
alienate, charge, mortgage, encumber or otherwise deal with or dispose of any of 
the assets of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company or any part thereof. 
2.2.2 With effect from the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective Date: 
(a) the Transferor Company shall carry on and be deemed to have carried on 
its business and activities and shall hold and stand possessed of and shall 
be deemed to hold and stand possessed of all its estates, assets, rights, title, 
interest, authorities, contracts, investments and strategic decisions for and 
on account of, and in trust for, the Transferee Company; 
(b) all profits and income accruing or arising to the Transferor Company, and 
losses and expenditure arising or incurred by it (including Taxes, if any, 
accruing or paid in relation to any profits or income) for the period 
commencing from the Appointed Date shall, for all purposes, be treated 
as and be deemed to be the profits, income, losses or expenditure 
(including Taxes), as the case may be, of the Transferee Company; 
( c) all debts, liabilities, loans raised and used, liabilities and obligations 
incurred, duties and obligations as on the close of business on the date 
preceding the Appointed Date, whether or not provided in the books of the 
Transferor Company which arise or accrue to the Transferor Company on 
or after the Appointed Date, shall be deemed to be of the Transferee 
Company; 
(d) any of the rights, powers, authorities or privileges exercised by the 
Transferor Company shall be deemed to have been exercised by the 
Transferor Company for and on behalf of, and in trust for and as an agent 
of the Transferee Company. Similarly, any of the obligations, duties and 
commitments that have been undertaken or discharged by the Transferor 
Company shall be deemed to have been undertaken for and on behalf of 
and as an agent for the Transferee Company; and 
( e) all Taxes (including, without limitation, income Tax, minimum alternate 
tax, tax deducted at source, sales Tax, goods and services tax, excise duty, 
customs duty, service Tax, VAT, entry Tax, etc.) paid or payable by the 
Transferor Company in respect of the operations and/or the profits of the 
Undertaking of the Transferor Company before the Appointed Date, shall 
be on account of the Transferor Company and, in so far as it relates to the 
tax payment (including, without limitation, income Tax, minimum 
alternate tax, tax deducted at source, sales Tax,· goods and services tax, 
excise duty, customs duty, service Tax, VAT, entry Tax, etc.), whether by 
way of deduction at source, advance Tax or otherwise howsoever, by the 
Transferor Company in respect of the profits or activities or operation of 
the Undertaking of the Transferor Company with effect from the 
Appointed Date, the same shall be deemed to be the corresponding item 
paid by the Transferee Company, and, shall, in all proceedings, be dealt 
with accordingly. adani 
Cement 
64
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
2.3 
2.3.1 
2.3.2 
2.3.3 
2.3.4 Consideration 
Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme and with effect from the Appointed 
Date, and in consideration of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking in the 
Transferee Company: 
(i) the equity shares of the Transferor Company and held by the Transferee 
Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished and in lieu thereof, there 
shall be no allotment of any equity shares in the Transferee Company; and 
(ii) the Transferee Company shall, without any further application, act or deed, 
issue and allot to the equity shareholder( s) of the Transferor Company ( other 
than the equity shareholder mentioned in sub-clause (i) above) whose names 
are recorded in the register of members as a member of the Transferor 
Company on the Record Date, 12 (Twelve) Transferee Company Shares, 
credited as fully paid-up, for every 100 (One Hundred) equity shares of the 
face value of Rs. 10/-(Rupees Ten only) each fully paid-up held by such 
equity shareholder in the Transferor Company ("Share Exchange Ratio"). 
The Transferee Company Shares to be issued by the Transferee Company 
to the shareholders of Transferor Company in accordance with this Clause 
2.3.1 (ii) shall be hereinafter referred to as "New Equity Shares". 
In the event of there being any pending share transfers, whether lodged or 
outstanding, of any equity shareholder, the Board of the Transferor Company shall 
be empowered in appropriate cases, prior to the Record Date, to effectuate such a 
transfer as if such changes in the registered holder were operative as on the Record 
Date, in order to remove any difficulties arising to the transferor of the equity shares 
in the Transferor Company and in relation to the shares issued by the Transferee 
Company, after the effectiveness of the Scheme. The Boards of Companies shall 
be empowered to remove any such difficulties as may arise in the implementation 
of this Scheme. 
Where New Equity Shares are to be allotted to heirs, executors or administrators, 
successors of deceased equity shareholders or legal representatives of the equity 
shareholders of the Transferor Company, the concerned heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors or legal representatives shall be obliged to produce 
evidence of title satisfactory to the Transferee Company. The New Equity Shares 
to be issued to the equity shareholders in respect of such equity shares of the 
Transferor Company, the allotment or transfer of which is held in abeyance under 
applicable Law shall, pending allotment or settlement of dispute by order of the 
appropriate court or otherwise, also be kept in abeyance in a like manner by the 
Transferee Company. 
The New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company allotted and issued in tenns of 
Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above, shall be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Stock 
Exchanges, where the equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed and/or 
admitted to trading as on the Effective Date. The New Equity Shares of the 
Transferee Company shall, however, be listed subject to the Transferee Company 
obtaining the requisite approvals from all the relevant Governmental Authorities 
pertaining to the listing of the New Equity Shares of the Transferee co,mtJan1v The adani 
Cement 
65adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
Transferee Company shall enter into such arrangements and give such 
confirmations and/or undertakings as may be necessary in accordance with 
applicable Law for complying with the formalities of the Stock Exchanges. 
2.3.5 Upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon the New Equity Shares of the 
Transferee Company being issued and allotted by it to the equity shareholder(s) of 
the Transferor Company, in terms of Clause 2.3.1 (ii) above, whose names appear 
on the register of members as a member of the Transferor Company on the Record 
Date or whose names appear as the beneficial owners of the equity shares of the 
Transferor Company in the records of the depositories/register of members, as the 
case may be, as on the Record Date, the equity shares of the Transferor Company, 
both in electronic form and in the physical form, shall be deemed to have been 
automatically cancelled and be of no effect on and from the Record Date. 
2.3.6 The New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company to be allotted and issued to the 
equity shareholders of the Transferor Company as provided in Clause 2.3 .1 (ii) 
above shall be subject to the provisions of the memorandum and articles of 
association of the Transferee Company and shall rank pari-pasu in all respects with 
the Transferee Company Shares after the Effective Date including in respect of 
dividend, if any, that may be declared by the Transferee Company on or after the 
Effective Date. 
2.3.7 The issue and allotment of the New Equity Shares by the Transferee Company to 
the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company as provided in Clause 2.3.1 (ii) 
above, is an integral part thereof and shall be deemed to have been carried out 
without requiring any further act on the part of the Transferee Company or its 
shareholders and as if the procedure laid down under Section 62 or any other 
applicable provisions of the Act, as may be applicable, and such other statues and 
regulations as may be applicable were duly complied with. 
2.3.8 For the purposes of allotment of the New Equity Shares, pursuant to this Scheme, 
in case any Transferor Company's shareholder becomes entitled to any fractional 
shares, entitlements or credit on the issue and allotment of the New Equity Shares 
by the Transferee Company in accordance with Clause 2.3 .1 (ii) above, the 
Transferee Company shall not issue fractional shares to such equity shareholder 
and shall consolidate all such fractional entitlements and round up the aggregate of 
such fractions to the next whole number and shall, without any further application, 
act, instrument or deed, issue and allot such consolidated equity shares directly to 
an individual trust or a board of trustees or a corporate trustee nominated by the 
Transferee Company ("Trustee"), who shall hold such New Equity Shares with all 
additions or accretions thereto in trust for the benefit of the respective equity 
shareholders, to whom they belong and their respective heirs, executors, 
administrators or successors for the specific purpose of selling such equity shares 
in the market at such price or prices at any time within a period of 90 (ninety) days 
from the date of allotment, and on such sale, distribute the net sale proceeds ( after 
deduction of the expenses incurred and applicable income Tax) to the respective 
equity shareholders in the same proportion of their fractional entitlements. Any 
fractional entitlements from such net proceeds shall be rounded off to the next 
Rupee. It is clarified that any such distribution shall take place only on the sale of adani 
Cement 
66
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
2.3.9 
2.3.10 
2.3.11 
2.3.12 
2.3.13 all the fractional shares of the Transferee Company by the Trustee pertaining to the 
fractional entitlements. 
The New Equity Shares issued by the Transferee Company pursuant to Clause 2.3.1 
(ii) above, shall be issued to the equity shareholders in demat form. The equity 
shareholders who hold equity shares in physical form should provide the requisite 
details relating to his/her/its account with a depository participant or other 
confirmations as may be required, to the Transferee Company to enable it to issue 
the New Equity Shares. In case of equity shareholders for whom such details are 
not available with the Transferor Company and in case of the equity shareholders 
who hold equity shares in physical form, the Transferee Company shall deal with 
the issuance of the relevant New Equity Shares in such manner as may be 
permissible under the applicable Law, including by way of issuing the said New 
Equity Shares in dematerialised form to a demat account held by a trustee 
nominated by the Board of the Transferee Company or into an escrow account 
opened by the Transferee Company or an escrow agent nominated by it, with a 
depository, as determined by the Board of the Transferee Company, where such 
New Equity Shares of the Transferee Company shall be held for the benefit of such 
equity shareholders ( or to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators 
or other legal representatives or other successors in title). The New Equity Shares 
so held in such trustee's account or escrow account, as the case may be, shall be 
transferred to the respective equity shareholders once such equity shareholder 
provides details of his/her/its demat account to the Transferee Company, along with 
such documents as may be required by the Transferee Company. The respective 
equity shareholders shall have all the rights of the shareholders of the Transferee 
Company, including the right to receive dividend, voting rights and other corporate 
benefits, pending such transfer of the said New Equity Shares from the said trustee's 
account or the escrow account, as the case may be. All costs and expenses incurred 
in this respect shall be borne by Transferee Company. 
The New Equity Shares to be issued by the Transferee Company pursuant to Clause 
2.3 .1 (ii) above in respect of such equity shares of the Transferor Company as are 
subject to lock-in pursuant to applicable Law, if applicable, shall remain locked-in 
as required under the applicable Law. 
In the event, the Transferor Company or the Transferee Company restructures their 
equity share capital by way of share split/consolidation/issue of bonus shares 
during the pendency of the Scheme, the Share Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted 
accordingly, to consider the effect of any such corporate actions. 
The New Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the 
depositories system until listing/trading permission is given by the Stock 
Exchanges. 
The New Equity Shares to be issued in lieu of the cancelled shares of the equity 
shareholders held in the unclaimed suspense account of the Transferor Company 
shall be issued to a new unclaimed suspense account created for the equity 
shareholders of the Transferee Company. The New Equity Shares to be issued in 
lieu of cancelled equity shares of the equity shareholders held in the Investor adani 
Cement 
67adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
Education and Protection Fund Authority ("IEPF") shall be issued to IEPF in 
favour of such equity shareholders. 
2.4 Accounting Treatment 
Accounting Treatment in the books of the Transferee Company 
Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Scheme, the Transferee Company 
shall account for the amalgamation of the Transferor Company in its books of 
accounts in accordance with Pooling oflnterest Method of accounting as laid down 
in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") 103 (Business 
Combinations of entities under common control) notified under Section 133 of the 
Act, under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be 
amended from time to time, and the date of such accounting treatment would be in 
accordance with the applicable Ind AS. 
2.4.1 The Transferee Company shall record the assets and liabilities, if any, of the 
Transferor Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at the carrying values as 
appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Transferee Company. 
2.4.2 The identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company shall be preserved and the 
Transferee Company shall record the reserves of the Transferor Company in the 
same form and at the carrying amount as appearing in the consolidated financial 
statements of Transferee Company. 
2.4.3 Pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee 
Company, the inter-company balances between the Transferee Company and the 
Transferor Company, if any, appearing in the books of the Transferee Company 
shall stand cancelled and there shall be no further obligation in that behalf. 
2.4.4 The value of investments held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor 
Company shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation. 
2.4.5 The consideration issued by the Transferee Company to the equity shareholders of 
the Transferor Company, as prescribed in clause 2.3 of this Scheme, shall be 
recognised at nominal /face value and credited to the Equity Share Capital. 
2.4.6 The surplus, if any arising after taking the effect of clause 2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.4 and 
2.4.5, after giving effect to adjustment of clause 2.4.3 shall be transferred to Capital 
Reserve in the financial statements of the Transferee Company and should be 
presented separately from other Capital Reserves with disclosure of its nature and 
purpose in the notes. The deficit, if any, arising after taking the effect of clauses 
2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.4 and 2.4.5, after giving effect to adjustment of clause 2.4.3 shall 
be transferred to Retained Earnings in the financial statements of the Transferee 
Company. 
2.4.7 In case of any differences in accounting policies between the Transferor Company 
and the Transferee Company, the accounting policies followed by the Transferee adani 
Cement 
68
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
2.4.8 
2.4.9 
2.4.10 
2.4.11 
2.5 
2.5.1 
2.5.2 
2.6 
2.6.1 
2.6.2 
2.7 
2.7.1 Company shall prevail to ensure that the financial statements reflect the financial 
position based on consistent accounting policies. 
Comparative financial information in the standalone financial statements of the 
Transferee Company shall be restated for the accounting impact of merger, as stated 
above, as if the merger had occurred from the beginning of the comparative period 
presented. 
For accounting purposes, the Scheme will be given effect when all substantial 
conditions for the transfer of the Transferor Company are completed. 
Any matter not dealt with hereinabove shall be dealt with in accordance with the 
requirement of applicable Ind AS. 
Accounting Treatment in the books of the Transferor Company 
As the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up, upon 
the Scheme becoming effective, hence no accounting treatment is being prescribed 
under this Scheme in the books of the Transferor Company. 
Dissolution of the Transferor Company 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferor Company shall stand 
dissolved without being wound up, without any further act or deed. 
The Transferor Company's name shall be removed from the RoC by the RoC upon 
this Scheme becoming effective. 
Reorganisation of the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferor Company 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, 
and as an integral part of the Scheme, the authorised share capital of the Transferor 
Company shall be reclassified/reorganised such that each equity share of Rs. 10/­
(Rupees Ten only) of the Transferor Company shall stand reclassified/reorganised 
as 5 (Five) equity share of Rs. 2/-(Rupees Two only) each. 
It is clarified that the approval of the equity shareholder(s) of the Transferor 
Company to this Scheme shall be deemed to be their consent/approval to the 
reclassification of the authorised share capital envisaged under this Clause of the 
Scheme, as required under Sections 13, 61 and other applicable provisions of the 
Act. 
Consolidation of the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferor Company 
with the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, 
and pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized 
share capital of the Transferor Company as set out in Clause 2.6 above, the resultant 
authorized share capital of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and 
be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of Jb:e-.'Lt~nsferee 
ftijE_~ 
y •. :·.'.f!'w. ~~~ .•. ' •.. • ,(:c '\' r I * .~ -! \le) ;,,, .; ,\ // .::;:11 
\~,vlv C• ·---~ 'xfl ·~:., ,, o··::,., .. / 
~ .. ~, . .:::···-,··- ,.,:::~•> adani 
Cement 
69adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
Company. The fees or stamp duty, if any, paid by the Transferor Company on its 
authorized share capital shall be deemed to have been so paid by the Transferee 
Company on the combined authorized share capital, and the Transferee Company 
shall not be required to pay any fee/stamp duty for the increase of the authorized 
share capital. The authorised share capital of the Transferee Company will 
automatically stand increased to that effect by simply filing the requisite forms with 
the RoC and no separate procedure or instrument or deed shall be required to be 
followed under the Act. 
2. 7.2 Clause V. of the memorandum of association of the Transferee Company (relating 
to the authorised share capital) shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, and 
without any further act, instrument or deed, be altered, modified and amended 
pursuant to sections 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
2.7.3 For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that, in case, the authorised share capital 
of the Transferee Company undergoes any change, either as a consequence of 
Adani Cementation Merger Scheme and/or Penna Cement Merger Scheme and/or 
any corporate actions or otherwise, then Clause 2. 7 .1 shall automatically stand 
increased/modified/adjusted to take into account the effect of such change. 
2.7.4 The approval of this Scheme by the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company 
under sections 230 to 232 of the Act, shall be deemed to have been an approval 
under section 13, section 61 and 64 or any other applicable provisions under the 
Act and no further resolution(s) would be required to be separately passed in this 
regard. 
2.8 Reclassification of Persons from 'Promoter and Promoter Group' category to 
'Public' category in the Transferee Company 
2.8.1 The Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification: (a) do not exercise control over the affairs of 
the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company either directly or indirectly; 
(b) do not have any special rights with respect to the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company through any formal or informal arrangements including 
through any shareholder agreements; ( c) are not represented on the board of 
directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company including a 
nominee director; ( d) do not act as a key managerial personnel in the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company; (e) have not been declared 'wilful 
defaulter' as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank oflndia; and (f) are not 
fugitive economic offenders. Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, the 
Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall also not hold more than 10% (ten percent) 
of the total voting rights in the Transferee Company. Accordingly, the 
Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall satisfy the conditions set out in 
Regulation 31A(3)(b) of the SEBI LODR. 
2.8.2 As an integral part of the Scheme and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, 
the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall be reclassified from 'Promoter and adani 
Cement 
70
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
2.8.3 
2.8.4 
2.9 
2.9.1 Promoter Group' category to 'Public' category in the Transferee Company in terms 
of the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI 
Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws. As the 
Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification shall be reclassified from 'Promoter and 
Promoter Group' category to 'Public' category in the Transferee Company as an 
integral part of the Scheme, it shall be deemed that the Transferee Company has 
complied with all approval requirements, as required under applicable provisions 
of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI LODR and 
other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other applicable 
provisions under the applicable Laws for seeking the aforesaid reclassification. 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the shareholding of the 
Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter Group/Persons related to the 
Promoters Seeking Reclassification in the Transferee Company shall be as set out 
in Schedule II. 
On approval of the Scheme by the Board and the equity shareholders of each of the 
Companies pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other relevant provisions of the 
Act and rules made thereunder, the SEBI Schemes Master Circular and SEBI 
LODR, it shall be deemed that the Board and equity shareholders of the Transferee 
Company have accorded their consent for such reclassification under the applicable 
provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI 
LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other 
applicable provisions under the applicable Laws, as may be applicable for effecting 
the aforesaid reclassification of the Promoters/Persons belonging to the Promoter 
Group/Persons related to the Promoters Seeking Reclassification from 'Promoter 
and Promoter Group' category to 'Public' category in the Transferee Company, 
and no further resolution or actions, including compliance with any procedural 
requirements, shall be required to be undertaken by the Transferee Company under 
the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, SEBI LODR and other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI 
Act and other applicable provisions under the applicable Laws, as may be 
applicable. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferee Company 
shall, if required, file all necessary documents/intimations and make payment of 
any necessary fees as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, SEBI 
LODR or any other applicable regulations notified under the SEBI Act and other 
applicable Laws. 
Matters Relating to Tax in respect of the Undertaking 
The provisions of Part II of this Scheme are intended to comply with the conditions 
relating to "Amalgamation" as specified under section 2(1B) of the Income Tax 
Act. If, at a later date, any terms or provisions of the Scheme are found or 
interpreted to be inconsistent with the provisions of section 2(1B) of the Income 
Tax Act, including as a result of an amendment of Law or the enactment of a new 
legislation or for any other reason whatsoever, the provisions of section 2(1B) of 
the Income Tax Act, or a corresponding provision of any amended or newly 
enacted Law, shall prevail and the Scheme shall stand modified to the. e~nt 
{(~ adani 
Cement 
l ~~R 
\\ /::s ~1/y _, ,--,, l ",-t:_s * n✓>;,;;:✓ "¾,.,,"'~~:;,, •-"""' 
71adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
determined necessary to comply with section 2(1B) of the Income Tax Act or a 
corresponding provision of any amended or newly enacted Law. Such 
modification(s) will, however, not affect the other parts of the Scheme. The power 
to make such modification(s), if necessary, shall vest with the Boards of Directors 
of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, which power shall be 
exercised reasonably in the best interest of the Transferor Company, the Transferee 
Company and their respective shareholders and creditors in accordance with Clause 
3.2. In addition, upon the Scheme becoming effective: 
(i) to the extent required, the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
are permitted to revise and file their respective income Tax returns, 
withholding Tax returns (including Tax deducted at source certificates and 
Tax collected at source certificates), sales Tax, value added Tax, service Tax, 
central sales Tax, entry Tax, octroi, local Tax Law, excise and central value 
added Tax duty Laws, custom duty Laws, goods and services Tax returns and 
any other Tax returns, even if the time limits prescribed under the Income 
Tax Act have lapsed and that the Transferee Company is also expressly 
permitted to claim refunds/credits in respect of any transaction by and 
between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company; and 
(ii) the Transferee Company shall be entitled to: (a) claim deduction with respect 
to items such as provisions, expenses, etc. disallowed in earlier years in the 
hands of the Transferor Company, which may be allowable in accordance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act on or after the Appointed Date; 
and (b) exclude items such as provisions, reversals, etc. for which no 
deduction or Tax benefit has been claimed by the Transferor Company prior 
to the Appointed Date. 
2.9.2 Upon the Scheme becoming effective, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the provisions of this Scheme, all accumulated Tax loss and 
unabsorbed Tax depreciation of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date, 
shall, for all purposes, be treated as accumulated Tax loss and unabsorbed Tax 
depreciation of the Transferee Company. It is further clarified that any business 
loss and unabsorbed depreciation of the Transferor Company as specified in its 
books of account shall be included as business loss and unabsorbed depreciation of 
the Transferee Company for the purposes of computation of minimum alternate 
Tax. 
2.9.3 Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to 
claim refunds (including refunds or claims pending with the Tax authorities) or 
credits, with respect to Taxes paid by, for, or on behalf of, the Transferor Company 
under applicable Laws, including income Tax, minimum alternate Tax, Tax 
deducted at source, sales Tax, value added Tax, service Tax, entry Tax, custom 
duty, goods and services Tax or any other Tax, whether or not arising due to an 
inter-se transactions between the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company, even if the prescribed time limits for claiming such refunds or credits 
have lapsed. 
2.9.4 Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, all 
Taxes, cess, duties and liabilities (direct and indirect), payable by or on of adani 
Cement 
72
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
2.9.5 
2.9.6 
2.9.7 
2.9.8 
2.9.9 
2.10 
2.10.1 the Transferor Company, including any taxes paid and taxes deducted at source and 
deposited by the Transferee Company on inter se transactions between the 
Appointed Date and Effective Date, shall, for all purposes, be treated as Taxes, 
cess, duties and liabilities, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, all 
unavailed credits and exemptions and other statutory benefits, including in respect 
of income Tax, central value added Tax, customs, value added Tax, sales Tax, 
service Tax, entry Tax and goods and services Tax to which the Transferor 
Company is entitled shall be available to and vest in the Transferee Company, 
without any further act or deed. 
Any Tax liabilities under the Income Tax Act or other applicable Tax Laws or 
regulations allocable to the Transferor Company, whether or not provided for or 
covered by any Tax provisions in the accounts of the Transferor Company made as 
on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date, shall be transferred to the 
Transferee Company. Any surplus in the provision for Taxation or duties or levies 
in the accounts of the Transferor Company, including advance Tax and Tax 
deducted at source as on the close of business in India on the date immediately 
preceding the Appointed Date will also be transferred to the account of the 
Transferee Company. 
All Tax assessment proceedings and appeals of whatsoever nature by or against the 
Transferor Company, pending or arising as at the Effective Date, shall be continued 
and/or enforced by or against the Transferee Company in the same manner and to 
the same extent as would or might have been continued and enforced by or against 
the Transferor Company. Further, the aforementioned proceedings shall neither 
abate or be discontinued nor be in any way prejudicially affected by reason of the 
amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company or 
anything contained in this Scheme. 
Any refund under the Income Tax Act or any other Tax Laws related to or due to 
the Transferor Company, including those for which no credit is taken as on the date 
immediately preceding the Effective Date, shall also belong to and be received by 
the Transferee Company. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the above, all benefits, incentives, claims, 
losses, credits (including income Tax, service Tax, excise duty, goods and services 
Tax and applicable state value added Tax) to which the Transferor Company is 
entitled to in terms of applicable Tax Laws, shall be available to and vest in the 
Transferee Company from the Effective Date. 
Saving of concluded transactions 
The transfer of assets, properties and liabilities and the continuance of proceedings 
by or against the Transferor Company under Clause 2.1.2 above shall not affect 
any transaction or proceedings already concluded by the Transferor Company on 
and after the Appointed Date until the Effective Date, to the end and intent that the 
Transferee Company accept and adopt all acts, deeds and things done and executed adani 
Cement 
73adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
3. 
3.1. 
3.1.1. 
3.1.2. 
3.2. 
3.2.1. 
3.2.2. 
3.2.3. by the Transferor Company in respect thereto as done and executed on behalf of 
the Transferee Company. 
PART III 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Applications to the Tribunal 
The Companies shall make necessary applications and/or petitions pursuant to 
sections 230 to 232 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act to the 
Tribunal for approval of the Scheme and all matters ancillary or incidental thereto, 
as may be necessary to give effect to the terms of the Scheme. 
The Companies shall be entitled, pending the effectiveness of the Scheme, to apply 
to any Governmental Authority, if required, under any Law for such consents and 
approvals, which the respective Companies may require to effect the transactions 
contemplated under the Scheme, in any case subject to the terms as may be 
mutually agreed between the relevant Companies. 
Modification or Amendments to the Scheme 
Subject to Clause 3.2.4., the Companies may mutually, by their respective Boards 
of Directors or such other person or persons, as the respective Boards of Directors, 
may authorize, may make and/or consent to (i) any modifications/amendments to 
the Scheme (including but not limited to the terms and conditions thereof); or (ii) 
to any conditions or limitations that the Tribunal or any other Governmental 
Authority may deem fit to direct or impose; or (iii) modification/amendment which 
may otherwise be considered necessary, desirable or appropriate by them. No 
further approval of the shareholders or creditors of any of the Companies shall be 
necessary for giving effect to the provisions of this Clause. 
The Companies, by their respective Boards of Directors or such other person or 
persons, as the respective Boards of Directors may authorize (including any 
committee or sub-committee thereof), shall be authorised to take all such steps as 
may be necessary, desirable or proper to resolve any doubts, difficulties or 
questions whether by reason of any directive or orders of any authorities or 
otherwise howsoever arising out of, or under, or by virtue of the Scheme and/or 
any matter concerned or connected therewith. 
For the purpose of giving effect to this Scheme or to any modifications or 
amendments or additions thereto, the respective Board of Directors of the 
Companies may jointly give and are hereby jointly authorised to determine and 
give all such directions as are necessary including directions for settling or 
removing any question of doubt or difficulty that may arise and such determination 
or directions, as the case may be, shall be binding on all the Companies, in the same 
manner as if the same were specifically incorporated in this Scheme. adani 
Cement 
74
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
3.2.4. 
3.3. 
3.4. 
3 .4.1. 
3.4.2. Notwithstanding anything stated in Clauses 3.2.1., 3.2.2. and 3.2.3. hereinabove, 
no amendments or changes to the Scheme shall be carried out or be permissible 
unless and until the same are approved by the Tribunal before which the Companies 
have filed the petition for sanctioning the Scheme. 
Scheme conditional upon approvals/sanctions 
Unless otherwise decided ( or waived) by the Companies, the effectiveness of the 
Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to the fulfilment or waiver (to 
the extent permitted under applicable Law) of the following conditions precedent: 
(a) the requisite Stock Exchanges Approval having been obtained by the 
Companies in relation to the Scheme; 
(b) the Scheme being approved by the reqms1te majority of public 
shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company (by 
way of e-voting), respectively, as required under the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular; 
( c) the Scheme being approved by the respective requisite majorities of the 
classes of members and creditors (where applicable) of the Companies in 
accordance with the Act or dispensation having been received from the 
Tribunal in relation to obtaining such approval from the shareholders 
and/or creditors or any Law permitting the respective Companies not to 
convene the meetings of its shareholders and/or creditors; 
( d) the Scheme being confirmed/approved by the Tribunal, either on terms as 
originally approved by the Companies, or subject to such modifications 
approved by the Tribunal, which shall be in form and substance acceptable 
to the Companies, each acting reasonably and in good faith; and 
( e) certified copies of the confirmation orders of the Tribunal 
confirming/sanctioning the Scheme being filed with the RoC by the 
respective Companies. 
Dividends 
The Companies shall be entitled to declare and pay dividends, whether interim 
and/or final, to their respective shareholders prior to the Effective Date, but only in 
the ordinary course of business. 
It is clarified that the aforesaid provisions in respect of declaration of dividends are 
enabling provisions only and shall not be deemed to confer any right on any 
shareholder of the respective Companies to demand or claim any dividends which, 
subject to the provisions of the Act, shall be entirely at the discretion of the 
respective Boards of Directors of the Companies, and if applicable in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act, be subject to the approval of the shareholders of the 
respective Companies. adani 
Cement 
75adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
3.5. 
3.5.1. 
3.6. 
3.6.1. 
3.6.2. 
3.7. 
3.7.1. 
3.8. 
3.8.1. 
3.8.2. Interpretation 
If any terms or provisions of this Scheme are found to be or interpreted to be 
inconsistent with any provisions of Law at a later date, whether as a result of any 
amendment of Law or any judicial or executive interpretation or for any other 
reason whatsoever, the provisions of the Law shall prevail. Subject to obtaining the 
sanction of the Tribunal, if necessary, this Scheme shall then stand modified to the 
extent determined necessary to comply with the said provisions. Such modification 
will, however, not affect other parts of this Scheme. Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Scheme, the power to make such amendments/modifications as 
may become necessary, whether before or after the Effective Date, shall, subject to 
obtaining the sanction of the Tribunal if necessary, vest with the Board of Directors 
of the respective Companies, which power shall be exercised reasonably in the best 
interests of the Companies and their respective shareholders. 
Severability 
If any part of this Scheme is invalid, ruled illegal by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, or unenforceable under present or future Law, then it is the intention 
of the Companies that such part shall be severable from the remainder of the 
Scheme. Further, if the deletion of such part of this Scheme may cause this Scheme 
to become materially adverse to the Companies, then in such case the Companies 
shall attempt to bring about a modification in the Scheme, as will best preserve for 
the Companies the benefits and obligations of the Scheme, including but not limited 
to such part. 
If any part of this Scheme is found to be unworkable for any reason whatsoever, 
the same shall not, subject to the mutual agreement of the Companies, affect the 
validity or implementation of the other parts and/or provisions of this Scheme. 
No cause of action 
No third party claiming to have acted or changed its position in anticipation of this 
Scheme taking effect, shall get any cause of action against the respective 
Companies or their respective directors or officers, if the Scheme does not take 
effect or is withdrawn, amended or modified for any reason whatsoever. 
Effect of Non-Receipt of Approvals; Withdrawal 
In the event of any of the said confirmations/sanctions and approvals not being 
obtained and/or the Scheme not being confirmed/sanctioned by the Tribunal, the 
Scheme shall become null and void and the Companies shall bear and pay their 
respective costs, charges and expenses for and/or in connection with the Scheme. 
The Companies, acting through their respective Board of Directors, may mutually 
agree in writing to withdraw this Scheme from the Tribunal. adani 
Cement 
76
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
3.9. 
3.9.1. Costs and Expenses 
All costs, duties, levies, fees, charges and expenses payable by the Companies in 
relation to or in connection with the Scheme and/or incidental to the completion of 
the Scheme shall be borne and paid by the Transferee Company. adani 
Cement 
77adani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
SCHEDULE I 
SHAREHOLDING OF THE PROMOTERS/PERSONS BELONGING TO THE 
PROMOTER GROUP/PERSONS RELATED TO THE PROMOTERS OF THE 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY SEEKING RECLASSIFICATION IN THE 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY AS ON SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
Sr. No. Name of the Shareholder Category No. of Shareholding 
Shares (%) 
1 SZF Private Limited Promoter Group 68,84,000 2.66 
2 Sanghi Threads Private Promoter Group 17,54,000 0.68 
Limited 
3 Sanghi Filaments Private Promoter Group 22,87,500 0.89 
Limited 
4 Sanghi Poly Zips Private Promoter Group 14,82,500 0.57 
Limited 
5 Sanghi Synthetics Private Promoter Group 16,75,000 0.65 
Limited 
6 Alpha Zippers Private Limited Promoter Group 16,75,000 0.65 
7 Fancy Zippers Private Limited Promoter Group 14,68,750 0.57 
8 Balaji Zippers Private Limited Promoter Group 27,75,000 1.07 
9 SKK Zippers Private Limited Promoter Group 35,75,000 1.38 
10 Maruti Fastners Private Promoter Group 14,68,750 0.57 
Limited 
11 Shri Ravi Sanghi** Promoter 24,12,800 0.93 
12 Shri Ram Sharan Sanghi Promoter Group 1,87,000 0.07 
13 Smt. Kamala Rani Sanghi Promoter Group 1,40,250 0.05 
14 Shri Gireesh Kumar Sanghi Promoter Group 13,42,478 0.52 
15 Smt. Alka Sanghi Promoter Group 10,74,150 0.42 
16 Ms. Aarti Sanghi Promoter Group 3,43,750 0.13 
17 Shri Gireesh Sanghi HUF Promoter Group 78,66,000 3.04 
18 Shri Ashish Sanghi Promoter Group 26,39,710 1.02 
19 Shri Gaurav Sanghi Promoter Group 26,47,300 1.02 
20 Smt. Anita Sanghi Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
21 Ms. Ekta Gupta Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
22 Mr. Aditya Sanghi Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
23 Mr. Alok Sanghi Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
24 Flarezeal Solutions LLP Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
25 Thinkfar Tradelink Pvt. Ltd. Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
26 Sanghi Polymers Pvt. Ltd. Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
27 Samrudhhi Investors Services Promoter Group 0.00 0.00 
Pvt. Ltd. 
Total 4,36,98,938 16.92 
** Please note that 24, 12,800 equity shares are held in the name of Sanghi Polyesters Limited ("SPL"). SPL has sold/ transferred these shares 
to Mr. Ravi Sanghi and relevant disclosure were made to the Stock Exchanges by the Transferor Company in the year 2014, however due to 
pledge of shares etc., these shares could not get transferred to demat account of Mr. Ravi Sanghi till date. The Transferor Company shows the 
said 24, 12,800 shares in the name of Mr. Ravi Sanghi in its quarterly shareholding pattern filed with the Stock Exchanges since then. adani 
Cement 
78
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
SCHEDULE TT 
SHAREHOLDfNG OF THE PROMOTERS /PERSONS BELONGING TO THE 
PROMOTER GROUP/PERSONS RELATED TO THE PROMOTERS OF 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY SEEKING RECLASSIFICATION IN THE 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY AS ON THE EFFECTlVE DATE 
Sr. ame of the Shareholder Category o.of Shareholding 
No. Shares (%) 
1 SZF Private Limited Public 8,26,080 0.03 
2 San,ghi Threads Private Limited Public 2,10,480 0.01 
3 Sanghi Filaments Private Limited Public 2,74,500 O.ot 
4 Sanghi Poly Zips Private Limited Public 1,77,900 0.01 
5 Sanghi Synthetics Private Limited Public 2,01,000 0.01 
6 Alpha Zippers Private Limited Public 2,01,000 0.01 
7 Fancy Ziooers Private Limited Public 1,76,250 0.01 
8 Balaji Ziouers Private Limited Public 3,33,000 0.01 
9 SK.K Zippers Private Limited Public 4,29,000 0.02 
10 Maruti Fastners Private Limited Public 1,76,250 0.01 
11 Shri Ravi Sanghi** Public 2,89,536 0.01 
12 Shri Ram Sharan Sanghi Public 22,440 0 
13 Smt. Kamala Rani Sanghi Public 16 830 0 
14 Shri Gireesh Kumar Sanghi Public 1,61,097 0.01 
1S Smt. Atka Sanghi Public 1,28,898 0.01 
16 Ms. Aarti Sanghi Public 41,250 0 
17 Shri Gireesh Sanghi HUF Public 9,43,920 0.04 
18 Shri Ashish Sanghi Public 3,16,765 0.01 
19 Shri Gaurav Sanghi Public 3,17,676 0.01 
20 Smt. Anita Sanghi Public 0 0 
21 Ms. Ekta Gupta Public 0 0 
22 Mr. Aditya Sanghi Public 0 0 
23 Mr. Alok Sanghi Public 0 0 
24 Flarezeal Solutions LLP Public 0 0 
25 Thinkfar Tradelink Pvt. Ltd. Public 0 0 
26 San:1?.hi Polymers Pvt. Ltd. Public 0 0 
27 Samrudhhi Investors Services Pvt. Ltd. Public 0 0 
Total 5,243,873 0.21 
• • Upon the Schernc becoming cfTcctivc. the Tn1nsfcrce Com~ny sholl follow lhc disclosure in line with the no1c os per the SCHEDULE I 
above. adani 
Cement 
Annexure 2
79adani 
CAmbuJa 
ement 
IBDO 
Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio 
in relation to the 
'Scheme of Arrangement' 
December 2024 adani 
Cement 
80
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Ref. No.: MG/Dec17-235/2024 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Sanghi Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: 
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Tel: +91 22 6974 0300 
www.bdo .in 
Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
Ahmedabad -382 421, Gujarat, India. 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), HO 
The Ruby, Level 9, North West Wing 
Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), 
Mumbai 400028, INDIA 
December 17, 2024 Cement 
Subject: Recommendation of Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio in relation to the Proposed Scheme 
Of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited ('Transferor Company') and Ambuja 
Cements Limited ('Transferee Company') and their respective shareholders under Sections 
230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 
We, BDO Valuation Advisory LLP ('BDO Val' or 'We' or 'Us') bearing LLP identity no. AAN 9463, have 
been appointed by Sanghi Industries Limited ('the Client' or 'SIL' or 'Transferor Company') vide 
engagement letter dated November 27, 2024 bearing reference number MG/Nov273/2024 to recommend 
the fair equity share exchange ratio with respect to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with 
and into Ambuja Cements Limited ('ACL' or 'Transferee Company') on a going concern basis, as per the 
Proposed Scheme of Arrangement between SIL and ACL and their respective shareholders under sections 
230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and other applicable provisions of the Act read with 
the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, as amended (the 'Rules') 
("the Proposed Scheme"). 
SIL and ACL shall be collectively referred as (the 'Companies'). 
We are pleased to present herewith our report ('Report') on the same. We have determined the fair 
equity share exchange ratio for the Proposed Scheme as at the December 16, 2024 ('Valuation Date'). 
We hereby confirm that we have no present or planned future interest in the Companies except to the 
extent of our appointment as a registered valuer for this Report. 
We have considered the valuation base as 'Fair Value' and the premise of value is 'going concern' for 
estimating the value of the Companies. We hereby confirm that the valuation is carried out as per 
International Valuation Standards ('IVS'). Any change in the valuation base or the premise could have a 
significant impact on the outcome of the valuat10n exercise, and therefore, this Report. 
❖ 
000 "'""~ ""'"" u.,, a, '"'"" "~"" '''"'"" """'""' ' n,m, ""' u., "~"" '"· "'" "''· " a -··" a .,0 '"'" a a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firm ...-·· 
·.:. 
Head Office: The Ruby, Level 9, North West Wing, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai 400028, INDIA ;;:.~.,. 
81adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
A summary of the analysis is presented in the accompanying Report, as well as description of the 
methodology and procedure we used, and the factors we considered in formulating our opinion. 
We believe that our analysis must be considered as a whole. Selecting portion of our analysis or the 
factors we considered, without considering all factors and analysis together could create a misleading 
view of the process underlying the valuation conclusions. The preparation of valuation is a complex 
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Any attempt to do 
so could lead to undue emphasis on any particular factor or analysis. 
This letter should be read in conjunction with the attached report. 
For BDO Valuation Advisory LLP 
IBBI Regn No.: IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103 
VRN Number: IOVRVF/8DO/2024-2025/4417 
Name: Mandar Vikas Gadkari 
Designation: Partner 
IBBI Regn No.: IBBI/RV/06/2018/10500 
Encl.: As Above 
Page 3 of 20 
82
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
IBDO 
Table of Contents 
Sr. No. Particulars Pa e No. 
Brief Background of the Companies 5 
2 Purpose of Valuation 7 
3 Terms of Engagement 7 
4 Caveats, Limitations and Disclaimers 8 
5 Source of Information 12 
6 Procedures Adopted 13 
7 Valuation Approaches 14 
8 Conclusion on Valuation Approach 16 
9 Basis of Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio 18 
10 Major Factors that were considered during valuation 18 
11 Conclusion 19 adani 
Cement 
Page 4 of 20 
83adani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
1. Brief Background of the Companies 
Ambuja Cements Limited (' ACL' or the 'Transferee Company') 
1.1. Ambuja Cements Limited (CIN: L26942GJ1981 PLC004717) is a public limited company incorporated 
under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, 
Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat -382 421, India. 
1.2. The Transferee Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing cement and cement related 
products. 
1.3. The equity shares of ACL are listed on BSE Limited ('BSE') and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited ('NSE'). BSE and NSE shall collectively be referred as 'Stock Exchanges'. The global 
depository receipts issued by the Transferee Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
1.4. The authorised share capital and the issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital of ACL, as 
on November 30, 2024 was as follows: 
Particulars INR Mn 
Authorised Share Capital 
40,017,500,000 equity shares of INR 2/-each 
150,000,000 preference shares of INR 10/-each 
Total 
Issued Share Capital 
2,463,449, 998• equity shares of INR 2/-each 
Subscribed & Fully Paid-up Share Capital 
2,463, 123,478* equity shares of INR 2/-each# 
Total 
Source : Management of ACL 80,035.0 
1,500.0 
81,535.0 
4,926.9 
4,926.2 
4,926.2 
* As per information provided by the management of ACL, The issued and paid-up share capital 
includes 13,39,841 equity shares represented by 13,39,841 global depository receipts as on 
November 30, 2024. 
# The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, subscribed and paid-up capital is on 
account of past issuance of right shares which are in abeyance. 
1. 5. The summarized shareholding pattern of ACL as on September 30, 2024, is as follows: 
Shareholder Category No. of Equity Shares % Holding 
I. Promoter and Promoter Group 1,66,33,81,052 67.57% 
II. Public 79,84,02,585 32.43% 
II. Public (GDRs -No voting rights)* 13,39,841 0.00% 
Total 2,46,31,23,478 100.00% 
84
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
*It represents 13,39,841 non promoter, non-public shares (GDR) which does not have voting rights. 
Source: Management of ACL 
1 .6. The Transferee Company is the holding company of the Transferor Company and as of November 
30, 2024, holds 58.08% of the paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company. 
The Transferee Company is designated as the Promoter with sole management control by the 
Transferor Company on BSE and NSE. 
Sanghi Industries Limited ('SIL' or the 'Transferor Company') 
1.7. Sanghi Industries Limited (CIN: L 18209TG1985PLC005581) is a public limited company incorporated 
under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at Sanghinagar P 0, Hayath nagar 
Mandal, R. R District, Hyderabad 501511, Telangana, India. We understand that application for 
transfer of Registered Office is submitted to ROC. 
1.8. The Transferor Company is mainly engaged in the business of manufacturing cement and cement 
products. 
1. 9. The equity shares of the Transferor Company are listed on the BSE and NSE. 
1.10. The authorised share capital and the issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital of SIL, as 
on November 30, 2024, was as follows: 
Particulars INR Mn 
Authorised Share Capital 
350,000,000 equity shares of INR 10/-each 
220,00,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10/-each 
Total 
Issued, Subscribed ft Fully Paid-up Share Capital 
258,326,000 equity shares of INR 10/-each 
220,00,00,000 -8% non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference 
shares of Rs. 10/ • each fully paid-up 
Total 
Source : Management of SIL 3,500.0 
22,000.0 
25,500.0 
2,583.3 
22,000.0 
24,583.3 
1.11. We have been informed by the management and representatives of SIL that there has been no 
change in the above share capital of SIL from November 30, 2024, till the date of issuance of this 
Report. 
1.12. As per the annual report of SIL for FY 2023-24, Post the acquisition, the Company has entered into 
a Master Supply Agreement and Master Service Agreement (collectively referred to as "MSA") with 
ACL and ACC Limited (' ACC' ). The MSA covers the purchase/sale of raw materials, spare parts, and 
Page 6 of 20 Cement 
85adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
availing/rendering of services. Under the MSA, ACL and ACC will bulk purchase clinker and cement 
produced by the Company, which will be sold under the Ambuja/ ACC brand. 
2. Purpose of Valuation 
2.1. The management of SIL/ ACL has informed us that they are proposing merger of SIL with and into 
ACL in accordance with the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 or any 
statutory modifications , re-enactment or amendments thereof for the time being in force read 
with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, as amended 
from time to time and all other applicable provisions , if any, of the Act and any other applicable 
law for the time being in force including the applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India ( 'SEBI') Guidelines and the rules. 
2.2. In this regard, we have been appointed to undertake the valuation to recommend the fair equity 
share exchange ratio for merger of SIL with and into ACL as per the Proposed Scheme ('Purpose '). 
2.3. The Appointed Date for the Scheme is April 01, 2024. 
2.4. Further, we understand that by way of separate schemes of amalgamation , it is proposed 
(a) to merge Adani Cementation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of Adani Enterprises Limited) 
with the Transferee Company ('Adani Cementation Merger Scheme') ; and 
(b) to merge Penna Cement Industries Limited (a subsidiary of the Transferee Company) with the 
Transferee Company (•Penna Cement Merger Scheme'). 
3. Terms of Engagement 
Context and Purpose 
3.1. BDO Val has been appointed to determine the fair equity share exchange ratio for the Proposed 
Scheme of Arrangement as mentioned in para 2.1 and 2.2 of this Report. This valuation exercise 
and Valuation Report are solely for the purpose mentioned in the Report. 
Restricted Audience 
3.2. This Report and the information contained herein are absolutely confidential and are intended for 
the use of the Client only for submitting to the statutory authorities for compliance under section 
sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable 
provisions and circular issued by SEBI applicable to the Proposed Scheme. The results of our 
valuation analysis and our Report cannot be used or relied by the Companies for any other purpose 
or by any other party for any purpose whatsoever . 
3.3. This Report will be placed before the Audit Committee/Independent Director's committee/ the 
Board of Directors of SIL and intended only for their sole use and information only. To the extent 
mandatorily required under applicable laws of India, this Report maybe produced before judicial, 
regulatory or government authorities, in connection with the Proposed Scheme. We are not 
Page 7 of 20 
86
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBD 
responsible to any other person or party, for any decision of such person or party based on this 
Report. Any person or party intending to provide finance/ invest in the shares/ business of the 
Companies or their holding companies, subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures shall do so after 
seeking their own professional advice and after carrying out their own due diligence procedures to 
ensure that they are making an informed decision. If any person/ party (other than the Client) 
chooses to place reliance upon any matters included in the Report, they shall do so at their own 
risk and without recourse to BDO Val. 
3.4. It is hereby notified that usage, reproduction, distribution, circulation, copying or otherwise 
quoting of this Report or any part thereof, except for the purpose as set out earlier in this Report, 
without our prior written consent, is not permitted, unless there is a statutory or a regulatory 
requirement to do so. 
3.5. Without limiting the foregoing, we understand that the Client may be required to share this Report 
with regulatory or judicial authorities including Stock Exchanges, SEBI, Regional Director, Registrar 
of Companies, National Company Law Tribunal, professional advisors of the Client including 
merchant banker providing fairness opinion on the fair equity share exchange ratio, in connection 
with the Proposed Scheme ('Permitted Recipients'). We hereby give consent to such disclosure of 
this Report, on the basis that we owe responsibility only to the Client that has engaged us, under 
the terms of the engagement, and no other person; and that, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, we accept no responsibility or liability to any other party, in connection with this Report. It 
is clarified that reference to this Report in any document and/or filing with Permitted Recipients, 
in connection with the Proposed Scheme, shall not be deemed to be an acceptance by us of any 
responsibility or liability to any person/ party other than the Client. 
4. Caveats, Limitations and Disclaimers 
4.1. This Report is to be read in totality, and not in parts, in conjunction with the relevant documents 
referred to therein. 
4.2. This Report, its contents, and the analysis herein are specific to (i) the purpose of valuation agreed 
as per the terms of our engagement, (ii) the Report date and (iii) based on the data detailed in the 
section -Sources of Information. The management of the Companies have represented that the 
business activities of the Companies have been carried out in the normal and ordinary course till 
the Report date and that no material changes are expected in their respective operations and 
financial position to occur up to the Report date. 
4.3. We were provided with sufficient information and time to make our opinion for this valuation 
exercise. However, our opinion may change if any material information is not disclosed / hidden 
from us during our valuation exercise. 
4.4. The scope of the assignment did not include performing audit tests for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the fairness or accuracy of any financial or analytical information that was used 
Page 8 of 20 
87adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
during the course of the work. Accordingly, we express no audit opinion or any other form of 
assurance on this information on behalf of the Companies. The assignment did not involve us to 
conduct the financial or technical feasibility study. We have not done any independent technical 
valuation or appraisal or due diligence or legal title search of the assets or liabilities of the 
Companies and have considered them at the value as disclosed by the Companies in their regulatory 
filings or in submissions, oral or written, made to us. 
4.5. Further, this valuation Report is based on the extant regulatory environment and the financial, 
economic, monetary and business/market conditions, and the information made available to us or 
used by us up to the date hereof, which are dynamic in nature and may change in future, thereby 
impacting the valuation of the Companies. Subsequent developments in the aforementioned 
conditions may affect this Report and the assumptions made in preparing this Report and we shall 
not be obliged to update, review or reaffirm this Report if the information provided to us changes. 
Further events occurring after the date hereof may affect this Report and the assumptions used in 
preparing it, and we do not assume any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this Report. 
4.6. We have no present or planned future interest in the Companies or any of their group entities. 
4. 7. The recommendation contained herein is not intended to represent value at any time other than 
the Valuation Date. 
4.8. This Report is subject to the laws of India. 
4. 9. The fee for this engagement is not contingent upon the outcome of the Report. 
4.10. Any discrepancies in any table I annexure between the total and the sums of the amounts listed 
are due to rounding-off. 
4.11. In rendering this Report, we have not provided legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or actuarial advice 
and accordingly we do not assume any responsibility or liability in respect thereof. 
4.12. This Report is based on the information received from the sources mentioned herein and discussions 
with the representatives of the Companies. We have assumed that no information has been 
withheld that could have influenced the purpose of our Report. 
4.13. We have assumed and relied upon the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, data 
and financial terms provided to us or used by us, we have assumed that the same are not misleading 
and do not assume or accept any liability or responsibility for any independent verification of such 
information or any independent technical valuation or appraisal of any of the assets, operations or 
liabilities of the Companies. Nothing has come to our knowledge to indicate that the material 
provided to us was mis-stated or incorrect or would not afford reasonable grounds upon which to 
base our Report. 
4.14. For the present valuation exercise, we have also relied upon information available in the public 
domain; however, the accuracy and timeliness of the same has not been independently verified by 
us. 
Page 9 of 20 
88
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
4.15. In addition, we do not take any responsibility for any changes in the information used by us to 
arrive at our conclusion as set out here in which may occur subsequent to the date of our Report 
or by virtue of fact that the details provided to us are incorrect or inaccurate. 
4.16. We have arrived at a relative value based on our analysis. Any transaction price may however be 
significantly different and would depend on the negotiating ability and motivations of the 
respective buyers and sellers in the transaction. 
4.17. Our scope is limited to recommendation of fair equity share exchange ratio. The Report should not 
be construed as, our opinion or certifying the compliance of the Proposed Scheme with the 
provisions of any law including the Companies Act 2013, Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, 
taxation related laws, capital market related laws, any accounting , taxation or legal implications 
or issues arising from Proposed Scheme. 
4.18. The Report assumes that the Companies comply fully with relevant laws and regulations applicable 
in all their areas of operation unless otherwise stated and that the Companies will be managed in 
competent and responsible manner. Further, except as specifically stated to the contrary, this 
Report has given no consideration to matters of legal nature, including issues of legal title and 
compliance with local laws, litigation and other contingent liabilities that are not recorded in the 
financial statements of the Companies. 
4.19. This Report does not look into the business/commercial reasons behind the Proposed Scheme nor 
the likely benefits arising out of the same. Similarly, it does not address the relative merits of the 
Proposed Scheme as compared with any other alternative business transaction or any other 
alternatives, whether or not such alternatives could be achieved or are available. The assessment 
of commercial and investment merits in the Companies is sole responsibility of the investors of the 
Companies and we don't express opinion on the suitability or otherwise of entering into any 
financial or other transactions with the Companies. 
4.20. Valuation and determination of a fair equity share exchange ratio is not a precise science and the 
conclusions arrived at in many cases will be subjective and dependent on the exercise of individual 
judgment. There is therefore no indisputable single value. While we have provided an assessment 
of the value based on an analysis of information available to us and within the scope of our 
engagement, others may place a different opinion. 
4.21. Whilst we have conducted analysis of the financial projections of the Companies, for arithmetic 
and logical consistency , our review was not in the nature of an audit/ due diligence. We do not 
express an opinion as to how closely the actual revenues, expenses, cash flows and position of 
assets and liabilities will correspond to these financial projections. There will usually be 
differences between predicted and actual results and those differences may be material. The 
Clients have provided us with a set of financial projections that are based on internal estimates 
including growth expectations of end user industries, cost estimations, etc. and represent their 
best estimate of the expected performance of the Companies going forward. We take no 
responsibility for the achievement of the predicted results. 
Page 10 of 20 
89adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
4.22. Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the factual statements in the Report are 
accurate, neither us, nor any of our partners, officers or employees shall in any way be liable or 
responsible either directly or indirectly for the contents stated herein. Accordingly, we make no 
repres_entation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the completeness, authenticity or 
accuracy of such factual statements. We expressly disclaim any and all liabilities, which may arise 
based upon the information used in this Report. 
4.23. We owe responsibility to only the Board of Directors of the Client and nobody else. We will not be 
liable for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising out of the actions taken, omissions of or 
advice given by any other party to the Companies. In no event shall we be liable for any loss, 
damages, cost or expenses arising in any way from fraudulent acts, misrepresentations or willful 
default on part of the Companies, their directors, employees or agents. In the particular 
circumstances of this case, our liability, if any (in contract or under statute or otherwise) for any 
economic loss or damage arising out of or in connection with this engagement, howsoever the loss 
or damage caused, shall be limited to the amount of fees actually received by us from the Client 
as laid out in the engagement letter, for such valuation work. 
4.24. We do not accept any liability to any third party in relation to the issue of this Report. It is 
understood that this analysis does not represent a fairness opinion. This Report is not a substitute 
for the third party's own due diligence/ appraisal/ enquiries/ independent advice that the third 
party should undertake for his purpose. 
4.25. This Report does not in any manner address the prices at which equity shares of the Companies 
will trade following the announcement and/or implementation of the Proposed Scheme and we 
express no opinion or recommendation as to how the shareholders of the Companies should vote 
at the shareholders' meeting(s) to be held in connection with the Proposed Scheme. 
4.26. The recommendation(s) rendered in this report only represent our recommendation(s) based upon 
information furnished by the Companies (or its representatives) and other sources and the said 
recommendation(s) shall be considered to be in the nature of non-binding advice, (our 
recommendation will however not be used for advising anybody to take buy or sell decision, for 
which specific opinion needs to be taken from expert advisors). 
Page 11 of 20 
90
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
5. Sources of Information 
5.1. For the purpose of undertaking this valuation exercise, we have relied on the following sources of 
information provided by the management and representatives of the Companies/ available in 
public domain: 
Detailed business profile and information of current business operations of the Companies; 
Audited financial statements of the Companies for the year ended March 31, 2024; 
Limited review financial statements of SIL as on September 30, 2024; 
Limited review consolidated financial statements of ACL as on September 30, 2024; 
Latest shareholding details of ACL and SIL; 
MSA entered into by SIL with ACL and ACC; 
Income Tax Returns of ACL and SIL for the Assessment Year 2024-25; 
Relevant data and information provided to us by the management and representatives of 
the Client either in written or oral form or in form of soft copy and information available 
in public domain; 
Information provided by leading database sources (proprietary databases subscribed by us 
or our network firm), market research reports and other published data (including the Stock 
Exchanges); and 
Draft of Proposed Scheme. 
5.2. We have also obtained the explanations, information and representations, which we believed were 
reasonably necessary and relevant for our exercise from the Management of the Companies. Client 
has been provided with the opportunity to review the draft Report (excluding the recommended 
Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio) as part of our standard practice to make sure that factual 
inaccuracies/ omissions are avoided in our final Report. 
5.3. The management of Companies has informed us that there would be no significant variation 
between the draft Scheme and the final scheme approved and submitted with the relevant 
authorities. 
Page 12 of 20 
91adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
6. Procedures Adopted 
6.1. Procedures used in our analysis included such substantive steps as we considered necessary under 
the circumstances, including but not limited to the following: 
Requested and received financial information; 
Obtained data available in public domain; 
Undertook industry analysis such as researching publicly available market data including 
economic factors and industry trends that may impact the valuation; 
Detailed analysis of comparable companies for the business similar to the Companies; 
Discussions (over call/emails/conferences) with the management of the Companies to 
understand the business and fundamental factors; 
Selection of valuation methodology/(ies) as per International Valuation Standards, 2022 
and the internationally accepted valuation methodologies; 
Determined the fair equity share exchange ratio on relative basis using the selected 
methodology. 
For the purpose of arriving at the valuation of the Companies we have considered the valuation 
base as 'Fair Value' and the premise of value is 'going concern'. Any change in the valuation base, 
or the premise could have significant impact on our valuation exercise, and therefore, this report. 
6.2. Client has informed us that, Vivro Financial Services Private Limited ("Fairness Opinion provider") 
has been appointed to provide fairness opinion on the recommended Fair Equity Share Exchange 
Ratio for the purpose of aforementioned Proposed Scheme. Further at the request of the Client, 
we have had discussions with the Fairness Opinion provider on the valuation approach adopted and 
assumptions made by us. 
6.3. As stated earlier, our scope is to undertake relative (and not absolute) valuation of the equity 
shares of the Companies and recommend fair share exchange ratio for the merger as per the 
Proposed Scheme. Upon request of the Client, we had discussion with respect to the findings, 
methodology and approach with other valuer, GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, a Registered 
Valuer (IBBI Registration No IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134 , engaged by ACL to arrive at the consensus on 
the fair equity share exchange ratio. 
6.4. While we have independently carried out the valuation of the Companies for recommending the 
fair share exchange ratio, appropriate averaging and round off in values have been carried to arrive 
at consensus on the fair share exchange ratio. 
Page 13 of 20 
92
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
7. Valuation Approaches 
7.1. It is pertinent to note that the valuation of any company or its assets is inherently imprecise and 
is subject to certain uncertainties and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict and are 
beyond our control. In performing our analysis, we made numerous assumptions with respect to 
industry performance and general business and economic conditions, many of which are beyond 
the control of the companies. In addition, this valuation will fluctuate with changes in prevailing 
market conditions, and prospects, financial and otherwise, of the companies/businesses, and other 
factors which generally influence the valuation of the companies, its businesses and assets. 
7.2. The application of any particular method of valuation depends on the purpose for which the 
valuation is done. Although different values may exist for different purposes, it cannot be too 
strongly emphasized that a valuer can only arrive at one value for one purpose. Our choice of 
methodology of valuation has been arrived at using usual and conventional methodologies adopted 
for transactions of a similar nature and our reasonable judgment, analysis of businesses, in an 
independent and bona fide manner based on our previous experience of assignments of similar 
nature. 
7.3. It may be noted that BDO Val is enrolled with IOV Registered Valuers Foundation, which has 
recommended to follow International Valuation Standards ("IVS") for undertaking valuation and 
accordingly we have considered . the International Valuation Standards issued by International 
Valuation Standards Council ('IVSC') in carrying out the valuation exercise. 
7.4. Valuation date is December 16, 2024 (Valuation Date'). For valuation exercise, market parameters 
have been considered up to and including December 16, 2024. 
7.5. There are three generally accepted approaches to valuation: 
(a) "Asset" / "Cost" Approach 
(b) "Income" Approach 
(c) "Market" Approach 
Within these three basic approaches, several methods may be used to estimate the value. An 
overview of these approaches is as follows: 
Asset / Cost Approach 
Summation Method 
The summation method, also referred to as the underlying asset method, is typically used for 
investment companies or other types of assets or entities for which value is primarily a factor of 
the values of their holdings. 
This valuation approach is mainly used in case where the assets base dominates earnings capability. 
Page 14 of 20 
93adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBD 
Income Approach 
The income approach is widely used for valuation under "Going Concern" basis. It focuses on the 
income generated by the company in the past as well as its future earning capability. The 
Discounted Cash Flow Method under the income approach seeks to arrive at a valuation based on 
the strength of future cash flows. 
Discounted Cash Flow Method 
Under the Discounted Cash Flow ('DCF') method, the value of the undertaking is based on expected 
'cash flows for future, discounted at a rate, which reflects the expected returns and the risks 
associated with the cash flows as against its accounting profits. The value of the undertaking is 
determined as the present value of its future free cash flows. 
Free cash flows are discounted for the explicit forecast period and the perpetuity value thereafter. 
Free cash flows represent the cash available for distribution to both, the owners and creditors of 
the business. 
Discount rate is the Weighted Average Cost of Capital ('WACC'), based on an optimal vis-a-vis 
actual capital structure. It is appropriate rate of discount to calculate the present value of future 
cash flows as it considers equity-debt risk and also debt-equity ratio of the firm. 
The perpetuity (terminal) value can be either calculated based on the business's potential for 
further growth beyond the explicit forecast period. The "constant growth model" is applied, which 
implies an expected constant level of growth (for perpetuity) in the cash flows over the last year 
of the forecast period, or it can also be calculated using the exit multiple at the end of the explicit 
period. 
The discounting factor (rate of discounting the future cash flows) reflects not only the time value 
of money, but also the risk associated with the business's future operations. 
The Business/Enterprise Value so derived, is further reduced by value of debt, if any, (net of cash 
and cash equivalents) to arrive at value to the owners of business. The surplus assets / non· 
operating assets are also adjusted. 
In case of free cash flows to equity, the cash available for distribution to owners of the business is 
discounted at the Cost of Equity and the value so arrived is the Equity Value before surplus/ non· 
operating assets. The surplus assets I non-operating assets are further added to arrive at the Equity 
Value. 
Market Approach 
Under the Market approach, the valuation is based on the market value of the company in case of 
listed companies and comparable companies trading or transaction multiples for unlisted 
companies. The Market approach generally reflects the investors· perception about the true worth 
of the company. 
Page 15 of 20 Cement 
94
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
i. Market Price Method 
Under this method, the market price of an equity shares of the company as quoted on a recognized 
stock exchange is normally considered as the fair value of the equity shares of that company where 
such quotations are arising from the trading. The market value reflects the investors' perception 
about the true worth of the company. 
ii. Comparable Companies Multiple Method 
Under the Comparable Companies Multiple ('CCM') method, the value is determined on the basis 
of multiples derived from valuations of comparable companies, as manifest through stock market 
valuations of listed companies. This valuation is based on the principle that market valuations, 
taking place between informed buyers and informed sellers, incorporate all factors relevant to 
valuation. Relevant multiples need to be chosen carefully and adjusted for differences between 
the circumstances. 
To the value of the business so arrived, adjustments need to be made for the value of contingent 
assets/liabilities, surplus Asset and dues payable to preference shareholders , if any, in order to 
arrive at the value for equity shareholders. 
iii. Comparable Transactions Multiple Method 
Under the Comparable Transactions Multiple ('CTM') method, the value of a company can be 
estimated by analyzing the prices paid by purchasers of similar companies under similar 
circumstances. This is a valuation method where one will be comparing recent market transactions 
in order to gauge current valuation of target company. Relevant multiples have to be chosen 
carefully and adjusted for differences between the circumstances. This valuation approach is based 
on the principle that market valuations , taking place between informed buyers and informed 
sellers, incorporate all factors relevant to valuation. 
8. Conclusion on Valuation Approach 
8.1. In order to consider reasonable methods for the valuation exercise, we have referred to the 
International Valuation Standards and the specific information/explanations available of ACL and 
SIL. We have considered the following respective methods for the valuation: 
8.2. Cost Approach: In a 'going concern' scenario, for an operating entity, the earning power, as 
reflected under the Income and Market approaches, are of greater importance to the basis of 
amalgamation, than the value arrived on the net asset basis, which is of limited relevance. 
Therefore, we have not considered Asset / Cost approach for valuation since the asset / cost 
approach does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business operations in a "going concern 
scenario". 
Page 16 of 20 
95adani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
8.3. Income Approach: Discounted Cash Flow Metho_d under the Income Approach has been considered 
based on the forecast financial statements provided to us. 
8.4. Market Approach: 
8.4.1. In the present case, the shares of ACL are listed on the Stock Exchanges, and there are regular 
transactions in their equity shares with reasonable volumes on BSE and NSE. Hence Market Price 
Method under the Market Approach has been considered for valuation of ACL. The volume 
weighted average share price observed on NSE (due to higher volumes on NSE) for ACL over a 
reasonable period has been considered for determining value under the market price 
methodology. 
8.4.2. Comparable Companies Multiple Method ("CCM") is also used for determining and arriving at the 
fair value of ACL, since there are comparable companies operating in similar businesses in India. 
We have selected comparable companies and the multiples based on business description, size, 
profitability, etc. in comparison with ACL. 
SIL 
8.5. Cost Approach : In a 'going concern' scenario, for an operating entity, the earning power, as 
reflected under the Income and Market approaches, are of greater importance to the basis of 
amalgamation, than the value arrived on the net asset basis, which is of limited relevance. 
Therefore, we have not considered Asset I Cost approach for valuation since the asset I cost 
approach does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business operations in a "going concern 
scenario". 
8.6. Income Approach: Discounted Cash Flow Method under the Income Approach has been considered 
based on the forecast financial statements provided to us. 
8. 7. Market Approach: 
8.7.1. In the present case, the shares of SIL are listed on the Stock Exchanges and there are regular 
transactions in their equity shares with reasonable volumes on BSE and NSE. Hence Market Price 
Method under the Market Approach has been considered for valuation of SIL. The volume 
weighted average share price observed on NSE (due to higher volumes on NSE) for SIL over a 
reasonable period has been considered for determining value under the market price 
methodology. 
8.7.2. Considering the MSA signed by SIL with ACL and ACC as mentioned above, we have used 
EV /capacity based multiple using Comparable Transactions Multiple Method ("CTM") based on 
the comparable companies operating with similar capacity in India. 
Page 17 of 20 
96
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Summary of Valuation Approaches Considered: 
Name of the Companies Methods Adopted 
ACL 
SIL DCF Method 
Market Price Method 
CCMMethod 
DCF Method 
Market Price Method 
CTM Method 
9. Basis of Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio 
9.1. The basis of the fair equity share exchange ratio for the Proposed Scheme would have to be 
determined after taking into consideration all the factors and methods mentioned hereinabove and 
to arrive at a final value for the shares of each company. It is, however, important to note that in 
doing so, we are not attempting to arrive at the absolute values of the Companies, but at their 
relative values to facilitate the determination of the fair equity share exchange ratio. 
9.2. We have independently applied methods discussed above, as considered appropriate, and arrived 
at our assessment of value per share of the Companies. To arrive at the consensus on the fair equity 
share exchange ratio for the Proposed Scheme, rounding off have been done in the values. 
9.3. The fair equity share exchange ratio has been arrived at on the basis of a relative valuation based 
on the various approaches/methods explained herein earlier and various qualitative factors 
relevant to each Company and the business dynamics and growth potentials of the businesses, 
having regard to information base, key underlying assumptions and limitations. For this purpose, 
we have assigned appropriate weights to the values arrived at under each approach/ method. 
10. Major factors that were considered during the valuation 
10.1. The equity shares of ACL and SIL are listed on the Stock Exchanges; 
10.2. Key operating/ financial parameters of ACL and SIL; 
10.3. Nature of operations of ACL and SIL; 
10.4. MSA entered into by SIL with ACL and ACC; 
10. 5. Business Projections of SIL and ACL. 
Page 18 of 20 Cement 
97adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
11. Conclusion 
11.1. In the ultimate analysis, valuation will have to involve the exercise of judicious discretion and 
judgment taking into account all the relevant factors. There will always be several factors, e.g., 
present and prospective competition , yield on comparable securities and market sentiments etc. 
which are not evident from the face of the balance sheets, but which will strongly influence the 
worth of a share. This concept is also recognized in judicial decisions. For example, Viscount Simon 
Bd in Gold Coast Selection Trust Ltd. vs. Humphrey reported in 30 TC 209 (House of Lords) and 
quoted with approval by the Honorable Supreme Court of India in the case reported in 176 ITR 417 
as under: 
"ff the asset takes the form of fully paid shares, the valuation will take into account not only the 
terms of the agreement but a number of other factors, such as prospective yield, marketability, 
the general outlook for the type of business of the company which has allotted the shares, the 
result of a contemporary prospectus offering similar shares for subscription, the capital position 
of the company, so forth. There may also be an element of value in the fact that the holding of 
the shares gives control of the company. ff the asset is difficult to value, but is nonetheless of a 
money value, the best valuation possible must be made. Valuation is an art, not an exact science. 
Mathematical certainty is not demanded , nor indeed is it possible". 
11.2. As discussed earlier, for the present valuation exercise, we have considered it appropriate to use 
DCF Method, Market Price method and Comparable Companies Multiple method for valuation of 
ACL and DCF Method, Market Price method and Comparable Transactions Multiple method for 
valuation of SIL to arrive at the recommended fair equity share exchange ratio for amalgamation 
of SIL with ACL as follows: 
ACL SIL 
Valuation Approach Valuation Method value Per Value Per 
Weights Weights 
Share (INR) Share (INR) 
Cost Approach 1 Summation Method NA NA NA NA 
Income Approach 2 DCF Method 713.8 50% 78.5 50% 
Market Approach 3 MP Method 580.4 25% 85.4 25% 
Market Approach 4 CTM Method NA NA 77.6 25% 
Market Approach 5 CCM Method 644.9 25% NA NA 
Relative Value Per Share 663.2 80.0 
Share Exchange Ratio I I 
12 100 
{Rounded Off) 
~ - - --------- - --
NA means Not Adopted I Not Applicable. 
Page 19 of 20 
98
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
1. Since Summation Method under 'Cost Approach ' does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business of 
the Companies in a 'going concern scenario', we have not considered Asset I Cost Approach for this 
valuation exercise. 
2. Discounted Cash Flow Method ("DCF") under the Income Approach has been considered for valuation of 
the Companies as the true worth of their businesses would be reflected in their future earnings potential. 
3. ACL and SIL are listed on NSE and BSE. However, it is traded in high volumes on NSE, hence, we have 
considered market price on NS£ for valuing ACL and SIL. We have considered 90 trading days' VWAP. 
4. SIL: Under Market Approach , we have considered Comparable Transactions Multiple ('CTM') Method being 
the most appropriate method. 
5. ACL: Under Market Approach, we have considered Comparable Companies' Multiple ('CCM') Method being 
the most appropriate method. 
11.3. Following is the recommended Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio: 
12 equity shares of Ambuja Cements Limited (of INR 2/-each fully paid up) for every 100 equity 
shares held in Sanghi Industries Limited (of INR 10/-each fully paid up). Cement 
Page 20 of 20 
99adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
IBDO 
Valuation Annexure to 
Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio 
in relation to the 
'Scheme of Arrangement' 
December 2024 adani 
___ c _e.ment 
100
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement 
IBDO 
Ref. No.: MG/Dec17-235A/2024 
To 
The Board of Directors of 
Sanghi Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: Tel: •91 22 6974 0300 
www.bdo.in 
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi 
Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad -382 421, 
Gujarat, India. 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), HO 
The Ruby, Level 9, North West Wing 
Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), 
Mumbai 400028, INDIA 
December 17, 2024 adani 
Cement 
This is with reference to the report issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP ('BDO Val' or 'Us') bearing LLP 
identity no. AAN 9463, dated December 17, 2024 with Ref. No. MG/Dec17-235/2024 ('Report'). Please 
find enclosed relevant computations based on which our recommendation for the fair equity share 
exchange ratio for amalgamation of Sanghi Industries Limited ('SIL' or 'Transferor Company') with and 
into Ambuja Cements Limited ('ACL' or 'Transferee Company') on a going concern basis, as per the 
Proposed Scheme of Arrangement between SIL and ACL and their respective shareholders under sections 
230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and other applicable provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder (the 'Proposed Scheme'). 
In this connection, we mention that the computations enclosed herewith need to be viewed in 
conjunction with the Report and the documents referred to in the Report. 
The recommendation of the fair equity share exchange ratio for the merger is arrived on the approach 
and methodology detailed in the Report and various qualitative factors relevant to each specific company 
having regard to the information, management representations, key underlying assumptions and 
limitations as referred in the Report. 
For BDO Valuation Advisory LLP 
IBBI Regn No.: IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103 
Q~· ~~ 
VRN: IOVRVF/BD0/2024-2025/4417 
Name: Mandar Vikas Gadkari 
Designation: Partner 
IBBI Regn No.: IBBI/RV /0&/2018/10500 
BOO Valuation Advisory LLP, an Indian limited liability partnership firm, with LLP Identity No. AAN 9463, is a member of BOO International Limited, 
a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms. 
Head Office: The Ruby, Level 9, North West Win!!, Senapatl Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai 400028, INDIA 
101adani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
Annexure 1: Summary of Valuation Approaches & Methodologies used for the Valuation Exercise 
---
ACL Sil 
Valuation Approach Valuation Method Value Per Value Per 
Weights Weights 
Share (INR) Share (INR) 
Cost Approach 1 Jsummation Method NA 
Income Approach 2 DCF Method 
Market Approach 3 IMP Method 
Market Approach 4 CTM Method 
Market Approach 5 F~M Method 
NA means Not Adopted I Not Applicable. NA 
78.5 
85.4 
77.6 
NA NA 
50% 
25% 
25% 
NA 
1. Since Summation Method under 'Cost Approach' does not reflect the intrinsic value of the business of 
the Companies in a 'going concern scenario', we have not considered Asset I Cost Approach for this 
valuation exercise. 
l. Discounted Cash Flow Method ("DCF") under the Income Approach has been considered for valuation of 
the Companies as the true worth of their businesses would be reflected in their future earnings potential. 
3. ACL and SIL are listed on NSE and BSE. However, it is frequently traded with higher trading volumes on 
NSE, hence, we have considered market price on NSE for valuing ACL and SIL. We have considered 90 
trading days' VWAP. 
4. SIL: Under Market Approach, we have considered Comparable Transactions Multiple ('CTM ') Method being 
the most appropriate method. 
5. ACL: Under Market Approach, we have considered Comparable Companies' Multiple ('CCM ') Method being 
the most appropriate method. 
Following is the recommended Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio: 
"1Z equity shares of Ambuja Cements Limited (of INR 2/ • each fully paid up) for every 100 equity 
shares held in Sanghi Industries Limited (of INR 101· each fully paid up)." 
Strictly Confidential Page 3 of 11 
102
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Annexure 2: Valuation of ACL as per DCF Method: 
The future financial projection of ACL is based on the information provided by the Management. The 
future earning capability of the business is important; therefore, we have considered DCF method under 
Income Approach. 
Computation of Equity Value of ACL as per DCF Method 
. Amount 
Particulars (INR Mn) 
Net Present value (NPV) of Cash flow for the explicit period 
Add: NPV of Terminal value 
Enterprise Value 
Add: Cash & Cash Equivalents 
Add: Investments 
Add: Fixed Deposits & Interest Accrued 
Add: Non-current assets classified as held for sale 
Add: Non-current tax assets (net) 
Add: Fair value of stake in JV & Associates 
Less: Debt (including Lease liabilities) 
Less: Fair Value of NCI 
Less: Contingent Liabilities 
Less: Unpaid Dividends 
Fair Equity Value 
No. of equity shares outstanding (In Mn) 
Fair Equity Value per Share (INR) 1,48,755.3 
17,47, 110.7 
18, 95,866.0 
66,665.4 
21,663.7 
15,153.7 
230.0 
12,658.7 
464.1 
(7,792.4) 
(2,24,908.7) 
(21,310.1) 
(470.7) 
17,58,219.7 
2,463.1 
713.8 
The Fair Equity value per Share of ACL as per the DCF method is INR 713.8 per share. 
Annexure 3: Valuation of ACL as per Market Price Method 
In the present case, the share price of ACL on the NSE has been considered, as the trading volumes are 
higher at NSE as compared to BSE. 
In the present case, the market price of ACL has been considered based on last 90 trading days Volume 
Weighted Average Price ('VWAP') on NSE upto December 16, 2024 (Refer Table below). 
90 trading days VWAP 
Date I VWAP (INR) Volume~- -~n 11!-n:-Turnover (INR) 
16-Dec-24 574.5 11,21,729 64,44, 11,677.3 
13-Dec-24 571.0 22,66,790 1,29,42,31,620.3 
12-Dec-24 574.1 23,04,456 1,32,28,82 ,398. 7 
11-Dec-24 578.8 26,70,785 1,54,57,98,390.9 
10-Dec-24 571.4 10,86,918 62, 10,20,619.6 
09-Dec-24 571.7 11,56,965 66, 14,08,426.3 
06-Dec-24 567.5 8,55,417 48,54,03 ,031.2 
05-Dec-24 569.9 30,51,624 1,73,89,82 ,462.7 
04-Dec-24 565.0 15,30,852 86,48, 91,689.0 
03-Dec-24 562.1 55,96,923 3, 14,58, 93,134.3 
02-Dec-24 537.3 31,53,526 1,69,44,29,026.2 
29-Nov-24 527.1 66,08,627 3,48,31, 10,755.8 
Strictly Confidential Page 4 of 11 Cement 
103adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Cement 
IBDO 
Date ! VWAP (INR) Volume Turnover (INR) 
28-Nov-24 516.2 61,94,006 3, 19,70,69,200.0 
27-Nov-24 510.7 84,58,453 4,32,00,08,252.9 
26-Nov-24 497.5 46,02,794 2,28, 96,60,450 .Z 
25-Nov-24 507.6 58,05,288 2,94,64,53,134.6 
22-Nov-24 501.0 1, 16,45,446 5,83,38,62,991.3 
21-Nov-24 475.6 3,82,74,256 18,20,24,30,916.4 
19-Nov-24 553.1 12,67, 126 70,08,25,202.2 
18-Nov-24 547.5 17,07,792 93,50,03,292. 5 
14-Nov-24 545.1 15,35,042 83,67,47,723.7 
13-Nov-24 547.2 8,38,603 45,88, 75,428.7 
12-Nov-24 559.7 7,61,982 42,64,66,111.2 
11-Nov-24 561.9 7,45, 179 41,87,43,169.2 
08-Nov-24 566.1 9,01,220 51,01, 99,601.7 
07-Nov-24 573.6 8,22,608 47, 18,32,387. 9 
06-Nov-24 579.4 28,96,209 1,67,79, 18,684.2 
06-Nov-24 581.3 16,82, 971 97,83,36,408.3 
05-Nov-24 570.4 6,25,470 35,67,78,633.5 
04-Nov-24 570.9 10,59,806 60,50,32,965.5 
01-Nov-24 583.3 2, 16,563 12,63,22,353.5 
31-0ct-24 581.8 20, 16,146 1, 17,29,21,807.3 
30-0ct-24 580.4 23,64, 199 1,37,22, 13,423.7 
29-0ct-24 573.2 24,17,223 1,38,54, 95,524.6 
28-0ct-24 570.3 64, 19,282 3,66, 10,35,054.4 
25-0ct-24 551.3 16,07,719 88,62, 51,238.8 
24-0ct-24 558.2 13,30,005 74,24,68,312. 5 
23-0ct-24 559.5 43,36,713 2,42,62,39,872.3 
22-0ct-24 565.9 55,27,745 3,12,82,87,751.7 
21-0ct-24 572.9 36,50,658 2,09, 13,33,355 . 7 
18-0ct-24 565.7 52,08,678 2,94,63,86,491.8 
17-0ct-24 579.2 34,83,057 2,01, 74,51,575.6 
16-0ct-24 582.3 2,01, 91,089 11,75,75,49,517.4 
15-0ct-24 590.2 18,05,205 1,06,53,46, 181.3 
14-0ct-24 587.7 12,02,564 70,67,66,912.6 
11-0ct-24 586.7 19,39,238 1, 13,77,60,504.2 
10-0ct-24 591.1 64, 17,410 3, 79,31,45,217. 9 
09-0ct-24 613.8 31,48,946 1, 93,28, 15,490.5 
08-0ct-24 599.0 34,81,559 2,08,56,01,683.5 
07-0ct-24 594.1 31, 95, 158 1,89,83,02 ,183.2 
04-0ct-24 613.4 15,38,542 94,37,20,258.6 
03-0ct-24 624.0 15,52,493 96,87,51,760.9 
01-0ct-24 629.2 15,08,022 94,88,18, 163.7 
30-Sep-24 637.8 42, 15,188 2,68,84,88,449.5 
27-Sep-24 632.6 38,74,843 2,45, 11,07,786.1 
26-Sep-24 619.3 19,36,586 1, 19,92,30,004,7 
25-Sep-24 613.6 14,56,337 89,36,22, 819.4 
24-Sep-24 618.9 13,09, 122 81,02,22 ,895.0 
23-Sep-24 620.9 16,01,273 99,42,03,999.2 
20-Sep-24 614.5 17,99, 104 1, 10,54,n,476.1 
19-Sep-24 607.7 25,12,582 1,52,69,04,786.8 
18-Sep-24 620.6 7,36,543 45, 70, 91,491.1 
17-Sep-24 624.0 10, 91,216 68,08, 75,855.0 
16-Sep-24 628.9 7,37,033 46,34,86,881.0 
13-Sep-24 631.2 18,98,585 1, 19,83 ,97,017.4 
Strictly Confidential Page 5 of 11 
104
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Date I VWAP (INR} Volume • Turnover (INR) 
12-Sep-24 626.0 10,52,634 65,89,60,366.3 
11-Sep-24 626-4 16,59,410 1,03,93,96,750.7 
10-Sep-24 627.7 14,66,555 92,04,78,020.4 
09-Sep-24 62.3.8 • 16,75,042 1,04,48,83, 133.3 
06-Sep-24 625.2 20,85,086 1,30,35,36,741.5 
05-Sep-24 632.9 28,34, 101 1,79,37, 19,070.5 
04-Sep-24 621.6 23,47, 174 1,45,90,49,729.2 
03-Sep-24 618.6 25,46,441 1,57,51,51,273.2 
02-Sep-24 620.0 22,24,671 1,37,92,47,353.8 
30-Aug-24 616.0 35,40, 177 2, 18,06,82,762..3 
29-Aug-24 608.6 63,01,579 3,83,54, 19,166.2 
28-Aug-24 618.7 25,70,418 1,59,03,03, 105.2 
27-Aug-24 625.9 23,74,774 1,48,64,59,2.70.1 
26-Aug-24 630.4 36,88,932. 2,32,56,09,058.2 
23-Aug-24 625.5 6,79,56,000 42.,50,64,94, 100.0 
23-Aug-24 643.7 1,43,51,644 9,23,74,06,654.3 
22-Aug-2.4 630.8 52,99,763 3,34,29, 54,964.7 
21-Aug-24 628.5 10,38,309 65,25, 95,606.6 
20-Aug-24 629,2 13,90,850 87,51,55,329.8 
19-Aug-24 636.3 9,38,492 59,71,70,340.9 
16-Aug-24 633.2 9,58,226 60,67,74,916.4 
14-Aug-24 621.6 9,30, 171 57,81,88,991.4 
13-Aug-24 630.0 13,79,099 86,88,50,674.2 
12-Aug-24 630.8 32,09,718 2,02,48,01 ,836. 7 
09-Aug-24 634.1 26,05,583 1,65,20, 98,416.6 
08-Aug-24 640.6 11,21,594 71,84,49,328.6 
07-Aug-24 643.7 22,59,244 1,45,42,08,828,6 
Total 36,87,61, 176 2, 14,04,08,47,670,4 
90 trading days VWAP (INR) 580.4 
Source: NSE 
The fair equity value per share of ACL as per market price method is arrived at INR 580.4 per share 
derived by considering VWAP for the past 90 trading days as provided in the table above. 
Annexure 4: Valuation of ACL as per CCM Method: 
Under Market Approach, we have considered CCM Method as the most appropriate method for the 
valuation of ACL. We have identified listed comparable companies based on business of each company 
and thereafter selected multiple based on business composition, trading frequency, capacity, financial 
analysis, etc. We have considered Trailing EV /EBITDA multiple of the comparable listed companies which 
has been applied on the H1 FY25 EBITDA & Present Value of H2 FY25 EBITDA of ACL to arrive at the 
Enterprise Value. 
The total Enterprise Value so derived is adjusted for debt (including lease liabilities), cash and cash 
equivalents, non-operating investments, tax assets and fair value of joint ventures and non-controlling 
interests to arrive at Equity value. The Equity Value is then divided by total number of diluted equity 
shares for arriving at the value per equity share of ACL under CCM Method. 
Strictly Confidential Page 6 of 11 Cement 
105adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
IBDO 
Computation of Equity Value of ACL as per CCM Method 
Particulars Amount (lNR Mn) 
FY25E EBITDA (H1 actual -t-PV of H2) 
Trailing EV/EBITDA Multiple 
Enterprise Value 
Other Adjustments 
Add: Cash &. Cash Equivalents 
Add: Investments 
Add: Fixed Deposits &. Interest Accrued 
Add: Non-current assets classified as held for sale 
Add: Non-current tax assets (net) 
Add: Fair value of stake in JV/ Associates 
Less: Debt (including Lease liabilities) 
Less: Fair Value of NCI 
Less: Unpaid DiVidends 
Less: PV of Capex • 
Equity Value (INR Mn) 
No. of shares outstanding (Mn) 
Equity Value per Share (INR) 66,712.1 
25.7x 
17,14,260.7 
66,665.4 
21,663.7 
15,153.7 
230.0 
12,658.7 
464.1 
(7,792.4) 
(2,24, 908. 7) 
(470.7) 
(9,565.1) 
15,88,359,3 
2,463.1 
644.9 adani 
Cement 
a PV of capex to be incurred in H2 FY25 that will have a corresponding impact on the fBITDA of FY25. 
CCM Multiples 
Particulars EV /EBJTDA Multiple Weights 
UltraTech Cement Limited 
Shree Cement Limited 
Weighted Average Multiple Considered 27.0 
20.4 
25.7x 80% 
20% 
The Fair Equity value per Share of ACL as per the CCM method is INR 644. 9 per share. 
Strictly Confidential Page 7 of 11 
106
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Annexure 5: Valuation of SIL as per DCF Method: 
The future financial projection of SIL is based on the information provided by the Management. The 
future earning capability of the business is important; therefore, we have considered DCF method under 
Income Approach. 
Computation of Equity Value of SIL as per DCF Method 
. Amount 
Part1culars (INR Mn) 
Net Present value (NPV) of Cash flow for the explicit period 
Add: NPV of Terminal value 
Enterprise Value 
Add: Cash & Cash Equivalents 
Add: Fixed Deposits 
Add: Net Tax Assets 
Less: 8% Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares 
Less: Debt (including Lease Liabilities) 
Less: Interest Accrued on Inter Corporate Deposits 
Less: Contingent Liabilities 
Equity Value 
No. of equity shares outstanding (In Mn) 
Equity Value per Share (INR) 4,620.6 
42,163.8 
46,784.4 
761.4 
294.8 
38.6 
(22,000.0) 
(4,788.7) 
(476.2) 
(327.2) 
20,287.1 
258.3 
78.5 
The Fair Equity value per Share of SIL as per the DCF method is INR 78.5 per share. 
Annexure 6: Valuation of SIL as per Market Price Method 
In the present case, the share price of SIL on the NSE has been considered, as the trading volumes are 
higher at NSE as compared to BSE. 
In the present case, the market price of ACL has been considered based on last 90 trading days daily 
Volume Weighted Average Price ('VWAP') on NSE upto December 16, 2024 (Refer Table below). 
90 trading days VWAP 
Date I VWAP (INR I Volume I Turnover (INRJ 
16-Dec-24 78.3 4,93,263 3,86,31,483.86 
13-Dec-24 79.4 1,37,632 1,09,22, 116.2 
12-Dec-24 80.2 1,31,247 1,05,28, 731.1 
11-Dec-24 81.0 3,06, 110 2,48,06, 122.4 
1 0-Dec-24 80.2 1,32,232 1,06,06,556.8 
09-Dec-24 81.2 1,72,019 1,39,66,376.0 
06-Dec-24 82.4 3,66,668 3,02, 11,486.6 
05-Dec-24 82.4 6,53,632 5,38,88,058. 9 
04-Dec-24 82.8 1,83,207 1,51,74,847.9 
03-Dec-24 83.0 3,59,902 2, 98, 78,375.1 
02-Dec-24 81.5 3,46, 152 2,82,21,613.6 
29-Nov-24 81.4 1,73,723 1,41,38,591.8 
28-Nov-24 82.3 3,71,068 3,05,29,910.8 
Strictly Confidential Page 8 of 11 Cement 
107adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
IBDO 
Date ' VWAP (INR) 
27-Nov-24 80.6 
26-Nov-24 78.2 
25-Nov-24 80.7 
22-Nov-24 78.1 
21 ·Nov-24 75.8 
19-Nov-24 81.4 
18-Nov-24 81.0 
14-Nov-24 81.5 
13-Nov-24 82.4 
12-Nov-24 84.3 
11-Nov-24 84.2 
08-Nov-24 87.5 
07-Nov-24 89.1 
06-Nov-24 89.0 
05-Nov-24 88.8 
04-Nov-24 87.8 
01-Nov-24 86.0 
31-0ct-24 80.6 
30-0ct-24 78.8 
29-0ct-24 77.0 
28-0ct-24 74.4 
25-0ct-24 75.8 
24-0ct-24 77.6 
23-0ct-24 77.1 
22-oct-24 78.5 
21-0ct-24 81.0 
18-0ct-24 81.3 
17-0ct-24 81.5 
16-0ct-24 81.8 
15-0ct-24 81.9 
14-0ct-24 82.4 
11-0ct-24 83.4 
1 O·Oct-24 84.2 
09·0Ct·24 82.8 
08-0ct-24 82.0 
07-0ct-24 81.4 
04-0ct-24 83.7 
03-0ct-24 83.8 
01-oct-24 84.8 
30-Sep-24 84.4 
27-Sep-24 84.0 
26-Sep-24 83.7 
25-Sep-24 84.7 
24-Sep-24 85.8 
23-Sep-24 85.5 
20-Sep-24 85.5 
19-Sep-24 86.0 
18-Sep-24 86.4 
17-Sep-24 87.3 
16-Sep-24 87.8 
13-Sep-24 87.4 
Strictly Confidential adani 
Cement 
Volume Turnover (INR) 
6, 17,053 4,97,06,141.4 
2,92,788 2,29,01 ,492.5 
3,24,535 2,61,93,591.8 
5,49,276 4,29, 19,696.0 
7,98,374 6,05,33,816.8 
1,93,606 1,57,56,860.0 
1,82,563 1,47,88,900.3 
2,21,541 1,80,64,386.8 
2,39,661 1,97,53,940.7 
1,97,642 1,66,55,607 .0 
3,13,964 2,64,23,227.0 
1,90,360 1,66,55,220. 9 
4,33,495 3,86,30,425.8 
8,40,749 7,48,44, 944.6 
6,02, 147 5,34,82,637.8 
11,05,549 9,70,84,904.7 
6,24,089 5,36,49,520. 9 
4,19,180 3,37,77,389.5 
2,59,530 2,04,46,877.8 
2,78,380 2, 14,24,368.5 
3,66,507 2,72,68,819.8 
3,37,211 2,55,42,492.7 
3,01 ,895 2,34,35, 196.0 
3,64,491 2,81, 18,340.8 
2,62, 125 2,05,69,788.9 
4,44,816 3,60,21,368.6 
1,58,919 1,29, 15,734.5 
1,86,891 1,52,24,770.1 
2,22,784 1,82,28,851.4 
1,52,211 1,24,67, 102.8 
1,46,301 1,20,57,279.0 
1,05,501 87,95,341.9 
1,91,880 1,61,50,799.1 
94,584 78, 34,613.3 
1,73,698 1,42,49,463. 9 
2,77,343 2,25,83,672.0 
4,56,325 3,81,87,358.8 
2,60,446 2, 18,32,333. 9 
1,92,914 1,63,49,532.0 
2,35,592 1,98,78,529.4 
3,07,569 2,58,27,796.3 
3,05,072 2,55,39,635.2 
3,26,284 2, 76,42,001. 0 
2,23,025 1,91,42,966.3 
1,46,907 1,25,65,472.1 
2,26,990 1, 94,07,406.8 
2,12,943 1,83, 15,474.9 
2,44,025 2,10,92,389.5 
2,66,230 2,32,52,456.8 
2,99,323 2,62,72,614.9 
2, 16,401 1,89,22,897.0 
Page 9 of 11 
-:.i•,.(:,i ·,p' ~/. 
108
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
IBDO 
Date VWAP INR Volume Turnover (INR) 
12-Sep-24 87.7 2,28,641 2,00,41,497.5 
11-Sep-24 89.4 2,02,488 1,80, 91,867.8 
10-Sep-24 90.4 4,41,014 3,98,64,729.1 
09-Sep-24 89.1 7,74,010 6,89, 92,506.5 
06-Sep-24 87.1 2,25,964 1, 96,85,468. 0 
05-Sep-24 87.8 3,80,999 3,34,31,650.6 
04-Sep-24 88.1 3,45,662 3,04,40,759.4 
03-Sep-24 89.8 2,82,892 2,54,04,573.7 
02-Sep-24 88.8 3,57,281 3, 17, 11,607.1 
30-Aug-24 89.1 2,64,537 2, 35,67, 210. 9 
29-Aug-24 89.7 2,55,297 2,28,87,547.3 
28-Aug-24 90.5 Z,64,439 Z,39, 18,751.1 
27-Aug-24 90.6 3,61,873 3,27,71,012.2 
26-Aug-24 92.6 4,50,567 4,17,29,992.9 
23-Aug-24 93.3 10,34,788 9,65, 11,498.8 
22-Aug-24 92.4 2,57,687 2,38,03, 383. 7 
21-Aug-24 91.4 3, 17,148 2,89, 74,902.8 
20-Aug-24 90.3 2,36,579 2, 13,61,449.4 
19-Aug-24 90.4 2,76,792 2,50, 18,462.5 
16-Aug-24 89.6 3,31,800 2,97,40,265.5 
14-Aug-24 89.7 2,74,694 2,46,42,020.7 
13-Aug-24 90.2 4,72,058 4,25,55,032.8 
12-Aug-24 90.4 5,05,712 4,57,32, 575.2 
09-Aug-24 92.5 1,96,349 1,81,63, 532. 1 
OS·Aug-24 92.9 3,15,484 2,93, 13,919.8 
07-Aug-24 93.6 11,44,700 10,71,51,983.2 
Total 3,04,17,995 2,59 ,63, 98,921.3 
90 trading days VWAP (INR) 85.4 
Source: NSE 
The fair value per equity share of SIL as per market price method is arrived at INR 85.4 per share 
derived by considering VWAP for the past 90 trading days as provided in the table above. 
Annexure 7: Valuation of SIL as per Comparable Transactions Multiple Method: 
Considering the MSA signed by SIL with ACL and ACC as mentioned above, we have used EV/capacity 
based multiple using Comparable Transactions Multiple Method ("CTM") based on the comparable 
companies operating with similar capacity in India. 
The total enterprise value so derived is adjusted for debt (including lease liabilities), cash and cash 
equivalents, net tax assets to arrive at Equity value. The Equity Value is then divided by total number of 
equity shares for arriving at the value per equity share of companies under CTM Method. 
Strictly Confidential Page 10 of 11 Cement 
109adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
IBDO 
Computation of Equity Value of SIL as per CTM Method 
Particulars Amount (INR Mn) 
Current Capacity of SIL (Mtpa) 
EV / Capacity Multiple 
Enterprise Value 
Other Adiustments 
Add: Cash & Cash Equivalents 
Add: Fixed Deposits 
Add: Net Tax Assets 
Less: 8% Non-Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares 
Less: Debt (including Lease Liabilities) 
Less: Interest Accrued on Inter Corporate Deposits 
Fair Equity Value (INR Mn) 
Number of shares (Mn) 
Fair Equity Value per share (INR) 
CTM Multiples 6.1 
7,578.3x 
46,227.9 
761.4 
294.8 
38.6 
(22,000.0) 
(4,788.7) 
(476.2) 
20,057.8 
258.3 
77.6 adani 
Cement 
Deal Date Name of Target Company EV/Capacity Multiple 
24 Jun 2024 India Cements Limited 
29 Jul 2024 India Cements Limited 8,220.Bx 
30 Nov 2023 Kesoram Industries Limited 7,069.Bx 
13 Jun 2024 Penna Cement Industries Limited 7,444.4x 
Average Multiple Considered 7,578.Jx 
The Fair Equity value per Share of SIL as per the CTM method is INR 77.6 per share. 
Strictly Confidential Page 11 of 11 
Annexure 3
110
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Vivro Financial Services Private Limited 
Regd. Office: adani 
Cement 
VIVRO 
Vivro House, 11, Shashi Colony, Opp. Suvidha Shopping Center, 
Paldi, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India -380 007 
December 17, 2024 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Sanghi Industries limited 
Sangh1nagar P 0. 
Haya th nagar Mandal, 
R.R Dislll(l, 
Hyderabad -S01511. 
Dear Sir{s) / Madam(s) , Tel.:+ 91 ( 79) 4040 4242 
www.vivro .net 
Pr,vaie and Confidential 
Subject: Fairness Opinion on the recommendation of the Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio Report for the 
proposed Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements 
Limited 
Sangh lnduslries Limited ('SIL', 'the Transferor Company') is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of 
cement and cement products. The equity shares of SIL arc listed on BSE Ltm11ed ('BSE') and National Stock 
Exchange ol India L1m1ted ('NSE1 (BSE and NSE are together known as 'the Stock Exchanges') Ambuja 
Cements Limited ('ACL', 'the Transferee Company') 1s one of the leading companies 1n lndi2 engaged on the 
manufacturing and selling of cement and cement products. The equity shares of ACL are listed on the Stock 
Exchanges . ACL holds 58.08% equity shares of SIL. ACL and SIL are together referred to as 'the Companies '. 
A scheme of atrangement has been proposed by the Board of Directors of the Companies for the 
amalgamation of SIL with and into /\CL, in accordan:e with the provisions of Sewons 230·232 and other 
applicable prov1s1ons or the Companies AcL 2013 ('the Scheme'). The terms not defined herein would carry 
meaning as per the Scheme. 
Accord,ngly, SIL 1s required to obtain a Fairness Opinion Report under the extant S£131 SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, ('the SEBI Circular') issued under the applicable regulations 11, 37 and 
94 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ('the SEBI LODR Regulations') and other extant applicable provisions of law. 
SIL has appointed V1vro rinanc1al Services Private Limited, a Merchant Banker registered W1tl1 SEBI hav111y 
Registration Number INM000010122 ('Vivro', 'Merchant Banker', 'we', 'us', 'our'), through an Engagement 
Letter dated December 2, 2024, to issue a Fairness Opinion Report under the SE Bl Circular on the Fair Equity 
Share Exchange Ratio Report dated December 17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP ('Fair Equity 
Share Exchange Ratio Report'), registered with the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India ('IBBI') with 
registration number IBBI/RV E/02/2019/103 and enrolled with IOV Registered Valuers Foundation 
('Registered Valuer'), as on December 16, 2024 ('the Valuation Date'). 
Page 1 of 7 
CIN -U67120GJ 1996PTC029182, Merchant Banker Sebi. Reg. No. lNM000010122. Al81 Reg. No. AlBl/086 
111adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Private and Confidenti al 
The allached Fairness Opinion Report ('Fairness Opinion Report') has been issued to facilitate SIL in 
complying w1Lh ll1e exlant provisions of the regulations as mentioned above and shall not be valid for any 
other purpose 
Our Fairness Opinion Report 1s to be read in conjunction with the scope and purpose. sources of information 
and the assumptions. exclusions, l1m1tat1ons, and the disclaimers, as have been detailed hereinafter . This 
letter should be read in coniunctIon with the Fairness Opinion Report. 
Should you require ,iny further 1nformat1on or explanatio ns, please conl.:ict tnc undersigned 
For, Vivro Financial Services Private Limited 
Roshan Vaishnav 
Director 
Page 2 of 7 adani 
Cement 
112
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Privare and Confidential 
t. SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
We have relied on the following information made available to us by the management of SIL for the 
purpose of this Fairness Opinion Report: 
1.1 Draft Scheme of arrangement between ACl, SIL and thetr respective shareholders and creditors as 
may be submitted to the Stock Exchanges; 
1.2 Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio Report of the Regislered Valuer daled December 17, 2024; 
1.3 Detailed business profile and information of current business operations of the Companies; 
1.4 Audited financial statements of the Companies for the year ended March 31, 2024; 
1.5 Limited review consolidated financial statements of SIL as on September 30, 2024; 
1.6 Limited review finanoal statements of ACL as on September 30, 2024; 
1.7 Shareholding pattern of ACL and SIL as on the Valuation Date; 
1.8 Master Supply Agreement entered into by SIL with ACL. 
1.9 Management certified financial projections of ACL from FY2025 to FY2030; 
110 Management certified financial projections of SIL from FY2025 to FY2028; 
1.11 Such other information and explanations as required and which have been provided by the 
management of the Companies. which were considered relevant for the purpose of this Fairness 
Opinion Report. 
The Companies have been provided with the opportunlty to review the draft Fairness Opinion 
Report (excluding our opinion on recommendation of the Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio Report) 
as part of our standard practice to make sure that factual inaccuracy/ omissions are avoided. 
2. SCOPE, PURPOSE AND USAGE OF THIS FAIRNESS OPINION REPORT 
2.1 The Board of Directors of the Companies propose to enter into a scheme of arrangement in 
accordance with Section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act. 2013 as 
amended, rules framed thereunder as well as oLher applicable laws, regulations and applicable 
circulars. The Scheme rrovides for provides for the amalgamation of SIL with and into ACL. 
Page 3 of 7 adani 
Cement 
113adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Private and Confidential 
2.2 The scope of our services Is to issue a Fairness Opinion Report on the Fair Equity Share Exchange 
Ratio Report of the Registered Valuer for the proposed Scheme as required and applicable under 
the SEBI Circular and SEBI LODR Regulations. The scope of our services does not involve opining on 
the fairness or economic rationale of the Scheme per se. 
2.3 This Fairness Opinion Report is our deliverable on this engagement. The Fairness Opinion Report 
has been issued to facilitate SIL in complying with the extant provisions of the regulations, as 
mentioned above, and shall not be valid for any other purpose. 
2.4 The distribution of this Fairness Opinion Report shall be restricted to the Companies, Shareholders, 
SEBI, the Stock Exchanges and such other regulatory bodies required to give effect to the Scheme, 
including but not limited to the Registrar of Companies and the National Company Law Tribunal. 
2.5 This Fairness Opinion Report is subject to lhe scope, assumptions, exclusions, limitations, and 
disclaimers detailed hereinafter. As such, the Fairness Opinion Report is to be read in totality, and 
not in parts, in conjunction with the relevant documents referred to herein. 
3-
3.1 OVERVIEW AND UNDERSTANDING OF THE PROPOSED SCHEME 
ACL ('CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717 ' formerly known as Ambuja Cements Private Limited and 
Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited) is a public limited company incorporated on October 20, 1981, 
engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing of cement and cement related products. 
The equity shares of ACL are listed on the Stock Exchanges and the Global Depository Receipts 
('GD Rs') are listed under the EURO Multilateral Trading Facility ('MTF) platform of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange ('LuxSE'). 
3.2 The share holding pattern of ACL as on the Valuation Date, is as follows: 
f rfl I valu<' of INR I 00 e;icl 
Shareholder Category 
Promoter and Promoter Group 
Public 
Non-Promoter Non-Public * 
Total 
Source: ~W\!I' t:, ,•r11d1,1 Q!!! accessed on the Valuation Date 
•includes 13,39,841 equity shares represented by 13,39,841 GDRs No. of shares held 
1,663,381,052 
798,402,585 
1,339,841 
2,463,123,478 
3.3 SIL ('CIN: L18209TG1985PLC005581' ), is a company incorporated on June 14, 1985, engaged in the 
business of manufacturing and marketing o f cement and cement products in domestic and export 
market. The equity shares of SIL are listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Page 4 of 7 Cement 
114
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Private and Confidential 
3.4 The share holding pattern of SIL as on the Valuation Date, is as follows: 
4. 
4.1 qu \ ',h,HE' Wit c v;il Jr O INR 10 
Shareholder Category 
Promoter and Promoter Group 
Public 
Total lCh 
Source: ww~-b~ £Om accessed on the Valuation Date No. of shares held 
193,744,040 
64,581.960 
258,326,000 
unulati• •e ?edeemabl<> Preference Sh;ircs of rNR 10.00 E'ach 
Shareholder Category 
Promoter and Promoter Group 
Total 
Source: Quarterly filling of SIL No. of shares held 
2,200,000,000 
2,200,000,000 
BASIS OF OPINION ON THE REGISTERED VALUER'S REPORT 
The Registered Valuer has assessed the value of ACL and SIL under the going concern premise using 
the International varuation Standards 2022 ('IVS') issued by International Valuation Standards 
Council ('IVSC'). The Registered Valuer has considered the valuation base as 'Fair Value' and the 
premise of value is ·current use/existing use' for estimating the value of the Companies. 
4.2 On the basis of all the relevant factors and circumstances as discussed and outlined in the Fair Equity 
Share Exchange Ratio Report dated December 17. 2024, the Registered Valuer has concluded that: 
' 12 (Twelve) equity shares of Ambuja Cements Limited of INR 2/-each, fully paid for every 100 
(Hundred) equity sharps of Sanghi Industries Limited of INR 10/-each, fully paid-up.' 
5. LIMITATIONS, ASSUMP TIONS, QUALIFICATIONS, EXCLUSIONS & 
DISCLAIMERS 
5.1 This Fairness Opinion Report has been prepared for the purposes stated herein and should not be 
relied upon for any other purpose. This Fairness Opinion Report is restricted for the purpose 
indicated in the Engagement Letter but does not preclude the management of the Companies to 
provide a copy of this Fairness Opinion Report to third-party advisors whose review would be 
consisten t with the intended use. We do not take any responsibility for any unauthorized use of this 
Fairness Opinion Report. 
Page Sof7 adani 
Cement 
115adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Private and Confidential 
5.2 In lhe course of the fairness Opinion Report, we were provided with both wntten and verbal 
1nformac1on, We have however. evaluated the information provided to us by the Companies 
through brodi:I InQuiry. analysis and review but have not carried out a due diligence or audit of the 
information provided for the purpose of this engagement. 
:. 3 This Fairness Op1r11on Repon. its contents, and the results herein (i) are specific to the purpose 
agIeed as per the terms of our engagement (ii) are specific to the dare of this Fairness Opinion 
Report and other conditions ,n general and the written and or;:il information made available to us 
by the management of the Company as on date of this Fairness Opinion Report. The events 
occurnng atter this date may affect thrs Fairness Opinion Report and tne assumpLions used 1n 
prepa!lng L. and we do not assume any obligation to update, revise or 1eaffirrn this Fairness Opinlon 
Report. 
5.4 We have not provided any accounting, tax, or legal advice to the Companies neither are we required 
1 o In lPrms of the Engagement LC"ttrr. 
5.5 We have not examined the tax implication of the present transaction neither are we required to in 
terms of the Engagement Letter. 
5.6 We have not rE:'valued any asset. nor physically verified any assets of the Companies neither are we 
required to in terms of the Engagement Letter. 
".,,/ We have not opined on the legality of the scheme nerther are we required to in terms of the 
Engagement Letter 
5 8 This Fairness Opinion Report assumes that the Companres are fully compliant with relevant laws 
,md regulations applicable in thei, area of operations. Further, this Fairness Opinion Report has 
given no consideration to matters of a legal nature, Including issues of legal title and compliance 
with local laws, and ItIgauons and other conllngcnt habihtics that are not recorded/ reflected i n 
rhc fmanc1als prov1decl to us and not relevant or applicable to the subject matter of our analysis. 
5 9 We are independent of the Companres and hold no specific interest m the Companre s or its assets, 
nor do we have any confhctol interest with the Companies. 
510 The fee lor this engagement Is not contingent upon the results reported .:ind the conclusion arrived 
at by us. 
5.11 This Fa,mess Opinion Report is furnished on a strictly conficlenllal basis. Neither this Fairness 
Opmron Report nor th<' information contarned herein may be reproduced or passed to any person 
or used for any purpose other than stated above. 
Page6of 7 adani 
Cement 
116
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement 
Private and Confidential 
6. CONCLUSION 
Pursuant to the facts and circumstances as detailed above. we are of the opinion that the conclusion 
drawn in the Fair Equity Share Exchange Ratio Report issued by the Registered Valuer, is fair. 
For, Vivro Financial Services Private Limited 
Director ~ ~ 
aishnav 
Date: December 17, 2024 
Place: Ahmedabad 
Page 7 of 7 adani 
Cement 
Annexure 4
117adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton 
Strictly Private and Confidential 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, 
Near Vaishnav Devi Circle, S.G. Highway, 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad , Gujarat 382421 
Date: 17 December 2024 #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBllANT INDIA 
GT Valuation Advisors Private 
Limited 
16th Floor, Tower Ill 
One lnlernalional Centre, 
S B Marg Prabhadevl (W) 
Mumbai -400013 
T +91 22 6626 2600 
F +91 22 6626 2601 
Sub: Recommendation of Share Exchange Ratio pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement between Sanghi Industries Limited 
and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
We refer to our Engagement Letter dated 09 December 2024 whereby the Management of Ambuja Cements Limited ("Ambuja " 
or the "Client") (referred to as the "Management "), have requested GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited ("GTVAPL" or the 
''Firm") to recommend a Share Exchange Ratio for the proposed amalgamation of Sanghi Industries Limited ("SIL" or the 
"Company ") with and into Ambuja Cements Limited ("Ambuja") ("Proposed Transaction ") pursuant to the Scheme of 
Arrangement as per the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable clauses of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Scheme" 
or "Scheme of Arrangement"), consideration for which may be discharged by share exchange. 
Ambuja and SIL are together referred to as the "Specified Companies ". 
GTVAPL has been hereafter referred to as 'Valuer' or 'we' in this Share Exchange Ratio report ('Report'). 
In the following paragraphs, we have summarized our valuation analysis together with the description of the methodologies 
used and limitations on our scope of work. 
1. CONTEXT AND PURPOSE OF THIS REPORT 
1.1 Background Information 
1.1. 1 Ambuja Cements Limited 
Ambuja is among the leading cement manufacturing companies in India, and a part of the Adani Group. The equity 
shares of Ambuja are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange of India. The registered . office of 
Ambuja is located at Ahmedabad, India. 
1. 1.2 Sanghi Industries Limited 
SIL operates as subsidiary of Ambuja Cements Limited. SIL is engaged in the business of cement manufacturing and 
operates an integrated facility at Sanghipuram , Kutch. Cement 
118
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
1.2 Proposed Transaction 
1.2.1 We have been informed that the Management of Ambuja is contemplating amalgamation of SIL with and into Ambuja, 
consideration of which would be discharged by way of issue of fully paid-up equity shares of Ambuja to the shareholders 
of SIL as per the Share Exchange Ratio recommended in this Report. 
1.2.2 As per the Scheme, upon coming into effect of the Proposed Transaction , the equity shares and the non-convertible 
redeemable preference shares issued by SIL & held by Ambuja shall stand cancelled and extinguished and in lieu 
thereof, there shall be no allotment of any equity shares and / or preference shares. 
1.2.3 For the aforesaid purpose, the Management of Ambuja have appointed GTVAPL, Registered Valuer -Securities and 
Financial Assets, to submit a report recommending Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction as required 
under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
1.2.4 We would like to emphasize that certain terms of the Proposed Transaction are stated in our Report, however, the 
detailed terms of the Proposed Transaction would be more fully described and explained in the Scheme document 
between the Specified Companies . Accordingly , the description of the terms and certain other information contained 
herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the relevant Scheme documents . 
1.3 Scope of Work and Purpose of Valuation 
1.3.1 We are given to understand that the Management of Ambuja is contemplating amalgamation of SIL with and into 
Ambuja pursuant to a Scheme of Arrangement under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable clauses 
of the Companies Act, 2013. 
1.3.2 For the aforesaid purpose, Ambuja has requested GTVAPL to submit a report recommending the Share Exchange 
Ratio for the proposed amalgamation of SIL with and into Ambuja for the consideration of the Board of Directors of 
Ambuja. This report will be placed before the Board of Ambuja, and to the extent mandatorily required under applicable 
laws of India, maybe produced before judicial, regulatory or government authorities , in connection with the Proposed 
Transaction . 
1.3.3 The scope of our services is to conduct a relative (and not absolute) valuation of the equity shares of the Specified 
Companies and report on the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction in accordance with generally 
accepted professional standards. 
1.3.4 For the aforesaid purpose, the valuation analysis is carried out by giving cognizance to the ICAI Valuation Standards , 
2018 and as part of valuation process by assigning appropriate weights to the applicable internationally accepted 
methodologies . 
1.3.5 We have been informed that, in the event either of the Specified Companies restructure their equity share capital by 
way of share spliU consolidation/ issue of bonus shares/ merger/ demerger/ reduction of share capital before the 
Proposed Amalgamation becomes effective, the issue of shares pursuant to the Share Exchange Ratio recommended 
in this Report shall be adjusted accordingly to take into account the effect of any such corporate actions. 
1.3.6 This Report is our deliverable for the above engagement. 
1.3.7 For the purpose of this report, we have considered the valuation date as 16 December 2024 ("Valuation Date"). 
1.3.8 This Report is subject to the scope, assumptions , exclusions , limitations and disclaimers detailed hereinafter . As such, 
the Report is to be read in totality, and not In parts, in conjunction with the relevant documents referred to therein. Cement 
119adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPINGAVIBRANTINDIA 
2. SOURCE of INFORMATION 
2.1. In connection with this exercise, we have used the following information received from the Management and/or gathered 
from public domain while arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction . 
2.1.1. With respect to Ambuja 
a) Annual Report of Ambuja from Financial Year ended 31 December 2019 to Financial Year ended 31 March 2024; 
b) Limited reviewed consolidated financial statements of Ambuja for half year ended 30 September 2024; 
c) Financial Projections from FY2025 to FY2028; 
d) Latest available Shareholding Pattern, from BSE filings; 
e) Management view on materiality of contingent liabilities; 
f) Audited financial statements of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for FY2024; 
g) Limited reviewed financial statements of subsidiaries , associates , and joint ventures of Ambuja for the period 
ended 30 September 2024. 
2.1.2. With respect to SIL 
a) Annual Report of SIL from Financial Year ended 31 March 2020 to Financial Yea"r ended 31 March 2024; 
b) Limited Reviewed financial statements of SIL for half year ended 30 September 2024 ; 
c) Financial Projections of SIL from FY 2025 to FY 2028; 
d) Master Service Agreement signed with Ambuja as on 14 December 2023; 
e) Latest available shareholding pattern available on BSE; 
f) Management view on materiality of contingent liabilities; 
g) Details of unabsorbed tax depreciation and brought forward tax losses. 
2.1.3. Other Information 
a) Draft Scheme of Arrangement ; 
b) International Databases such as Capital IQ, World Wide Web; 
c) Correspondence with the Management of Ambuja including Management Represen tation Letters. 
2.2. During the discussions with the Management , we have also obtained the explanations, information and representations , 
which we believed were reasonably necessary and relevant for our exercise. The Management of Ambuja has been 
provided with the opportunity to review the draft Report (excluding the recommended Share Exchange Ratio) as part of 
our standard practice to make sure that factual inaccuracies/ omissions are avoided in our final Report. 
2.3. The management has informed us over telephonic calls, representation letter or otherwise that: 
a) There would not be any capital variation in the Specified Companies (except changes in the capital structure 
outlined in the Scheme and the Scheme of Amalgamation between Ambuja and Adani Cementation Limited) till the 
Proposed Transaction becomes effective, without the approval of the shareholders and other relevant authorities . 
b) Till the Proposed Transaction becomes effective, neither of the Specified Companies would declare any dividend 
which are materially different than those declared in the past few years. 
c) There are no unusual / abnormal events in the Specified Companies other than those represented to us by the 
Managem ent of the Specified Companies till the date of this report ("Report Date") materially impacting their 
operating I financial performance . Further, the Management has informed us that all material information impacting 
the Specified Companies has been disclosed to us. 
d) The Management of Specified Companies has confirmed that the valuation of all the surplus or non-operating 
assets in the Specified Companies can be considered as per the Balance Sheets as on 30 September 2024. 
2.4. We have taken into consideration market parameters as on the Valuation Date, in our analysis and made adjustments 
for information made known to us by the Management till the Report Date which will have a bearing on the valuation 
analysis. 
2.5. The Management has informed us that SIL has appointed BOO Valuation Advisory LLP ("Second Valuer") for the 
purpose of arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction . We have been instructed by the 
Management to discuss the valuation approach with the Second Valuer and attempt to arrive at a consensus on the 
Share Exchange Ratio. While we have independent ly carried out the valuation of Companies for recommending the 
Share Exchange Ratio, appropriate averaging and rounding off in values have been ~fl:: t, to arrive at the 
consensus on the Share Exchange Ratio. {:;~, ADv1J'
0 
ff~ •V.'~:-.A' -~ 
\ ~ l::;1 "'i/ ~ 
"' • :i ',, 
'. + Q\ Cement 
120
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
2.6. Further, we understand from the Management that IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited have been appointed to 
provide fairness opinion on the recommended Share Exchange Ratio for the purpose of afore-mentioned Proposed 
Transaction. At the request of the Management , we have had discussions with the Fairness Opinion provider mentioned 
above on the valuation approach adopted and assumptions made by us. 
3. ABOUT THE VALUER 
3.1. GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited is a Registered Valuer entity under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India 
(IBBI) having Registration No IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134 . GTVAPL holds certificate of practice with RVO ICMAI to value 
Securities and Financial Assets and Plant and Machinery. 
3.2. Darshana Kadakia is a Director in GTVAPL and is a registered valuer with IBBI. The valuer registered with Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) to undertake valuation under asset class Securities and Financial Assets and 
holds certificate of practice as a valuer. 
4. DISCLOSURE OF THE REGISTERED VALUER 'S INTEREST OR CONFLICT , IF ANY AND OTHER AFFIRMATIVE 
STATEMENTS 
4.1. We do not have any financial interest in the Client or the Specified Companies. We are currently engaged by the Client 
to undertake valuation of Penna Cements Industries Limited in lieu of their Proposed Scheme of Arrangement. We 
however do not perceive this as a conflict of interest in carrying out this valuation, as of the date of the engagement 
letter till the Report Date. We further state that we are not related to the Client I Specified Companies/ their promoters . 
5. VALUATION PROCEDURES ADOPTED 
5.1. Procedures used in our analysis included such substantive steps as we considered necessary under the circumstances, 
including, but not limited to the following: 
5.1.1. Discussion with the Management to: 
a) Understand the business of the Specified Companies . 
b) Enquire about the historical financial performance, current state of affairs of the Specified Companies 
c) Enquire about business plans and future performance estimates . 
5.1.2. Undertook Industry Analysis: 
a) Research on publicly available market data on Cement Industry that may impact the valuation. 
b) Analysis of key trends and valuation multiples of comparable companies using: 
i. Valuer internal transactions database 
ii. Proprietary databases subscribed by the Valuer 
c) Other publicly available information . 
5.1.3. Analysis of the financial and quantitative information . 
5.1.4. Obtaining and analyzing data of peers available in public domain, as deemed relevant by us for the purpose of the 
present exercise. 
5.1.5. Selection of appropriate Internationally accepted valuation methodology I (ies) after deliberations 
5.1.6. Determination of values of equity shares of the Specified Companies 
5.1. 7. Arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction . Cement 
121adani 
Ambuja 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
6. SHAREHOLDING PATTERN OF SPECIFIED COMPANIES 
6.1. Ambuja 
6.1.1. The issued and subscribed share capital of Ambuja as on the Valuation Date was INR 4,926.2 million consisting of 
2,463.1 million equity shares of face value of INR 2 each. 
6.1.2. The summary of equity shares outstanding as on the Valuation Date are presented in the table below: 
1. I Promoter and Promoter Group I 1,663,381,052 
2. I Public & others 799,742,426 
I Total Equity Shares 2,463,123,478 
Source: BSE 
6.2. SIL 
6.2.1. The issued and subscribed equity share capital of SIL as on the Valuation Date was INR 2,583.3 million consisting of 
258.3 million equity shares of face value of INR 10 each. 
6.2.2. The summary of shares outstanding as on the Valuation Date are presented in the table below: 
1. Ambuja 150,045,102 
2. Others 108,280,898 
Total Equity Shares 258,326,000 
*Source: BSE 
6.2.3. The issued and paid-up preference share capital of SIL as on the Valuation Date was INR 22,000 million consisting of 
2,200 million non-convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares of face value of INR 1 0 each. All the 
outstanding preference shares issued by SIL are held by Ambuja. 
7. VALUATION APPROACH & METHODOLOGY 
7.1. Valuation Procedures 
Arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction would require determining the relative value of 
equity shares of SIL and equity shares of Ambuja. These values are to be determined independently without 
considering the effect of the Proposed Transaction. 
In connection with this exercise, we have adopted the following procedures to carry out the equity valuation of the 
Specified Companies : 
7.1.1. Data Collection and Planning: 
a) Collected financial data and key performance indicators for the historical period. 
b) Held discussions with the Management pertaining to the business and the expected performance indicators during 
the projected period. 
c) Any details needed for industry data, market share, surplus assets, assets and liabilities classified as held for sale, 
contingent liabilities and other data required based on further understanding . 
7.1.2. Data Analysis and Management Discussions : 
a) Sought discussions with the Management to understand the business and fundamental factors that affect the 
earning-generating capability including its strengths, weaknesses, opportunity and threats analysis and historical 
financial performance . 
b) Where needed, analyzed publicly available information whether or not provided by Management. 
'~" •,.~'o -/~ ·j)_ I I 1.1' 
... •i•:}:-S 
:J ... ~,;, -:_::..-7 Cement 
122
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
7.1.3. Undertook Industry Analysis: 
a) Research publicly available market data including economic factors and industry trends that may impact the 
valuation. 
b) Analysis of the market. to identify comparab le companies and comparable transactions . 
c) other publicly available information . 
7.1.4. Performing Valuation Analysis : 
a) Selected appropriate Internationally acceptable valuation methodologies to be used based on the information 
received, understanding gathered through interviews with the Management, publicly available information and prior 
experienc e. 
b) Understood key drivers of valuation and supporting assumptions. 
c) Identified key assumptions and arrived at value of equity shares of the Specified Companies in order to determine 
the Share Exchange Ratio for the Proposed Transaction. 
7.2. Valuation Parameters 
7.2.1. Valuation Base: Valuation base means the indication of the type of value being used in an engagement. Different 
valuation bases may lead to different conclusions of value. The standard of value used in our analysis is "Fair Value" 
which is often understood as the price, that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the valuation date. Fair value is the price in an orderly transaction in the principal (or most advantageous) 
market at the valuation date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price) regardless of whether that price is 
directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique . 
7.2.2. Premise of Value: A premise of value or assumed use describes the conditions and circumstances of how an asset is 
deployed . We have considered the "going concern value" as Premise of Value. 
7.2.3. Intended Users: This Report is intended for consumption of the Client, its advisors supporting the Proposed 
Transaction as well as relevant regulatory and statutory authorities . 
7.2.4. Valuation Date: The Valuation Date considered for this engagement is 16 December 2024. 
7.2.5. Valuation Standards: The report is being prepared in accordance with the relevant ICAI Valuation Standards , 2018 
such as ICAI Valuation Standard 102 -Valuation Bases, ICAI Valuation Standard 103 -Valuation Approaches and 
Methods, ICAI Valuation Standard 301 -Business Valuation . 
7.3. Valuation Approach & Methodology 
7.3.1. Valuation of a business is not an exact science and ultimately depends upon what ii is worth to a serious investor or 
buyer who may be prepared to pay a substantial goodwill. This exercise may be carried out using various 
methodologies, the relative emphasis of each often varying with: 
a) Specific nature of the business 
b) Whether the entity is listed on a stock exchange 
c) Industry to which the company belongs. 
d) Past track record of the business and the ease with which the growll1 rate in cash flows to perpetuity can be 
estimated . 
e) Extent to which industry and comparabl e company information is available. 
7.3.2. The results of this exercise could vary significantly depending upon the basis used, the specific circumstances and 
professional judgment of the valuer. Certain valuation techniques have evolved over time and are commonly in vogue. 
7.3.3. It should be understood that the valuation of any business/ company or its assets/ equity shares is inherently subjective 
and is subject to certain uncertainties and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. 
Valuation results could fluctuate with lapse of time, changes in prevailing market conditions and prospects, industry 
performance and general business and economic conditions, financial and otherwise , and other factors which generally 
influence the valuation of companies . 
/ , 
'f • 
I , t:1 
-., Cement 
123adani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT ar t 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
7.3.4. The application of any method of valuation depends on the purpose for which the valuation is done. Although, different 
values may exist for different purposes, it cannot be too strongly emphasized that a valuer can only arrive at one value 
for one purpose. The choice of methodology of valuation has been arrived at using usual and conventional 
methodologies adopted for transactions of a similar nature, regulatory guidelines , and our reasonable judgement , in an 
independent and bona fide manner based on our previous experience of assignments of similar nature. 
7.3.5. The Management is contemplating amalgamation of SIL and Ambuja in accordance with the provisions of section 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act 2013. 
7.3,6. We have evaluated the following valuation methodologies as per any internationally accepted valuation methodology 
/(ies) on arm's length basis. The valuation techniques can be broadly categorized as follows: 
a) Market Approach 
Market Price Method 
ii. Comparable Companies Multiple ("CCM") Method 
iii. Comparable Transaction Multiple ("CTM") Method 
b) Income Approach -Discounted Cash Flow Method. 
c) Asset/ Cost Approach -Net Asset Value Method. 
«this space has been intentionally left blanl<» Cement 
124
Ambuja Cements Limitedadani 
AmbuJa 
Cement adani 
Grant Thornton #GT art 
SHAPING A VIBRANT INDIA 
7.4. Valuation Methods 
7.4.1. Market Price Method 
The market price of an equity shares as quoted on stock exchanges is normally considered as the value of the equity 
shares of that company where such quotations are arising from the shares being regularly and freely traded in, subject 
to the element of speculative support that may be inbuilt in the value of the shares. 
The equity shares of Ambuja and SIL are listed on NSE and BSE and there are regular transactions in its equity shares 
with adequate volumes. Thus, the share prices observed on NSE over a reasonable period, considering the volume 
traded was higher on NSE than SSE, have been considered for arriving at the value per equity share of Ambuja and SIL 
under the Market Price method. 
7.4.2. Comparable Companies Multiple Method 
Under this methodology, appropriate valuation multiples of comparable listed companies are computed and applied to 
the financials of the company being valued in order to arrive at a multiple based valuation . This is based on the premise 
that the market multiples of comparable listed companies are good benchmarks to derive valuation . 
In the present valuation analysis, based on resear