  
 
Ambuja Cements Limited  
Registered Office:  
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India  
Ph +91 79 -2656 5555  
E mail: investors.relation@adani.com  
www.ambujacement.com  
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
 
June 04 , 2026 
 
To 
 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Limited  
 
 Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM    BSE Limited  
 
  
 Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg  Stock  
Exchange  
 
Code: US02336R2004  
 
 
Subject:   Receipt of Observation Letter s with ‘no adverse observations ’ from the BSE Limited  
(“BSE”)  and ‘no objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) in 
relation to the Scheme of Amalgamation of ACC Limited (“Amalgamating Company  / 
ACC”) with Ambuja Cements Limited ( “Amalgamated Company  / Ambuja ”) under section 
230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 This is in connection with our letter dated December 22 , 2025  informing about the decision taken 
by the Board of Directors of the Company approving the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation  of 
ACC Limited (“ Amalgamating Company”) with  Ambuja Cements Limited (“ Amalgamated 
Company”) under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and other applicable provisions of the Act  (“Scheme”), subject to receipt of various statutory and regulatory approvals.  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received observation letter s with 
‘no adverse observations ’ from the BSE and ‘no objection’ from NSE on June  04, 202 6 
respectively . A copy of said letter s are enclosed herewith. The Scheme remains subject to various 
statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective shareholders /creditors  of the C ompanies 
involved in the Scheme, as may be applicable .  
 
The observation letter s received from BSE and NSE will also be made available on the website of 
the Company at www.ambujacement.com.  
 We request you to bring the above to the notice of all concerned.  
 Thanking you,  
 Yours Sincerely ,  
For AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED  
  
 
Manish Mistry  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above  
DCS/ AMAL/RD/R37 /097 /2026-27 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
ACC Limited 
Adani Corporate House, 
Shantigram Near Vaishnodevi Circle, 
S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 382 421. 
Dear Sir/Madam, SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
June 04, 2026 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Adani Corporate House, 
Shantigram, Nr. Vaishno Devi Circle, 
S G Highway, Khodiyar, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat -382 421. 
Sub: Scheme of Amalgamation of ACC Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited 
We refer to your application for Scheme of Arrangement by ACC Limited ("ACC"/"Transferor 
Company") and Ambuja Cements Limited ("ACL"/"Transferee Company") and their respective 
shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015, read with 
SEBI Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Reg. 94 
(2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated June 03, 2026, has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: -
1. "The proposed composite Scheme of Arrangement shall be in compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015." 
2. "ACC Limited (ACC) and Ambuja Cements Limited (Ambuja) shall ensure that they 
disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution 
initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme." 
3. "The entities shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by them after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is 
displayed on the websites of the listed companies and the stock exchanges." 
4. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft 
scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), 
except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal." 
5. "The entities shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time." 
6. "The entities shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period 
more than 6 months old." 
Page 1 of 4 
SSE., 
The Power of Vibrance 
7. "The listed entities are advised that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in 
terms of the "Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only." 
8. "The listed entities are advised that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the 
listed entities complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme 
document." 
9. "The entities are advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring 
the observations to the notice of NCLT." 
10. "The entities are advised to prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded 
by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act 2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed decision in the 
matter: 
a) A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement. 
b) The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme. 
c) A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any 
dilution or change in rights. 
d) A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of 
the scheme, 
e) The latest financials of ACC, and Ambuja, not older than 6 months from the date of 
Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies' website and also disclosed in 
the explanatory statement 
f) Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter 
group in ACC and Ambuja, before and after the scheme, and the corresponding 
change in public shareholding. 
g) Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter 
group in Ambuja, before and after execution of all the concurrent schemes, and the 
change in public shareholding. 
h) Details of the Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and the Merchant Banker 
issuing Fairness opinion, along with a summary of the methods considered for 
arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and 
key assumptions. 
i) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of ACC and Ambuja for last 3 financial years. 
j) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of ACC and Ambuja as on the date of 
Shareholders' meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred 
between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
k) The value of Assets and liabilities of ACC being transferred to Ambuja and post­
scheme balance sheet of Ambuja. 
l) Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the 
possible impact of the same on Ambuja. 
Page 2 of 4 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
11. "The entities are advised s to comply with the all applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder." 
12. "It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after 
processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by 
SEBl/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for 
representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again 
for its comments/ observations/ representations." 
13. "The listed entities involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection 
letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
14. "Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or 
opinions expressed in the documents submitted." 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited 
reference to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements 
within the provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with 
Hon'ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SE Bl/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared 
or approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the document submitted. 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company 
to the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about 
unlisted company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the 
Ma?ter circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from 
the date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation' at any stage if the 
information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or 
for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with 
any other requirements. 
Page 3 of 4 
SSE., 
The Power of Vibrance 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), 
read with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 
(Company Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein 
pursuant to an Order passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the 
proposed scheme of compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 
of the Companies Act 2013 as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange 
seeking representations or objections if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of 
serving such Notice along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through 
the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through 
the Listing Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to 
circular dated February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
Yours faithfully, w 
Marian Dsouza B~ 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page4of4 
Non -Confidential  Re
f: NSE/LIST/52856/52852        June 04, 2026 
Th
e Company Secretary  
D
ear Sir  /Madam , 
S
ub: Observation Letter  for draft scheme of Amalgamation of ACC Limited (“Amalgamating 
Company/ACC”) with Ambuja Cements Limited (“Amalgamated Company/Ambuja”) and their 
respective shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
W
e are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by ACC Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited. 
Ba
sed on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/52852/52856 dated March 13, 2026, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  SEBI 
vide its letter dated June 03, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft scheme of 
arrangement :  
a)T
he Companies  shall ensure that  the proposed composite Scheme of Arrangement is  in compliance
with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.
b)T
he Companies shall ensure that ACC Limited (ACC) and Ambuja Cements Limited (Ambuja)
discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery  proceedings, prosecution initiated and all
other enforcement action taken , if any, against ACC and Ambuja, their promoters and directors, before
Hon'ble NCLT and shar eholders, while seeking approval of the scheme.
c)Th
e Companies shall ensure that additional information, if any, s ubmitted by the Companies after
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter , is displayed on the
website(s) of the listed companies.
d)Th
e Companies shall ensure  that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any
changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEB I by the Stock Exchange(s),
except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal.
e)T
he Companies shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.
f)T
he Companies shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period more tha n
6 m
onths old.
g)T
he Companies shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, any, to be issued in terms of the "Scheme"
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.
Ref: NSE/LIST/52856/52852   June  04, 2026  Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  h)The Companies shall ensure that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicants complying 
with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
i)The Companies shall ensue that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the 
petition to be filed before NCLT and the companies are obliged to bring the observations to the 
notice of NCLT.
j)The Companies shall prominently disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the companies to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, so that public 
shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter:
i. A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement.
ii. The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme.
iii. A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or 
change in rights.
iv. A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the scheme.
v. The la test financials of ACC, and Ambuja, not older than 6 months from the date of Stock  
Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies' website and also disclosed in the explanatory  
statement.
vi. Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter group in 
ACC and Ambuja, before and after the scheme, and the corresponding change in public 
shareholding.
vii. Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter group in 
Ambuja, before and after execution of all the concurrent schemes, and the change in public  
shareholding.
viii. Details of the Registered Valuer issuing th e Valuation Report and the Merchant Banker 
issuing Fairness opinion, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the 
Share Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key assumptions.
ix. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of ACC and Ambuja for last 3 financial years.
x. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of ACC and Ambuja as on the date of Shareholders’ 
meeting notice, along with ra tionale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft 
Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
xi. The value of Assets and liabilities of ACC being transferred to Ambuja and post-sc heme  
balance sheet of Ambuja.
xii. Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution 
initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities involved in the 
scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs and the possible impac t of the same on  
Ambuja.
k)The Companies shall ensure compliance with the all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder.
Ref: NSE/LIST/52856/52852   June  04, 2026  Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  l) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the Companies before NCLT after processing and
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
Companies is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) 
of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
m) The Companies  shall ensure that the listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose 
the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.
n)Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI 
should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI 
does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of 
the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National Stock 
Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted. 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the companies before NCLT after processing 
and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. 
Hence, the companies is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under 
section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited again for its comments/observations/representations 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Companies, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Companies to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT. 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted to the 
Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye -laws 
and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by statutory 
authorities. 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from June 04, 2026, within which the Scheme 
shall be submitted to NCLT. 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other 
Act /Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Companies may be required to 
obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Companies are requested  to separately 
take up matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any. 
Ref: NSE/LIST/52856/52852   June  04, 2026  Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  The Compan ies shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each point 
of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > 
Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Saili Kamble 
Manager 
P.S. Checklist for all the Furthe r Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following 
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies-listing/raising -capital-further- issues-main -sme -checklist  