  
 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
E mail: investors.relation@adani.com 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717 
 
June 04, 2026 
 
To 
 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Limited 
 
 Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM    BSE Limited  
 
  
 Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg  Stock 
Exchange 
 
Code: US02336R2004  
 
 
Subject: Receipt of Observation Letters with ‘no adverse objection’ from the BSE Limited 
(“BSE”) and ‘no objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) in relation to the Scheme of Amalgamation of Orient Cement Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) with Ambuja Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”) 
under section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is in connection with our letter dated December 22, 2025 informing about the decision 
taken by the Board of Directors of the Company approving the proposed Scheme of 
Amalgamation between Orient Cement Limited (“Transferor Company”) and Ambuja 
Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”) under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”) and other applicable provisions of the Act read with rules made thereunder 
(“Scheme”), subject to receipt of various statutory and regulatory approvals.  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received observation 
letters with ‘no adverse objection’ from the BSE and ‘no objection’ from NSE on June 04, 
2026. Copies of said observation letters are enclosed herewith. The Scheme remains 
subject to various statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective 
shareholders/creditors of the Companies involved in the Scheme, as may be applicable.  
 
The observation letters received from BSE and NSE will also be made available on the 
website of the Company at www.ambujacement.com . 
 
We request you to bring the above to the notice of all concerned.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited 
 
 
Manish Mistry  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above 




Non-ConfidentialRef: NSE/LIST/52855/52857                               June 04, 2026
The Company Secretary
Ambuja Cements LimitedThe Company Secretary
Orient Cement Limited
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Observation Letter for draft scheme of Amalgamation of Orient Cement Limited 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
We are in receipt forcaptioneddraft scheme of amalgamation filed byAmbuja Cements Limited and 
Orient Cement Limited.
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/52855/52857 dated March 13, 2026, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93dated June 20, 2023and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
SEBI vide its letter dated June 04, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement: 
a) The Company shall ensure that the listed entities disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & 
recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, 
while seeking approval of the scheme.
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the listed entity, after 
filing the scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the website of the listed Companies and the Stock Exchange.
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master Circular 
and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to Transferee Company.
d) The listed entities shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies, if 
any, involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as 
provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement 
or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders 
for seeking approval.
e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not older than 6 months old. 

Ref: NSE/LIST/52855/52857                               June 04, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialf) The listed entities shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the listed entities to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders.
g) The listed entities shall ensurethat the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the 
h) The listed entity shall ensure that 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
i) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
j) The listed entities shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the entities is obliged to bring the 
observations to the notice of NCLT.
k) The listed entities shall comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for 
the proposed scheme.
l) The listed entities shallensure that the following additional disclosure to the public shareholders 
as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed 
to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision.
i. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies involved, pre and post 
scheme.
ii. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of listed entity.
iii. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.
iv. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company.
v. Details/ facts about the valuation including projections considered for valuation of 
Transferor and Transferee companies along with justification for growth rate considered 
for valuation.
vi. Latest financials of Transferor and Transferee Companies should be updated on the Website 
and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement.

Ref: NSE/LIST/52855/52857                               June 04, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialvii. Revised shareholding pattern of Transferor and Transferee Companies Pre and Post-
Scheme.
viii. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of Transferor and Transferee Companies as on the date 
of notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between 
filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
ix. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to 
the shareholders
x. Report on unpaid dues of Transferor and Transferee Companies as on the date of notice of 
shareholders meeting.
xi. Details of complaints received by the Transferor and Transferee Companies w.r.t the scheme 
and status thereof.
xii. The company shall ensure the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the company to the stock exchange 
as per Annexure-L of exchange checklist.
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the Company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/observations/representations.
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the entity involved in the proposed scheme before the 
NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock 
exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under 
section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) again for 
its comments/observations/representations.
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.

Ref: NSE/LIST/52855/52857                               June 04, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-ConfidentialBased on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
terms of Regulation 37of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.
June 04, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status. 
Yours faithfully, 
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Shiwani Mundhra
Manager
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                           
URL:https://www.nseindia.com/companies-listing/raising-capital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist
