 
 
Ambuja Cements Limited  
Registered Office:  
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79 -2656 5555  
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
 
 
December 22, 2025  
 To 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited  
 
  Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM  BSE Limited  
  
Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg  Stock  
Exchange  
 
Code: US02336R2004  
  
Sub.:  Capital Market Q&A on -  Amalgamation of ACC Limited and Orient Cement Limited 
with Ambuja Cements Limited  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation of our disclosure dated December 22, 2025, we submit herewith a 
presentation on Capital Market Q&A on the amalgamation of ACC Limited and Orient 
Cement Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited . 
 
The said Capital Market Q&A  will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.ambujacement.com . 
  Kindly take the same on record.  
 Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited  
 
 
 
Manish Mistry  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above  
 
 
Capital Markets Q&A
Amalgamation of ACC Ltd & Orient 
Cement Ltd with Ambuja Cements Ltd
 22nd December 2025
1
Capital Market Q&A
1. 
What is the strategic rationale for merger of ACC & Orient ?
Ans: The merger  of ACC and Orient  will establish  ‘One Cement  Platform ’, creating  PAN -India  Cement  Powerhouse .
• The merger  will deliver  operational  synergistic  benefits  by optimizing  manufacturing  and logistics  networks,  streamlining  
corporate  structure,  strengthening  balance  sheet  and facilitating  efficient  capital  allocation  to support  growth  and bolster  
market  leadership .
• The merger  will simplify  and rationalise  the network,  branding  and sales  promotion  related  spends . This will optimise  costs  
and improve  margins  by at least  Rs. 100 PMT,  Merger  will facilitate  achieving  targeted  cost,  margin  expansion  and growth  
metrics .
• The amalgamation  will unify  manufacturing  and supply  chain  functions,  optimize  resource  allocation,  and streamline  the 
group’s  structure  by reducing  multiple  entities  in the same  line of business . Post  approvals,  all stakeholders  will engage  
with  a single,  unified  company .
• The amalgamation  will enable  to deploy  its financial,  managerial,  and operational  resources  more  effectively . With  all 
resources  under  the management  of a single  entity,  both  allocation  and utilization  can be optimized  to support  group’s  
strategic  objectives .
• The amalgamation  is in alignment  with  the group’s  long -term  vision  of consolidation  and sustainable  growth . Over  time,  the 
unified  structure  is expected  to generate  increased  value  for shareholders,  supporting  the group’s  ongoing  commitment  to 
delivering  sustainable  returns .
2. Could you please provide the share exchange ratio, or swap ratio, for both ACC and Orient?
Ans: For every  100 equity  shares  of ACC with  a face  value  of Rs. 10/- each,  Ambuja  Cements  will issue  328 equity  shares  with  a 
face  value  of Rs. 2/- each,  to eligible  shareholders  of ACC.
For every  100 equity  shares  of Orient  Cement  with  a face  value  of Re. 1/- each,  Ambuja  Cements  will issue  33 equity  shares  with  
a face  value  of Rs. 2/- each,  to eligible  shareholders  of Orient  Cement .
2
Capital Market Q&A
3
3
. Could you please specify the advisors involved for the merger of ACC and Orient? 
Ans:
Particulars Advisors
ValuationM/s GT Valuation Advisors Pvt. Ltd
M/s BDO Valuation Advisory LLP
Fairness Opinion on ValuationM/s IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Ltd
M/s SBI Capital Market Limited
LegalM/s Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas
M/s Singhi & Co
4. What is the Appointed Date for the proposed merger 
 of ACC Ltd. and Orient Cement Ltd.? 
Ans: For ACC Ltd., Appointed  Date  is 1st January  2026  and for Orient  Cement  Ltd. Appointed  Date  is 1st May 2025 . 
5. Will the approval of the Competition Commission of India (CCI) be required?
Ans: As per section  6(2) of the Competition  Act, 2002 , no approval  of Competition  Commission  of India  (CCI)  is required  to be 
obtained  as these  transactions  are intra -group  merger  (i.e. merger  of subsidiaries  with  parent ).
6. Following the completion of the merger, what will be the status of the MSA mechanism?
Ans: Post  merger  of the subsidiaries  with  Ambuja,  there  is no specific  MSA  required  with  ACC,  Orient,  Penna  & Sanghi  as these  
companies  will become  integral  part of Ambuja .
Capital Market Q&A
7. What will be the post merger corporate structure and what will happen to subsidiaries of ACC?
4Ans:
Pre Merger Proposed Transactions Post Merger
Ambuja Cements Limited
ACC#Orient50.05% 72.66%
Subsidiaries 
of ACCAmbuja Cements Limited
Erstwhile ACC 
Subsidiaries will become 
Ambuja’s subsidiaries➢ACC and Orient  to be amalgamated  with  Ambuja  
➢Ambuja  will issue  shares  to the  public  shareholders  as 
part of the proposed  transaction
➢Shares  held by Ambuja  will be cancelled  
➢All assets,  including  intangible  assets  like brand  &  
trademarks,  and all liabilities  will transfer  to Ambuja  
➢All the subsidiaries  of ACC will become  the subsidiary  of 
Ambuja
➢There  are no subsidiaries  or JVs entered  by Orient  
➢Promoter  & Promoter  Group  holding  in Ambuja  will be 
60.94%^ from  67.65% post  approval  of all ongoing  and 
proposed  scheme  of merger  of Sanghi,  Penna,  Orient  and 
ACC
* Merger of Sanghi and Penna with Ambuja approved by Board and currently under statutory approval.
# 6.64% share capital is held by Ambuja promoters
^ Subject to all regulatory /statutory  approvals for all the mergers.Penna*99.94%
Sanghi*58.08%
Capital Market Q&A
8
. Could you please provide the regional and company
 -
wise capacities for ACC and Orient, along with the 
number of plant units each company operates?
5Ans: Adani  Cement  currently  has a 107 MTPA  Cement  Capacity . It includes  24 Integrated  Units  (IUs), 22 Grinding  Units  (GUs), 
and 116+ Ready  Mix Concrete  Plants .
Region UoM Ambuja* ACC Orient Adani Cement
Central MTPA 2.5 7.1 9.6
East MTPA 12.0 11.6 23.5
North MTPA 10.6 8.7 19.3
South MTPA 13.0 10.1 6.5 29.4
West MTPA 19.6 2.9 2.0 24.5
Total  Capacity MTPA 57.6 40.4 8.5 107.0
Total  IUs Nos 11 11 2 24
Total  GUs Nos 13 8 1 22
* Including Sanghi and Penna capacity for which merger scheme is already announced
9
. What is Adani Cement's brand strategy following the merger?
Ans: Post  these  mergers,  the Adani  Ambuja  Cements  and Adani  ACC brands  will continue  to operate  as usual,  depending  on the 
leading  product  brands  in their  respective  segments .
Capital Market Q&A
6
10. What will be the treatment of merger on 
 Ambuja's  
financial statements?
Ans: As per pooling  of interest  method,  all the assets  and liabilities  including  reserves  of ACC/Orient  Cements  as appeared  in 
Ambuja  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  will be transferred  to Ambuja  Standalone  Financial  Statement s.
11
. Will this proposed transaction affect the incentives receivable for ACC?
Ans: ACC is currently  availing  incentives  in the state  of Maharashtra,  Madhya  Pradesh  and Uttar  Pradesh . Post  merger,  the 
benefit  should  continue  to accrue  to Ambuja  for the residual  period  of the incentive  scheme .
1
3
. 
From ESG perspective, what would be the impact of ACC merger
 ?
Ans: Post -merger  under  one cement  platform,  best  ESG practices  across  the entities  will facilitate  a unified  approach  across  all 
business  operations . This alignment  will not only enhance  our ESG scores  but also strengthen  key performance  indicators  (KPIs)  
related  to environmental  stewardship,  social  responsibility,  and governance  excellence .
1
4
. 
What are the expected timelines for completing these transactions?
Ans: Subject  to requisite  approvals  such  as Shareholders,  Creditors,  SEBI  ,NCLT  etc, transaction  is expected  to be completed  
over a period  of twelve  months .
1
2
. 
What will happen in case of fractional entitlement under the scheme of amalgamation?
Ans: As per the SEBI  regulations,  the fractional  entitlements,  if any, shall  be aggregated  and held by the trust,  nominated  by 
the Board  in that behalf,  who shall  sell such  shares  in the market  at such  price,  within  a period  of 90 days  from  the date  of 
allotment  of shares,  as per the draft  scheme  submitted  to SEBI .
The listed  company  shall  submit  to the designated  stock  exchange  a report  from  its Audit  Committee  and the Independent  
Directors  certifying  that the listed  entity  has compensated  the eligible  shareholders . Both  the reports  shall  be submitted  
within  7 days  of compensating  the shareholders .
Disclaimer
Certain statements made in this presentation may not be based on historical information or facts and may be “forward -looking sta tements,” including those relating to general business plans 
and strategy of Ambuja Cements Limited (“Ambuja”), the future outlook and growth prospects, and future developments of the bu siness and the competitive and regulatory environment, and 
statements which contain words or phrases such as ‘will’, ‘expected to’, etc., or similar expressions or variations of such e xpressions. Actual results may differ materially from these forward -
looking statements due to number of factors, including future changes or developments in their business, their competitive en vironment, their ability to implement their strategies and initiatives 
and respond to technological changes and political, economic, regulatory and social conditions in India. This presentation do es not constitute a prospectus, offering circular or offering 
memorandum or an offer, or a solicitation of any offer, to purchase or sell, any shares and should not be considered as a rec omm endation that any investor should subscribe for or purchase any 
of Ambuja’s  shares. Neither this presentation nor any other documentation or information (or any part thereof) delivered or supplied unde r or in relation to the shares  shall be deemed to 
constitute an offer of or an invitation by or on behalf of Ambuja.
Ambuja, as such, makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to, and does not accept any responsibility or li ability with respect to, the fairness, accuracy,  completeness or 
correctness of any information or opinions contained herein. The information contained in this presentation, unless otherwise  specified is only current as of 
the date of this presentation. Ambuja assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward -looking statemen ts, based on any  subsequent development, information or 
events, or otherwise. Unless otherwise stated in this document, the information contained herein is based on management infor mation and estimates. 
The information contained herein is subject to change without notice and past performance is not indicative of future results . Ambuja may alter, modify or otherwise change 
in any manner the content of this presentation, without obligation to notify any person of such revision or changes.
No person is authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in and not consistent with this p resentation and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by or on behalf of Ambuja.
This presentation does not constitute an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities in any jurisdiction,  including the United States. No part of this 
presentation should form the basis of or be relied upon in connection with any investment decision or any contract or commitm ent to purchase or subscribe for any securities. None of our 
securities may be offered or sold in the United States, without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amende d, or pursuant to an exemption from registration therefrom.
For further info, please contact:
CA Deepak Balwani
Head, Investor Relations
deepak.balwani@adani.com
Ambuja Cements Limited
Registered office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram , Near Vaishno  Devi Circle, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 382421.
Ph: +91 79265 65555;  www.ambujacement.com ; CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717
