 
 
Ambuja Cements Limited  
Registered Office:  
Adani Corporate House  
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79 -2656 5555  
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
 
 
December 22, 2025  
 To 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited  
 
  Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM  BSE Limited  
  
Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg  Stock  
Exchange  
 
Code: US02336R2004  
  
Sub.:  Media Release on – “Ambuja Cements Limited Board Approves Amalgamation of 
ACC Limited and Orient Cement Limited ” 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation of our disclosure dated December 22, 2025, we submit herewith a Media 
Release on the subject –  “Ambuja Cements Limited Board Approves Amalgamation of ACC 
Limited and Orient Cement Limited”.  
 The said Media Release will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.ambujacement.com . 
  Kindly take the same on record.  
 Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited  
 
 
 
Manish Mistry  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: as above  
 
 
Media Release  
Ambuja  Cement s Limited  Board Approves Amalgamation  of 
ACC Limited and Orient Cement  Limited  
EDITOR’S SYNOPSIS  
• The merger will create a Pan -India Cement Powerhouse.  
• The merger will deliver operational synergistic benefits  by optimi sing manufacturing and 
logistics networks, streamlin ing corporate structure , strengthen ing balance sheet and 
facilitating efficient capital allocation to support growth  and bolster market leadership .  
• The merger will simplify and rationalise the network, branding and sales promotion related 
spends . This will help to optimise costs and improve margin  by at least Rs. 100 PMT.  Merger 
will facilitate achieving targeted cost, margin expansion and growth metric s. 
• For every 100 equity shares of ACC with a face value of Rs. 10/ - each, Ambuja will issue 328 
equity shares with a face value of Rs. 2/ - each, to eligible shareholders of ACC.  
• For every 100 equity shares of Orient Cement with a face value of Re. 1/- each, Ambuja 
Cements will issue 33 equity shares with a face value of Rs. 2/ - each, to eligible shareholders 
of Orient Cement.  
• Subject to requisite approvals, transaction expected to be completed over next one year .  
Ahmedabad, 22 December 2025:  In a significant development for India's cement sector, 
Ambuja Cements Limited, part of the Adani Group, has received approval for two separate 
Scheme s of Amalgamation from  its Board of Directors to merge ACC Limited and Orient Cement 
Limited, establishing a single consolidated ‘One Cement Platform’.  
 
Mr. Karan Adani , Non-Executive Director  – Ambuja Cements Limited , Adani Group , said,  “This 
consolidation represents a transformational step in building a globally competitive, integrated 
cement and building materials organisation. By bringing Ambuja Cements, ACC, and Orient 
Cement under a single corporate structure, we are strengthening ou r ability to drive 
operational excellence, accelerate growth, and deliver sustainable long -term value. This merger 
builds on our already proven track record to further position the business to drive efficiency 
and productivity. A robust and resilient balan ce sheet positions the unified strong entity to 
effectively support future growth initiatives .”  
 
This consolidation is a major step for Adani Group’s cement business, creating an integrated 
and stronger entity with greater scale, efficienc ies, and financial strength.   
1. Operational and Financial Synergies:  The merger will unlock greater operational 
efficiencies, optimi se manufacturing and logistics, and enable efficient capital 
deployment . These improvements will boost profitability, support capacity expansion , 
and enhance long -term shareholder returns . 
2. Simplified Corporate Structure : The amalgamation eliminates structural duplication, 
reduces administrative costs, and enables faster, more agile decision -making. In 
addition, there will be no specific MSA required with ACC, Orient, Penna & Sanghi as 
these subsidiaries will become an integral part of Ambuja  Cements . 
3. Strong  and Debt -Free Balance Sheet : This initiative aligns with Ambuja  Cement s’ 
strategic plan to increase cement production capacity from 107 MTPA to 155 MTPA by 
FY28, facilitating efficient capital allocation and prompt adaptation to market 
requirements.  
 
 
4. Direct Shareholding in a Stronger Entity: This strategic amalgamation is not just a 
merger of companies; it is a powerful step forward for shareholders, offering direct 
participation in a stronger, more agile, and future -ready leader in the cement industry . 
5. Enhanced Scale and Market Leadership : The proposed amalgamation brings together 
two of India’s most established and trusted cement brands (i.e. Ambuja  & ACC) under 
one unified corporate structure. The ‘Adani Ambuja Cements ’ & ‘Adani ACC ’ brands will 
continue to operate as usual, with their leading product brands in respective markets . 
6. Stakeholder -Centric Approach : The Scheme of Amalgamation of Sanghi Industries and 
Penna Cement with Ambuja are also at different stages of approval.  Post approvals,  all 
stakeholders will engage with a single, unified company . 
7. Unified ESG Leadership : The merged entity will benefit from a consolidated ESG 
framework to accelerate renewable energy adoption, low -carbon cement solutions, and 
sustainable practices . 
 
Advisors for the abovesaid transactions: M/s GT Valuation Advisors Pvt. Ltd. & M/s BDO 
Valuation Advisory LLP , registered valuers are the independent joint valuers, M/s IDBI Capital 
Markets & Securities Ltd . and M/s SBI Capital Markets Ltd. have  provided opinion s on fairness 
of the joint valuation s, M/s Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas and M/s Singhi & Co . are legal advisors . 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----- 
About A mbuja Cements Limited  
Ambuja Cements Limited is the 9th largest building materials solutions company globally, a key part of the 
diversified Adani Portfolio  – the country’s fastest -growing portfolio of sustainable businesses. With a cement 
capacity of ~107 MTPA across 24 integrated manufacturing plants and 22 grinding units, Ambuja Cements is 
at the forefront of building a greener, stronger India. The Company  is accelerating its decarbonisation journey 
through investments in 1 GW of renewable energy (solar + wind), 376 MW of Was te Heat Recovery Systems 
(WHRS) by FY’28, and a strategic partnership with Coolbrook to deploy zero -carbon RotoDynamic Heater ™ 
(RDH ™) technology. Ambuja Cements has achieved 12x water positivity and 11x plastic negativity. It is 
committed to net -zero by 2050, being amongst the four large -scale building materials companies in the world, 
with its near -term and net -zero targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Its innovative 
products are listed in the GRIHA product catalogue, and the C ompany operates a captive port network with 
ten terminals for cleaner, cost -effective bulk cement shipments. Recognised among ‘India’s Most Trusted 
Cement Brands’ by TRA Research and ‘Iconic Brands of India 2024’ by The Economic Times, Ambuja Cements 
is th e world’s first cement manufacturer to join the Alliance for Industrial Decarbonization (AFID),  a global 
alliance facilitated by IRENA  and a member of LeadIT, first global high -level initiative on reaching net -zero 
emissions from heavy industry .  
For further information on this release, please contact:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour Statement  
 
This press release contains forward -looking statements relating to Ambuja Cements Limited and ACC Limited’s 
future operations, performance, and financial outlook, which are based on current assumptions and 
expectations. These statements involve inherent ri sks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those anticipated. Factors such as changes in market conditions, economic 
developments, regulatory requirements, industry dynamics, and unforeseen circumstances may impact the 
company’s performance. Ambuja Cements Limited and ACC Limited undertake no obligation to publicly update 
or revise any forward -looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
For a detailed discussion of these risks , please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (SEBI) and other relevant regulatory authorities.  For media queries, please contact:  For investor relations, please contact:  
Mitul Thakkar  CA. Deepak Balwani  
Adani Portfolio  Ambuja Cements Limited  
Tel: +91 79 2555 0539  Tel: + 91 79 6825 3847  
mitul.thakkar@adani.com  deepak.balwani@adani.com   