 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717  
 
 
November 26, 2025  
 
 To 
 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
 
Scrip Code: AMBUJACEM  BSE Limited 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500425  Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Code: US02336R2004  
 
 
Sub.: Notice convening the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Ambuja Cements 
Limited (“Transferee Company” or “Company”) pursuant to the Order passed by the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“Hon’ble Tribunal”) in 
respect of Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) and the Company and their respective shareholders 
(“Scheme”). 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We wish to inform you that as directed by the Hon’ble Tribunal pursuant to the order dated 
October 31, 2025, read with order dated November 19, 2025, a meeting of the Equity 
Shareholders of the Company shall be held on Tuesday, December 30, 2025,  at 11:00 a.m. 
IST (1100 hours) through Video Conferencing (“ VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“ OAVM”), 
to consider, and if thought fit, approve the arrangement embodied in the Scheme. 
 
The Notice, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and the Annexures thereto (“ Notice”) is enclosed herewith. 
The same is also being sent today through electronic mode to those equity shareholders 
whose email IDs are registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent/depositories/the 
Company as on Friday, November 21, 2025. 
 
The Company is providing electronic voting facility (remote e-voting and e-voting during 
the Meeting) to its equity shareholders to enable them to cast their votes. The details 
regarding electronic voting are provided below: 
 
EVSN 251117007 
Cut-off Date for E -Voting Tuesday , December  23, 2025 
Start Date and Time  Friday, December  26, 2025, at 09:00 a.m. IST ( 0900 
hours) 
End Date and Time  Monday , December 29 , 2025, at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 
hours) 
 
The remote· e-voting module will be disabled by CDSL 
thereafter.  
 
Ambuja Cements Limited 
Registered Office: 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 
www.ambujacement.com 
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717 
Those equity shareholders, who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the 
Meeting. 
The information and instructions for attending the Meeting including the manner of voting 
by the equity shareholders of the Company have been provided in the Notice of the 
Meeting. 
All the above-mentioned documents will be posted on the Company's website at 
www.ambujacement.com .  
Yours faithfully,  
For Ambuja Cements Limited  
Manish Mistry 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
Encl.: as above 
1AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
Registered Office :Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India
Tel No. :+91 79-2656 5555
CIN :L26942GJ1981PLC004717
Website :www.ambujacement.com
E-mail :investors.relation@adani.com
MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
(convened pursuant to the order dated October 31, 2025, read with order dated November 19, 2025,
passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench)
MEETING:
Day Tuesday
Date December 30, 2025
Time 11 a.m. IST (1100 hours)
Mode Through Video Conference/Other Audio-Visual Means
REMOTE E-VOTING:
Start Date and Time Friday, December 26, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. IST (0900 hours)
End Date and Time Monday, December 29, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours)
Cut-off Date for E-Voting Tuesday, December 23, 2025
E-VOTING DURING THE MEETING
E-voting shall be available to the Equity Shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited during the Meeting.NOTICE - EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
2
Ambuja Cements LimitedINDEX
Sr. No. Contents Page No.
1. Notice convening the meeting of the equity shareholders (which also consists public shareholders) of Ambuja 
Cements Limited under the directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench04
2. Explanatory Statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 201612
3. Annexure 1
Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their 
respective shareholders under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 201337
4. Annexure 2
Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer 
(IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited (Valuation Report 1)70
5. Annexure 3
Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 2024, issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI 
registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited (Fairness Opinion 1)89
6. Annexure 4
Copy of the Addendum to Valuation Report 1, dated March 3, 2025, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , 
Registered Valuer, in respect of Valuation Report 1 (Addendum to Valuation Report 1)95
7. Annexure 5
Copy of the Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1, dated March 3, 2025, issued by Vivro Financial Services Private 
Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, in respect of Addendum to Valuation Report 1 ( Addendum to Fairness 
Opinion 1)96
8. Annexure 6
Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 2024, submitted by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, 
Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of the Ambuja Cements Limited (Valuation Report 2)98
9. Annexure 7
Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 2024, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI 
registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Fairness Opinion 2)109
10. Annexure 8
Copy of the Addendum to Valuation Report 2, dated March 3, 2025, issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private 
Limited, Registered Valuer, in respect of Valuation Report 2 (Addendum to Valuation Report 2)115
11. Annexure 9
Copy of the Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2, dated March 3, 2025, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities 
Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, in respect of Addendum to Valuation Report 2 (Addendum to Fairness 
Opinion 2)116
12. Annexure 10
Copy of the No Complaint Report dated April 8, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited118
13. Annexure 11
Copy of the No Complaint Report dated March 7, 2025, submitted by Ambuja Cements Limited to BSE Limited120
14. Annexure 12Copy of the no-objection letter dated April 30, 2025, from National Stock Exchange of India Limited to Ambuja 
Cements Limited122
15. Annexure 13
Copy of the no adverse observations letter dated April 29, 2025, from BSE Limited to Ambuja Cements Limited125
3Sr. No. Contents Page No.
16. Annexure 14
Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action 
taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited its promoters and directors”128
17. Annexure 15
Details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (i) clause m) of the no-objection letter dated 
April 30, 2025, received from NSE; and (ii) clause M. of the no adverse observation letter dated April 29, 2025, received from BSE141
18. Annexure 16
Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited, pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013183
19. Annexure 17
Copy of the report adopted by the Board of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited, pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 232(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013187
20. Annexure 18
Summary of the Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2, including the basis of such Valuation Report 1 and 
Valuation Report 2 and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2191
21. Annexure 19
Copy of the unaudited financial results of Penna Cement Industries Limited for the quarter ended  
September 30, 2025194
22. Annexure 20Copy of the unaudited financial results of Ambuja Cements Limited for the quarter ended September 30, 2025206
23. Annexure 21The applicable information of Penna Cement Industries Limited in the format specified for abridged prospectus 
as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018240
4
Ambuja Cements LimitedBEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL,
AHMEDABAD BENCH
C.A. (CAA)/ 57 (AHM) 2025
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with other 
applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement
between
Penna Cement Industries Limited (“Transferor Company”)
and
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and
their respective shareholders
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED , 
a company incorporated 
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.  
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717)
))))))… APPLICANT NO. 
2 / TRANSFEREE 
COMPANY
NOTICE CONVENING THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS (WHICH ALSO CONSISTS PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS) OF AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED
To,All the equity shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited:NOTICE is hereby given  that by an order dated October 31, 2025, 
read with order dated November 19, 2025 (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Order”), the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred to as the “NCL T”) has directed convening of a meeting of the Equity Shareholders (hereinafter referred to as “equity shareholders”) of Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “ Applicant No. 
2” or the “Transferee Company” , as the context may admit) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Applicant No. 1” or the “Transferor Company” as the context may admit) and the Transferee Company and their respective shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the “Scheme”) pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Companies Act”) and the other 
applicable provisions thereof and applicable rules thereunder.
In pursuance of the Order and as directed therein, this Notice is 
hereby given that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company will be held on Tuesday, December 30, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (1100 hours) IST through Video Conference (“ VC”)/
Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM ”) (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Meeting”) in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act; General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020; No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020; No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020; No. 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020; No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020; No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020; No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021; No. 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021; No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021; No. 2/2022 dated May 5, 2022; No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022; No. 9/2023 dated September 25, 2023; No. 9/2024 dated September 19, 2024; and No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (hereinafter referred to as the “ MCA Circulars”); 
and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024, issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as the “ Circular issued by SEBI”) and 
the equity shareholders are requested to attend the Meeting to transact the following business:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution for 
approval of the Scheme by the requisite statutory majority:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 - 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other rules, circulars and notifications made thereunder (including any amendment, statutory modification, variation or re-enactment thereof) as may be applicable; Section 2(1B) of the Income-tax Act, 1961; the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force); the Securities and Exchange Board of India Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and duly amended from time to time; and subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Ambuja Cements Limited (“Company”) and subject to the approval of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“NCL T”) and subject to such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other authorities or tribunals, as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the NCLT or by any regulatory or other authorities, while granting such consents, approvals and permissions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board” , which term shall be 
deemed to mean and include one or more committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by the Board or any person(s) which the Board may nominate to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by this resolution), the arrangement embodied in the Scheme of 
Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited and Ambuja Cements Limited and their respective shareholders (“Scheme”) the draft of which was circulated along with this Notice, be and is hereby approved.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby authorized to 
do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute 
discretion deem requisite, desirable, appropriate or necessary to give effect to the above resolution and effectively implement the arrangement embodied in the Scheme and to accept such modifications, amendments, limitations and/or conditions, if any, which may be required and/or imposed by the NCLT while sanctioning 
5the arrangement embodied in the Scheme or by any authorities under 
law, or as may be required for the purpose of resolving any questions or doubts or difficulties that may arise or meaning or interpretation of the Scheme or implementation thereof or in any matter whatsoever connected therewith, including passing of such accounting entries and /or making such adjustments in the books of accounts as considered necessary in giving effect to the Scheme, as the Board may deem fit and proper.”
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that since this Meeting is held pursuant 
to the Order passed by the NCLT and in compliance with the MCA 
Circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the present Meeting and hence, the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a certified scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/ Authority letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘AMBUJA’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through his registered email id address to raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the Transferee Company at investors.relation@adani.com by quoting the concerned DP ID and 
Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in CDSL e-voting system for verification by scrutiniser.
TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that
a) in compliance with the provisions of (i) MCA Circulars;  
(ii) Circular issued by SEBI; (iii) Sections 108 and 230 of the 
Companies Act read with the rules framed thereunder, as amended; (iv) Regulation 44 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended; and (v) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Transferee Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“ CDSL”) for the 
purpose of providing facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting so as to enable the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders (as defined in the Notes below), to consider and if thought fit, approve the Scheme by way of the aforesaid resolution. Accordingly, voting by equity shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be carried out only through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting;
b) in c ompliance with the MCA Circulars read with the Circular 
issued by SEBI and the Order passed by NCLT, (a) the aforesaid Notice, (b) the Scheme, (c) the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act re ad with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, and (d) the enclosures as indicated in the Index (collectively referred to as “ Particulars”), are being 
sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered with MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly, Link Intime India Private Limited), the Transferee Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (hereinafter referred to as  
“MUFG Intime”)/depositories/Transferee Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday,  
November 21, 2025;
c) the equit y shareholders may note that the aforesaid 
Particulars will be available on the Transferee Company’s website at https://www.ambujacement.com/investors/
scheme-of-arrangement-amalgamation, and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., the National  
Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited at  
www.nseindia.com and www.bseindia.com, respectively, 
and on the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com;
d) c opies of the aforesaid Particulars can be obtained free of 
charge, between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. on all working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting  
from the registered office of the Transferee Company at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India; or by sending a request, along with  
the details of your shareholding, by email at  
investors.relation@adani.com; or from the office of its advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India;
e) T he Transferee Company has extended the remote e-voting 
facility for its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting are appended to the Notice. The equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, opting to cast their votes by remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting are requested to read the instructions in the Notes below carefully. In case of remote e-voting, the votes should be cast in the manner described in the instructions from Friday, December 26, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. IST (0900 hours) to Monday, December 29, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST (1700 hours);
f) the NCL T has appointed Hon’ble Mr. Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri, 
former Chief Justice, High Court of Orrisa, and in his absence, Hon’ble Mr. Justice S H Vora, former Judge of High Court of Gujarat, to be the Chairman of the Meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof;
g) A tleast one independent director of the Transferee Company 
and the statutory auditor (or his authorized representative 
who is qualifie d to be an auditor) of the Transferee Company 
shall be attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM;
6
Ambuja Cements Limitedh) M r. Raimeen Maradiya, Partner, Chirag Shah and Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. 11283 
& C.P . No. 17554) has been appointed as the scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting during the Meeting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner;
i) the scrutiniz er shall after the conclusion of e-voting at the 
Meeting, first download the votes cast during the Meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes, if any, and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and submit his combined report to the Chairman of the Meeting. The scrutinizer will also submit a separate report with regard to the result of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in respect of the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, in compliance with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India). The scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the votes shall be final. The results of the votes cast through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting including separate results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders (which term shall have the meaning as assigned to it under Rule 2(e) of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957), will be announced on or before close of business hours on Thursday, January 1, 2026. The results, together with the scrutinizer’s report, will be displayed at the registered office of the Transferee Company, on the website of the Transferee Company, and on the website of CDSL at  
www.evotingindia.com and shall be communicated to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, within the timelines specified in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
j) the S cheme, if approved by the equity shareholders at the 
Meeting, will be subject to the subsequent approval of NCLT; and
k) a c opy of the explanatory statement under Sections 230(3), 
232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Companies Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and any other applicable provisions of Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, the Scheme and Particulars are enclosed.
Dated this November 25, 2025
Justice (Retd.) Kalpesh Jhaveri
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Registered office: Adani Corporate House,
   Shan tigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,
   S. G. H ighway, Khodiyar,
   Ahmedabad – 382 421,
  Gujarat, India.Notes:
1. General instructions for accessing and participating in the Meeting through VC/OAVM Facility and voting through electronic means including remote e-voting
 (a) Pursuant to the Order passed by the NCLT read with 
MCA Circulars and the Circular issued by SEBI, Meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company will be held through VC/OAVM.
 (b )  Sinc e, the Meeting is being held pursuant to Order 
passed by the NCLT and MCA Circulars read with the Circular issued by SEBI through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of the equity shareholders has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for the Meeting. However, in pursuance of Section 113 of the Companies Act, authorized representatives of institutional/corporate equity shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM  
facility and e-voting during the Meeting provided that such equity shareholders sends a scanned copy  
(PDF/JPG Format) of its board or governing body resolution/authorization/Power of Attorney/Authorization letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM on its behalf, vote through e-voting during the Meeting and/or to vote through remote e-voting, on its behalf. The scanned image of the abovementioned documents should be in the name format ‘AMBUJA’ . The said resolution/authorization shall be sent to the scrutinizer by email through his registered email id address to raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com and to the 
Transferee Company at investors.relation@adani.com 
by quoting the concerned DP ID and Client ID or Folio Number, before the VC/OAVM Meeting or before the remote e-voting, as the case may be. The corporate equity shareholders can also upload documents in CDSL e-voting system for verification by scrutiniser.
 (c) Sinc e the Meeting is being held through VC/OAVM, 
the deemed venue of the Meeting shall be the registered office of the Transferee Company.
 (d) The quorum of the Meeting of the equity shareholders 
of the Transferee Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Companies Act, which shall be 30 (Thirty) equity shareholders. The equity shareholders attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act. In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.
7 (e) In terms of the MCA Circulars and the Order passed 
by the NCLT, the aforesaid Particulars are being 
sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose e-mail IDs are registered with MUFG Intime/depositories/the Transferee Company. The aforesaid Particulars are being sent to those equity shareholders of the Transferee Company whose email IDs are registered and whose names appear in the register of members/list of beneficial owners on Friday, November 21, 2025.
 (f )  CDSL, the Transferee Company’s e-voting agency, 
will provide the facility for voting by the equity shareholders through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the Meeting.
 (g) All the documents mentioned in clause 66 of the 
accompanying explanatory statement, shall be available for inspection through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting. Equity shareholders seeking to inspect copies of the said documents may send an email at investors.relation@
adani.com. Further, all the documents mentioned in clause 66 of the accompanying explanatory statement shall also be open for inspection by the equity shareholders at the registered office of the Transferee Company between 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., on all working days up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting. A transcript/recording of the Meeting shall also be made available on the website of the Transferee Company at  
www.ambujacement.com.
 (h) The Notice convening the Meeting will be published 
through advertisement in Indian Express (All editions) in the English language and Gujarati translation thereof in Financial Express (Ahmedabad edition).
 (i) Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/
CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI Schemes Master Circular”) issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI”), inter alia, provides that approval 
of Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Transferee Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. For this purpose, the term “ Public” shall have the 
meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term  
“Public Shareholders” shall be construed 
accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Transferee Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
  NCL T, by its Order, has, inter alia, held that since the 
Transferee Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
 ( j)  The Scheme shall be considered approved by the 
equity shareholders of the Transferee Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing  
three-fourth in value of the equity shareholders e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230 – 232 of the Companies Act.
 (k) Further, in accordance with the SEBI Schemes Master 
Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders (through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting) in favour of the aforesaid resolution for approval of Scheme is more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
 (l) Sinc e the Meeting will be held through VC/OAVM in 
accordance with the Order passed by NCLT and MCA Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.
 (m) The voting rights of the equity shareholders shall 
be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferee Company as on Cut-Off Date, i.e., Tuesday, December 23, 2025.
 (n) A person, whose name is recorded in the register 
of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the MUFG Intime/depositories/Transferee Company as on the Cut-Off Date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 (o )  In case of joint holders, an equity shareholder whose 
name appears higher in the order of names as per the Register of Members of the Transferee Company will be entitled to vote at the Meeting, provided the votes are not already cast through remote e-voting.
 (p )  All grievances connected with the facility for 
voting by electronic means may be addressed to  
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 1800 21 09911.
8
Ambuja Cements Limited2. Procedure for joining the Meeting through VC/OAVM
 (a) The equity shareholders will be able to attend the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM or view the live webcast 
of the Meeting at www.evotingindia.com by using 
their remote e-voting login credentials and selecting the ‘EVSN’ for the Meeting as per the instructions mentioned below. Individual equity shareholders having securities in demat mode will have to login from the depository web site and non-individual shareholders and physical shareholders will have to login from CDSL portal for voting as well as for participation in the Meeting.
 (b )  The equity shareholders may join the Meeting 
through laptop(s), smartphone(s), tablet(s) or iPad(s) for better experience. Further, the equity shareholders will be required to use internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the Meeting.  
Equity shareholders will need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer 11, MS Edge or Mozilla Firefox.
  Please note that the participants connecting from 
mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches. Equity shareholders will be required to grant access to the webcam to enable two-way video conferencing.
 (c) Facility to join the Meeting will be opened 30 (thirty) 
minutes before the scheduled time of the Meeting and will be kept open throughout the proceedings of the Meeting.
 (d) The facility of participation at the Meeting through 
VC/OAVM will be made available on first come, first served basis. Large shareholders (i.e. shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), promoters, institutional investors, directors, key managerial personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. will not be subject to the aforesaid restriction of  
first-come-first-serve basis.
 (e) The equity shareholders who would like to express 
their views or ask questions during the Meeting may register themselves as speakers by mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id and mobile number, at investors.relation@adani.
com . The speaker registration will be open during 
Friday, December 26, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Monday, December 29, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). Only those equity shareholders who are registered as speakers will be allowed to express their views or ask questions.  
Equity shareholders are requested to limit their question only related to business of the Notice.
 (f )  The Chairman, at its discretion reserves the right 
to restrict the number of questions and number of Speakers, depending upon availability of time as appropriate for smooth conduct of the Meeting.
3. Instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting
 (a) In compliance with the provisions of section 108 
of the Companies Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, MCA Circulars and the Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Transferee Company is pleased to provide to its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolution proposed to be considered at the Meeting by electronic means and the business would be transacted through e-voting services arranged by CDSL. The equity shareholders may cast their votes remotely, using an electronic voting system (“remote e-voting”) on the dates mentioned herein below.
 (b )  Those equity shareholders (which also consists of 
the Public Shareholders), who will be present in the Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during  
the Meeting.
 (c) The equity shareholders (which also consists of the 
Public Shareholders) who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the Meeting may also join the Meeting through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. An equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholder) can opt for only single mode of voting per EVSN, i.e., through remote e-voting or e-voting at the Meeting. If an equity shareholder (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) cast vote(s) by both modes,  
then voting done through remote e-voting shall prevail and vote(s) cast at the Meeting shall be treated as ‘INVALID’ .
 (d) The remote e-voting period commences on Friday, 
December 26, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Monday, December 29, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST).  
The remote e-voting module will be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the equity shareholder, he will not be allowed to change it subsequently. During this period, equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on Tuesday, December 23, 2025, i.e.,  
Cut-Off Date, may cast their vote by remote e-voting. A person who is not an equity shareholder as on the Cut-Off Date should treat this Notice for information 
9purpose only. Further, any individual equity shareholder holding securities in demat mode who acquires equity shares of 
the Company and becomes an equity shareholder after sending of this Notice and holds shares as on the Cut-Off Date, may follow steps mentioned hereinafter.
4. The process and manner for remote e-voting is as under:
 (a) In terms of the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on the e-voting facility provided 
by the listed companies and as part of increasing the efficiency of the voting process, e-voting process has been enabled to 
all individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode to vote through their demat account maintained with depositories / websites of depositories / depository participants. The equity shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email id in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.
 (b )  Pursuant to aforesaid SEBI circular, login method for e-voting and joining Meeting for individual equity shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSL 1) U sers who have opted for CDSL’s Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-voting page without any further authentication. The URLs for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or https://www.cdslindia.
com / and click on login icon and select new system Myeasi.
2) A fter successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option 
for eligible companies where the e-voting is in progress. On clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting. Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website directly.
3) I f the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at  
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration
4) A lternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing demat 
account number and PAN from an e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.
com  home page or click on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin.  
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered mobile and email id as recorded in the demat account. After successful authentication,  
user will be able to see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also be able to directly access the system of all e-voting service providers.
5) F or OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp . You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email ID/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication,  
you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page.  
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be  
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode with National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)
1) I f the user is already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility:
 a) Please visit the e-services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a personal computer or 
on a mobile.
 b )  Onc e the home page of e-services is launched, click on the  
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” available under ‘IDeAS’ section.
 c) A new scr een will open. User will have to enter his/her user id and password. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting services.
 d) Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting services and user will be able to 
see e-voting page.
 e) Click on c ompany name or e-voting service provider and user will be  
re-directed to e-voting service provider website for casting his/her vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
10
Ambuja Cements LimitedType of shareholders Login Method
2) I f the user is not registered for IDeAS e-services:
 a) The option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.
 b )  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at  https://eservices.nsdl.
com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) E- voting website of NSDL:
 a) Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer or on a 
mobile.
 b )  Onc e the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 c) A new scr een will open. User will have to enter his/her user id (i.e. user’s 
sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
verification code as shown on the screen.
4) A fter successful authentication, user will be redirected to NSDL depository site 
wherein the user can see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected to e-voting service provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository ParticipantsUser can also login using the login credentials of his/her demat account through user’s depository participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility.
Once logged in, user will be able to see e-voting option. Once the user clicks on e-voting 
option, the user will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein the user can see e-voting feature.
Click on company name or e-voting service provider name and the user will be redirected 
to e-voting service provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period or for joining the Meeting and voting during the Meeting.
  I mportant note:  Equity shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk f or individual equity shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with CDSLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at 1800 21 09911.
Individual equity shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with NSDLEquity shareholders facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll 
free no.: 1800 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000.
 (c) Login method for e-voting and joining the Meeting for equity shareholders (other than individual shareholders) holding in 
demat form and for physical equity shareholders.
  1) The equity shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
  2) Click on “Shareholders” module.
  3) Now enter your User ID
   a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
   b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
   c. Equity shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Transferee 
Company.
  4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
11  5) If the user is holding share(s) in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier 
e-voting of any company, then the user’s existing password is to be used.
  6) If the user is a first-time, follow the steps given below:
For equity shareholders holding shares in demat form other than individual and physical 
form
PAN Enter 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat equity shareholders as well as physical equity shareholders)
Equity shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Transferee Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by the Transferee Company/MUFG Intime or contact the Transferee Company/MUFG Intime.
Dividend Bank Details OR Date of Birth (DOB)Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in the user’s demat account or in the Transferee Company’s records in order to login.
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or the Transferee Company, please 
enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in  
instruction 5) above.
  7) After entering these details appropriately, click 
on “SUBMIT” tab.
  8) Equity shareholders holding shares in physical 
form will then directly reach the Transferee 
Company selection screen. However, equity shareholders holding shares in demat form (other than individual equity shareholders) will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein the users are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share the password with any other person and take utmost care to keep the password confidential.
  9) For equity shareholders holding shares in 
physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in this Notice.
  10) Click on the EVSN on which you choose to vote.
  11) On the v oting page, the user will see 
“RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that the user has given his/her/its assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that the user has dissented to the Resolution.
  12) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if the user 
wishes to view the entire Resolution details.
  13) After selecting the resolution, the user 
has decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT” .  A confirmation box will be displayed. If the user wishes to confirm his/her/its vote, click on “OK” , else to change the vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify the vote.
  14) Onc e the user “CONFIRM” his/her/its vote on 
the resolution, the user will not be allowed to modify his/her/its vote.
  15) The user can also take a print of the votes cast 
by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the voting page.
  16) If a demat account holder has forgotten the 
login password then enter the user id and the image verification code and click on Forgot Password and enter the details as prompted by the system.
  17) Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and 
Custodians –Remote Voting
   a) Non-I ndividual shareholders (i.e. other 
than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
   b) A scanned c opy of the Registration Form 
bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com.
   c) After receiving the login details a 
Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password.  
The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
12
Ambuja Cements Limited   d) The list of accounts linked in the login 
should be mailed to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com and on approval of the accounts they would be able to cast their vote.
   e) A scanned c opy of the Board Resolution 
and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
   f) Alternatively, Non Individual 
shareholders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the scrutinizer at the email address raimeen.maradiya@gmail.com 
and to the Transferee Company at the email address viz; investors.relation@
adani.com, if they have voted from individual tab and not uploaded the same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
5. P rocess for those equity shareholders whose email/
mobile are not registered with the Transferee Company/MUFG Intime/Depositories.
 (a) For physical equity shareholders, please provide 
necessary details like Folio No., name of equity shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by emails to investors.relation@adani.com  and rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.
 (b )  For demat equity shareholders, please update your 
email id and mobile number with the respective Depository Participant.
6.
 Information and instructions for e-voting facility at the Meeting
 (a) Facility to cast vote through e-voting at the Meeting 
will be made available on the video conference screen during the Meeting.
 (b )  Those equity shareholders, who will be present in the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolution through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the Meeting.
Encl.: As aboveBEFORE THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL,
AHMEDABAD BENCH
C.A. (CAA)/ 57 (AHM) 2025
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 read with other 
applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013
and
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement
between
Penna Cement Industries Limited (“Transferor Company”)
and
Ambuja Cements Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and
their respective shareholders
AMBUJA CEMENTS LIMITED , 
a company incorporated under 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 382 421, India.  
CIN: L26942GJ1981PLC004717)
))))))… APPLICANT NO. 
2 / TRANSFEREE 
COMPANY
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 230(3), 232(1) 
AND (2) AND 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016
1. P ursuant to the order dated October 31, 2025, read with 
order dated November 19, 2025, passed by the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (hereinafter referred to as the “NCL T”), in C.A. (CAA)/57 (AHM) 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Order”), a meeting 
of the equity shareholders of Ambuja Cements Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “ Transferee Company” or 
the “Applicant No. 2” , as the context may admit) is being convened through Video Conference (“VC ”)/Other Audio-
Visual Means (“OAVM ”), on Tuesday, December 30, 2025 at 
11:00 a.m. (1100 hours), for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Transferor Company” or the “Applicant No. 1 ” , as 
the context may admit) and the Transferee Company and their respective shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the “Scheme”) under Sections 230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Act ”), read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Rules”). The Transferor Company and 
the Transferee Company are together referred to as the “Companies” or “Parties” , as the context may admit. A copy 
13of the Scheme, which has been, inter alios, recommended/
approved by the Mergers and Acquisitions Committee, Audit Committee, Committee comprising of all the Independent Directors (“Committee of Independent Directors ”) and 
the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company at their respective meetings, all held on December 17, 2024, is enclosed as Annexure 1. Capitalised terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Scheme, unless otherwise stated.
2. T he Scheme, inter alia, provides for the amalgamation of the 
Transferor Company with and into the Transferee Company, with effect from the Appointed Date (as defined in the Scheme), and the consequent dissolution of the Transferor Company without being wound up, and payment to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company) cash consideration, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 – 232 and/or other applicable provisions of the Act.
3. I n terms of the Order, the quorum of the meeting of the 
equity shareholders of the Transferee Company shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 103(1)(a)(iii) of the Companies Act, which shall be 30 (thirty) equity shareholders. Equity shareholders attending the meeting through VC/OAVM, either by themselves or through their authorised representative, shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. In terms of the Order, if the quorum, as stated above, is not present at the Meeting, then the Meeting shall be adjourned by half an hour, and thereafter, the equity shareholders present at the Meeting, shall be deemed to constitute the quorum.
4. F urther in terms of the Order, the NCLT, has appointed 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri, former Chief Justice, High Court of Orrisa, and in his absence, Hon’ble Mr. Justice S H Vora, former Judge of High Court of Gujarat, to be the Chairman of the meeting including for any adjournment or adjournments thereof.
5. T his statement is being furnished as required under Sections 
230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Rules.
6. A s stated earlier, NCLT by its Order has, inter alia, directed 
that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company shall be convened through VC/OAVM, on Tuesday, December 30, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (1100 hours) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving the arrangement embodied in the Scheme (hereinafter referred to as “Meeting”). Equity shareholders would be entitled to vote either through remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting.
 T he Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its equity 
shareholders to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. SEBI Scheme Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI Schemes Master Circular”) issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “ SEBI”), 
inter alia, provides that approval of Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be obtained by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting. Since, the Transferee Company is seeking the approval of its equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) to the Scheme by way of voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, no separate procedure for voting through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting would be required to be carried out by the Transferee Company for seeking the approval to the Scheme by its Public Shareholders in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular. The aforesaid notice sent to the equity shareholders (which also consists of the Public Shareholders) of the Transferee Company would be deemed to be the notice sent to the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. For this purpose, the term “ Public” shall 
have the meaning assigned to it in Rule 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and the term “ Public 
Shareholders” shall be construed accordingly. In terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Transferee Company has provided the facility of voting by remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting to its Public Shareholders.
 NCL T, by its Order, has, inter alia, held that since the Transferee 
Company is directed to convene a meeting of its equity 
shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, and the voting in respect of the equity shareholders, which also consists of the Public Shareholders, is through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, the same is sufficient compliance of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
 T he scrutinizer appointed for conducting the remote e-voting 
and e-voting during the Meeting will however submit his separate report to the Chairman of the Transferee Company or to the person so authorised by him after completion of the scrutiny of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting cast by the Public Shareholders so as to announce the results of the remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting exercised by the Public Shareholders of the Transferee Company. In terms of the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the votes cast by the Public Shareholders through remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting in favour of the resolution for approval of Scheme are more than the number of votes cast by the Public Shareholders against it.
7. T he Scheme shall be considered approved by the equity 
shareholders of the Transferee Company if the resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value of the equity shareholders voting through e-voting during the Meeting or by remote e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Act.
8. I n terms of the Order, if the entries in the records/registers 
of the Transferee Company in relation to the number or value, as the case may be, of the equity shares are disputed, the Chairman of the Meeting shall determine the number or value, as the case may be, for the purposes of the said Meeting, and his decision in that behalf shall be final.
14
Ambuja Cements LimitedParticulars of the Applicant No. 1/Transferor Company
9. T he Transferor Company was incorporated on October 24, 
1991, as Penna Cement Industries Limited, a public limited 
company, with the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to: (a) Penna Cement Industriies Limited on September 28, 2010; and (b) Penna Cement Industries Limited on July 26, 2012. The registered office of the Transferor Company was shifted from the State of Telangana to the State of Gujarat on October 15, 2025. The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferor Company is U26942GJ1991PLC168781. The Permanent Account Number of the Transferor Company is AABCP2290D.
10. T he registered office of the Transferor Company was situated 
at H. No. 8-2-268/A/1/S & S1, Plot No. 705, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 500 034 . Later, with effect from November 7, 2024, the registered office of the Transferor Company was shifted to 8-3-975, Plot No 128 Srinagar Colony Hyderabad – 500 073, Telangana. Pursuant to the shifting of the registered office of the Transferor Company from the State of Telangana to the State of Gujarat, the present registered office of the Transferor Company is situated at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the registered office address of the Transferor Company since last 5 years.  
The e-mail address of the Transferor Company is  
bhavik.parikh@adani.com.
11. T he objects for which the Transferor Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. The main objects of the Transferor Company are as follows:
 “III.
 ( A)  THE MAIN OBJECT S TO BE PURSUED BY THE COMPANY 
ON ITS INCORPORATION ARE:
 1. To produce, manufacture, refine, prepare, process, 
purchase, import, export, sell & generally to deal in all kinds of Cement, Cement products of any description, lime, limestone, gypsum, kankar, and/or by-products thereof and in connection therewith to acquire, erect, construct, establish, operate and maintain cement factories, quarries, workshops and other work relating thereto in India or outside India.
 2. To produce, manufacture, process, refine, prepare, 
treat purchase, sell, export, import or otherwise deal with either as principals or as agents, either solely or in partnership with others, cement, alumina cement, white and coloured cements, lime, plaster of paris and other building materials of all kinds and other building boards to be used in ceiling, floor or walls, made from any fibrous materials such as begasse, bamboo, wood, paper, jute, hemp and grasses; pottery,  
fire clay and fire bricks, flooring tiles roofing materials.
 3. To fabricate, manufacture and deal in all kinds of cement 
plants, apparatus, mining equipment, tools, utensils and materials and things necessary of convenience for carrying on the manufacture of cement and mining operations. 4. To own, explore, take on lease, or otherwise acquire any 
area, mining lease, quarries and to do all such other acts and deal in all such other things as may be conducive to and allied to the business of the company.
 5. To carry on the business of ginning, carding, spinning, 
processing, twisting, reeling, weaving, knitting, printing, manufacturing, finishing and dealing in cotton or other fibrous materials and the preparation of dyeing or colouring or any of the said substance and pure silk, artificial silk, polyester, rayon, nylon or any similar substances as manufacturers, buyers, sellers, importers and exporters in India or abroad for the aforesaid purposes as a division or as a manufacturing company or/and to acquire, run or manage any company or undertaking engaged in similar activities.
 6. To carry on the business in India or abroad as promoters, 
manufacturers, buyers, sellers, finishers, converters, developers, processors, texturisers, draw twisters, twisters, spinners, weavers, dyers, importers, exporters, agents, suppliers and dealers of all kinds of fibres and yarns of  
man-made synthetic fibres such as polyester, polypropylene, acrylic, viscose, silk, rayon and other synthetic materials, and all kinds of accessories, textile processing chemicals, spinning consumables,  
non-woven filters, filter clothes, sieves, wire mesh, absolute filters, paper tubes, cones, spare parts, tools etc. used in such manufacture or processing or spinning of such fibres, yarns and all types of fabrics, textiles and  
non-woven fabrics of industrial and domestic use for the aforesaid purposes as a division or as a manufacturing company or/and to acquire, run or manage any company or undertaking engaged in similar activities.
 7. To Promote, establish, generate, operate, distribute, 
accumulate, maintain, transmit, supply, sell electricity and or power by installing, maintaining, operating power plants, whether based on thermal, hydel, gas, solar, or any other source, whether conventional or nonconventional and to lay down, establish power stations, cables, transmission lines or towers,  
sub-stations, terminals and other works for the aforesaid purposes as a division or as a generating company or/and to acquire, run or manage any company or undertaking engaged to similar activities.
 8. To purchase, Charter, hire or otherwise, sell, let, 
exchange, lot or charter either in India or in any country or otherwise deal with steam and other ships or vessels of any description to establish, maintain and operate shipping and transport business for the carriage of cargo, goods by water between India and other countries of the world or other places as may seem expedite to the Company from time to time and generally to establish maintain and operate lines.
 (B) THE OBJECT S INCIDENTAL OR ANCILLIARY TO THE 
ATTAINMENT OF THE ABOVEMAIN OBJECTS ARE:
 5.  To amalgamate with or enter into any arrangement for 
sharing profits, joint-ventures, reciprocal concessions or arrangements of a like nature with other persons or companies or partnership concerns or Government undertakings carrying on any similar or other business. ”
15 T here has been no change in the main object clause of the Transferor Company since last 5 (five) years.
12. T he Transferor Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling of cement and cement related products.
13. T he authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company as on September 30, 2025, was as under:
Particulars Amount (in `)
Authorised Share Capital
20,00,00,000 equity shares of `10/- each 200,00,00,000
Total 200,00,00,000
Issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital13,38,00,000 equity shares of `10/- each fully paid-up 133,80,00,000
Total 133,80,00,000
1
4. T he Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, acquired 
99.92% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor 
Company from the erstwhile promoters/promoter affiliates of the Transferor Company. As on September 30, 2025,  
the Transferee Company holds 99.94% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company.
Particulars of the Applicant No. 2/Transferee Company
15. T he Transferee Company was incorporated on October 20, 
1981, as Ambuja Cements Private Limited with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, as a private limited company, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to (i) Ambuja Cements Limited on March 19, 1983, pursuant to its conversion into a public limited company; (ii) Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited on May 19, 1983; and (iii) Ambuja Cements Limited on April 5, 2007. The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferee Company is L26942GJ1981PLC004717. The Permanent Account Number of the Transferee Company is AAACG0569P .
16. T he registered office of the Transferee Company was 
situated at P O Ambuja Nagar, Taluka Kodinar, Amreli, Dist: Junagadh, Gujarat. Thereafter, with effect from October 8, 2022, the registered office of the Transferee Company was shifted to Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India. Except as stated, there has been no change in the registered office address of the Transferee Company since last 5 years. The e-mail address of the Transferee Company is investors.relation@adani.com.
17. T he objects for which the Transferee Company has been 
established are set out in its Memorandum of Association. The main objects of the Transferee Company are as under:
 “III
 (A)  MAIN OBJECT S OF THE COMPANY TO BE PURSUED BY 
THE COMPANY ON ITS INCORPORATION:
 (1) T o carry on the business as manufacturers and dealers in 
Grey Cement, White Portland Cement, Ordinary Portland Cement and Cement of all kinds and varieties, Concrete, Lime, Clay, Gypsum and Lime Stone, Sagole, Soap Stone, Repifix Cement and allied products and by-products. (2) To establish, construct, acquire, run, operate on any 
factory for manufacturing Cement and allied products.
 (3) To carry on the business of providing services for waste 
management and/or undertake such waste treatment activities or operating pretreatment system, by co-processing, incineration, thermal, chemical or biological or through any other process of liquid / solid/ gaseous, hazardous / non-hazardous, municipal, agricultural, medical/clinic waste etc. from industrial / non-industrial sources, body corporate, agencies of local, state or central government or from any other sources and includes generation, collection, transportation and storage of wastes and disposal of the same, conducting trial runs, emission monitoring and entering in to agreements for this purpose, receive tipping fees / or pay charges for the material.
 (4) To impart professional training, technical training, 
business support and problem solving solution and/or other support services and to provide material library, reference portal, professional support, hands on experience and/or function as a excellence centre that promotes & offer solution for application of cement, concrete and other construction materials etc. to engineers, masons, architects, consultants, dealers, wholesellers, retailers, channel partners, and other construction industry etc. and for this purpose, to convene, hold or conduct seminars, conferences, workshops, technical lectures and manuals, video screenings, panel discussions and to promote, establish knowledge centers for skill advancement and competency development.
 (B)  OBJECT S INCIDENTAL OR ANCILLARY TO THE 
ATTAINMENT OF THE MAIN OBJECTS
 (40)  T o amalgamate, enter into any partnership or partially 
amalgamate with or acquire an interest in the business of any other company, person or firm, carrying on a business included in the objects of the Company, or enter into any arrangement for sharing profits or for co-operation, or for limiting competition, or for mutual assistance, with any such person, firm or company, or to acquire auxiliary to the business of the Company or connected therewith or which may seem to the Company capable to being conveniently carried on in 
16
Ambuja Cements Limitedconnection with the above, or calculated directly to enhance the value of or render more profitable any of the Company’s property 
and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid, or property acquired, any share, debenture-stock or securities that may be agreed upon, and to hold and retain or sell, mortgage and deal with any shares, debentures,  
debenture-stock or securities so received. ”
 T here has been no change in the main object clause of the Transferee Company since last 5 (five) years.
18. T he Transferee Company is among the leading cement companies in India, renowned for its hassle-free, home-building solutions 
with its unique sustainable development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started its operations.
19. T he authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferee Company as on September 30, 2025, was as under:
Particulars Amount (in `)
Authorised Share Capital^
4,001,77,50,000 equity shares of ` 2/- each 8,003,55,00,000
15,00,00,000 preference shares of ` 10/- each 150,00,00,000
Total 8153,55,00,000
Issued Share Capital^247,21,49,998 * equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up 494,42,99,996
Total 494,42,99,996
Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital^247,18,23,478 * equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up# 494,36,46,956
Total 494,36,46,956
 ^  T he authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital as stated above is after giving effect to the sanction of Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Adani Cementation Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, which has been made effective from August 1, 2025.
 *  The issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,23,932 equity shares represented by 13,23,932 global depository receipts as on 
September 30, 2025.
 # The difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right 
shares which are kept in abeyance.
20. T he Transferee Company is a part of Adani Group of companies. The equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed on BSE 
Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ BSE”) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ NSE”), 
respectively. BSE and NSE are together referred to as “Stock 
Exchanges” . The global depository receipts issued by the Transferee Company are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
21. B y way of a separate scheme of amalgamation, it is 
proposed to merge Sanghi Industries Limited (a subsidiary of the Transferee Company) with the Transferee Company  
(“Sanghi Merger Scheme”).
Rationale for the Scheme
22. T he Rationale for the Scheme is as under:
 (i) The Transferee Company with effect from August 
16, 2024, has become the promoter of the Transferor Company. As both the companies are under the same line of business, the amalgamation will enable the Transferee Company to absorb the business of the Transferor Company completely for carrying on more effectively and beneficially.
 (ii) The Scheme will enable the Transferee Company 
to integrate the Transferor Company’s operations, leading to more efficient and economical business management. This includes better resource utilization, reduced overheads, cost savings, economies of scale, elimination of duplicated efforts, and streamlined compliance requirements through amalgamation.
 (iii) The amalgamation will enhance business potential 
of the Transferor Company, add value to both the companies, and ultimately increase the shareholders’ value.
 (iv) The amalgamation will lead to reduction and 
rationalisation of multiple entities in the group.
Relationship among Companies who are parties to the Scheme
23. T he Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, acquired 
99.92% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company from the erstwhile promoters/promoter affiliates of the Transferor Company. As on September 30, 2025, the Transferee Company holds 99.94% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company.
Corporate Approvals
In respect of Applicant No. 1/Transferor Company
24. T he draft Scheme along with the valuation report, 
recommending fair valuation of equity shares of the 
Transferor Company, in relation to the proposed Scheme, dated December 17, 2024, issued by BDO Valuation  
Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No.  
IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company (hereinafter referred to as the 
17“Valuation Report 1”), among other documents, were 
placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferor Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. A fairness opinion issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a Securities and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter referred to as “SEBI”) registered Merchant Banker (hereinafter referred to as the “ Fairness Opinion 
1”), to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, in respect of the Valuation Report 1, was also placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferor Company. Copies of the (i) Valuation Report 1, dated December 17, 2024; and (ii) Fairness Opinion 1, dated December 17, 2024, are enclosed as Annexure 2 and Annexure 3, respectively.
 A fter reviewing the fair valuation of `315.20 per equity share, 
in accordance with the Valuation Report 1 and acquisition price of `321.50 per equity share, at which the Transferor Company was acquired by the Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Transferor Company, after due deliberations and with a view to align the fair valuation with the acquisition price as aforesaid, inter alia, approved the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50, and recommended the 
Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company.
25. T he draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 1, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 1 was also placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company. Based on the aforesaid and the report submitted by the Audit Committee, approving the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50 and recommending the Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 17, 2024, and also approved the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50. The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company, held on December 17, 2024, was attended by five (5) directors, namely, Mr. Ramesh Sharma (DIN: 10762709),Wholetime Director; Mr. Sukuru Ramarao (DIN: 08846591), Director; Ms. Kajal Saxena (DIN: 10744634), Director; Mr. Chetan Patel (DIN: 00446745), Independent Director; and Mrs. Archana Dholakia (DIN: 07935065), Independent Director, who attended the meeting in person. None of the directors of the Transferor Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus,  
the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
 T hereafter, pursuant to the clarification sought by NSE 
from the Transferee Company, inter alia, in respect of 
the Valuation Report 1, BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer, issued an Addendum to Valuation Report 1, dated March 3, 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the  
“Addendum to Valuation Report 1 ”), stating that after 
considering the audited financial statements of the Transferor Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, the fair value per share of the Transferor Company is same as stated in the Valuation Report 1. Further, Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, issued an Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1, dated March 3, 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the “ Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1 ”), stating that having looked at its 
working considering the audited financial statements of the Transferor Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 and having taken on record the Addendum to Valuation Report 1, there is no change in its opinion as per the Fairness Opinion 1. Copies of the (i) Addendum to Valuation Report 1, dated March 3, 2025; and (ii) Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1, dated March 3, 2025, are enclosed as Annexure 4 and Annexure 5, respectively.
In respect of Applicant No. 2/Transferee Company
26. T he draft Scheme along with the valuation report, 
recommending valuation of equity shares of the Transferor Company, in respect of the proposed Scheme, dated December 17, 2024, issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Valuation Report 2”), among other documents, were placed before the Mergers & Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company. A fairness opinion issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered merchant banker (hereinafter referred to as the “ Fairness Opinion 2”), to the 
Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, in respect of the Valuation Report 2, was also placed before the Mergers & Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company. Copies of the (i) Valuation Report 2, dated December 17, 2024; and (ii) Fairness Opinion 2, dated December 17, 2024, are enclosed as Annexure 6 and Annexure 7, respectively.
 A fter reviewing the fair valuation of `309.20 per equity share, 
in accordance with the Valuation Report 2 and acquisition price of `321.50 per equity share, at which the Transferor Company was acquired by the Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, the Mergers & Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company, after due deliberations, and with a view to align the fair valuation with the acquisition price as aforesaid, inter alia, recommended the fair value per equity 
share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50 and the Scheme 
for consideration of the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company.
27. T he draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 2, among 
other documents, were placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 2 was also placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company.
 T he Audit Committee of the Transferee Company, after 
reviewing the fair valuation of `309.20 per equity share, 
in accordance with the Valuation Report 2 and acquisition price of `321.50 per equity share, at which the Transferor Company was acquired by the Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, and after due deliberations, with a view to align the fair valuation with the acquisition price as aforesaid, inter alia, approved the fair value per equity share 
of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50, and recommended the Scheme to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities, for their favourable consideration and approval.
28. T he draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 2, among 
other documents, were placed before the Committee of 
18
Ambuja Cements LimitedIndependent Directors of the Transferee Company at its 
meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 2 was also placed before the Committee of Independent Directors of the Transferee Company.
 T he Committee of Independent Directors of the Transferee 
Company, after reviewing the fair valuation of `309.20 per 
equity share, in accordance with the Valuation Report 2 
and acquisition price of `321.50 per equity share, at which the Transferor Company was acquired by the Transferee Company on August 16, 2024, and after due deliberations, with a view to align the fair valuation with the acquisition price as aforesaid, inter alia, approved the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50, and 
recommended the Scheme for favourable consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other appropriate authorities.
29. T he draft Scheme along with the Valuation Report 2, 
amongst others, were placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company at its meeting held on December 17, 2024. The Fairness Opinion 2 was also placed before the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company. Based on the aforesaid and the resolution/reports, inter alios, submitted by the Mergers & Acquisitions Committee, the Audit Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors, approving the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50 and recommending the Scheme, the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company approved the Scheme at its meeting held on December 17, 2024, and also approved the fair value per equity share of the Transferor Company at ` 321.50. The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, held on December 17, 2024, was attended by eight (8) directors, namely, Mr. Gautam Adani (DIN: 00006273), Chairman; Mr. Karan Adani (DIN: 03088095), Non-Executive Director; Mr. Ajay Kapur (DIN: 03096416), Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Rajnish Kumar (DIN: 05328267), Independent Director; Mr. Maheshwar Sahu (DIN: 00034051), Independent Director; Mr. Ameet Desai (DIN: 00007116), Independent Director; Ms. Purvee Sheth (DIN: 06449636), Independent Director; and Mr. M R Kumar (DIN: 03628755), Non-Executive  
Non-Independent Director, who attended the meeting through video conferencing. None of the directors of the Transferee Company who attended the meeting voted against the Scheme. Thus, the Scheme was approved unanimously by the directors who attended and voted at the meeting.
 T hereafter, pursuant to the clarification sought by NSE 
from the Transferee Company, inter alia, in respect of the Valuation Report 2, GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer, issued an Addendum to Valuation Report 2, dated March 3, 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the “Addendum to Valuation Report 2”), stating that having tested its valuation workings based on the audited financial statements of the Transferor Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, there is no change in the value of equity shares of the Transferor Company as stated in Valuation Report 2. Further, IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, issued an Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2, dated March 3, 2025 (hereinafter referred to as the “Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2”), stating that having looked at its workings considering the audited financial statements of the Transferor Company for the half year period ended September 30, 2024, and having taken on record the Addendum to Valuation Report 2, there is no change in its opinion as per the Fairness Opinion 2. Copies of the (i) Addendum to Valuation Report 2, dated March 3, 2025; and (ii) Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2, dated March 3, 2025, are enclosed as Annexure 8 and Annexure 9, 
respectively.
Approvals and actions taken in relation to the Scheme
30. NSE w as appointed as the Designated Stock Exchange by 
the Transferee Company for the purpose of co-ordinating with SEBI for obtaining approval of SEBI in accordance with SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
31. T he Transferee Company had by its two separate letters, 
both dated January 1, 2025, applied to the Stock Exchanges for their no-objection to the Scheme. Thereafter, certain information/details/queries were sought/raised by NSE/BSE and the same were submitted/addressed by the Transferee Company.
32. A s required by the SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the 
Transferee Company filed a No Complaint Report with the NSE on April 8, 2025, and BSE on March 7, 2025. Copies of the No Complaint Report dated April 8, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to NSE; and the No Complaint Report dated March 7, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to BSE, are enclosed as Annexure 10 and Annexure 11, 
respectively.
33. I n terms of Paragraph A.2.k) of Part-I of the SEBI Schemes 
Master Circular, No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial institutions/debenture trustees, from not less than 75% of the secured creditors in value is required to be obtained. It is submitted that the Transferee Company had no secured creditors on the date of the aforesaid applications filed by it with the Stock Exchanges or even as on date. Hence, no such No Objection Certificate is required to be obtained by the Transferee Company in terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular.
34. T he Transferee Company received no-objection/no adverse 
observation letter regarding the Scheme from NSE and BSE, dated April 30, 2025, and April 29, 2025, respectively, conveying their no-objection/no adverse observation for filing the Scheme with NCLT.
 B y the said letter dated April 30, 2025, NSE communicated 
the following observations of SEBI to the Transferee Company:
 “
 a) T he Company shall ensure to disclose all details 
of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters, and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the Scheme.
 b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, 
if any, submitted by the Company after filing the Scheme 
19with the Stock Exchanges, from the date of receipt of this 
letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company and the Stock Exchanges.
 c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI 
Circular issued from time to time. The entities involved in the scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the SEBI Master Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee Company.
 d) The Company shall ensure that information pertaining 
to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval, if applicable.
 e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the 
scheme including financials considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old, if applicable.
 f )  The Company shall ensure that the details of proposed 
scheme under consideration as provided by the Company to the Stock Exchanges shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the shareholders.
 g) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity 
shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.
 h) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be 
acted upon subject to the applicant complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
 i) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft 
scheme except those mandated by the regulators/authorities/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
 j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/
Stock Exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT.
 k) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder, including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme.
 l) The Companies shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be 
acted upon subject to the companies involved in the scheme of arrangement complying with the Para 10 (a) & (b) Part I of SEBI Master Circular issued on June 20, 2023 and relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
 m) The Company shall ensure that the following 
additional disclosure to the public shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the Company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision.  i. Reasons for c ash consideration of ` 321.50 per 
share to the shareholders of PCIL instead of  
` 309.20 or ` 315.20 per share as derived in the 
valuation reports given by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited and BDO Valuation Advisors LLP , respectively and its impact on shareholder’s wealth.
  ii. Need , Rationale and Synergies of business of the 
scheme along with its impact on the shareholders.
  iii. A writ e up on the history of the amalgamating 
company(ies).
  iv. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth, revenue of 
the companies involved in the scheme, for both pre and post scheme of arrangement.
  v. Latest net worth certificate along with statement 
of assets and liabilities of all the companies involved in the scheme of arrangement for both pre and post scheme of arrangement.
  vi. Comparison of revenue and net worth of 
amalgamating company with the total revenue and net worth of the amalgamated company for last three financial years.
  vii. The Company shall ensure that all the applicable 
additional information shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per Annexure M of Exchange checklist.
  n) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by 
the company before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBl/ Stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/observations/representations. ”
 B y the said letter dated April 29, 2025, BSE communicated the 
following observations of SEBI to the Transferee Company:
 “
 A. “The Entity shall ensure that it discloses all details 
of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme. ”
 B .  “The Entity shall ensure that additional information, if 
any, submitted by the Company after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listen company and the stock exchanges. ”
 C. “The Entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI 
circulars issued from time to time. The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master Circular and ensure that all the! liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee Company. ”
20
Ambuja Cements Limited D .  “The entities is advised that the information pertaining 
to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, involved in the 
scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for ,seeking approval, if applicable. ”
 E .  “The Entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme 
including financials considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old, if applicable. ”
 F .  “The Entity is advised that the details of the proposed 
scheme under consideration as provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders. ”
 G. “The Entity is advised that the proposed equity shares to 
be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. ”
 H. “The Entity is advised that the “Scheme” shall be acted 
upon subject to the applicant complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. ”
 I. “No changes t o the draft scheme except those mandated 
by the regulators/authorities/tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. ”
 J. “The Entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock 
exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT. ”
 K .  “The Entity is advised to comply with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme. ”
 L. “The Entities are advised that the “Scheme” shall be 
acted upon subject to the companies involved in the scheme of arrangement complying with the Para 10 (a) & (b) of Part I of SEBI Master Circular issued on June 20, 2023, and relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. ”
 M. “The entities are advised to disclose the following as 
a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 –
  i. reasons for cash consideration of ` 321.50 per 
share to the shareholders of PCIL instead of  
` 309.20 or ` 315.20 per share as derived in the 
valuation reports given by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited or BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , respectively and its impact on the shareholder’s wealth.
  ii. need , rationale and synergies of the scheme along 
with its impact on the shareholders;  iii. a writ e up on the history of the amalgamating 
company(ies);
  iv. details of assets , liabilities, net worth, revenue of 
the companies involved in the scheme, for both pre and post scheme of arrangement;
  v. latest net worth certificate along with statement 
of assets and liabilities of all the companies involved in the scheme of arrangement for both pre and post the scheme of arrangement;
  vi. comparison of revenue and net worth of 
amalgamating company with the total revenue and net worth of the amalgamated company for last three financial years;
  vii. Entit y shall ensure that applicable additional 
information submitted to Stock Exchanges and SEBI, as advised by SEBI through email dated April 29, 2025 shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders.
 N. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company 
before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013, to SEBI again for its comments/observations/representations. ”
 C opies of the no-objection/no adverse observation letters, 
dated April 30, 2025, and April 29, 2025, respectively, received by the Transferee Company from NSE and BSE, respectively, are enclosed as Annexure 12 and Annexure 
13, respectively.
35. P ursuant to comments by SEBI in the aforesaid observation 
letters, the Transferee Company brings to the notice of its equity shareholders the details of “ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its promoters and directors” . The details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 14. The aforesaid details 
also formed part of the joint Company Application in CA (CAA)/ 57 (AHM) 2025, filed by the Companies before NCLT.
36. F urther, the Transferee Company also brings to the notice 
of its equity shareholders the details in respect of the particulars mentioned/stipulated in: (i) clause m) of the no-objection letter dated April 30, 2025, received from NSE; and (ii) clause M. of the no adverse observation letter dated April 29, 2025, received from BSE. The details in respect of the aforesaid are enclosed as Annexure 15.
37. T he Companies would obtain/cause to be obtained all such 
other approvals from the Governmental Authority as may be required under Law.
38. C.A. ( CAA)/ 57 (AHM) 2025 along with annexures thereto 
(which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the Companies with the NCLT, on October 16, 2025. The hard copy of which was filed with the NCLT on October 17, 2025.
21Salient extracts of the Scheme
39. C ertain clauses of the Scheme are extracted below:
 “PART I
1 DEFINITIONS, INTERP RETATION, DATE OF TAKING EFFECT 
AND SHARE CAPITAL
1.1.  Definitions
1.1.2.  “Adani Cementation Merger Scheme” shall have the 
meaning as set forth in the Introduction Clause.
1.1.3.  “Appointed Date” means August 16, 2024.
1.1.6.  “Effective Date” means the last of the dates on which all the approvals or events specified under Clause 3.3 of the Scheme are obtained or have occurred or the requirement of which have been waived. References in this Scheme to “upon the coming into effect of this Scheme” or “upon this Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of this Scheme” or “Scheme coming into effect” shall mean the Effective Date.
1.117.  “Sanghi Merger Scheme” shall have the meaning as set forth in the Introduction Clause.
1.128.  “Undertaking” means the Transferor Company and includes 
all the business, undertakings, assets, properties, investments, rights, approvals, licenses and powers, leasehold rights and all its debts, outstanding, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor Company, of whatsoever nature and kind and wherever situated, on a going concern basis and with continuity of business of the Transferor Company, which shall mean and include, without limitation:
 (a) any and all of its immovable properties (including 
work in progress) and rights thereto i.e. land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon (whether, freehold, leasehold, leave and licensed, right of way, tenancies, sanctioned/allotted by the Governmental Authority or otherwise) including drains and culverts, civil works, foundations for civil works, offices, guest house, colony, captive power plant, warehouses, workshops, sheds, stores, storages including coal storage, silo, DG room, roads, laboratory, boundary walls, soil filling works, benefits of any rental agreement for any use of premises, share of any joint assets, etc., and all documents (including panchnamas, declarations, receipts, sanction letters/orders, etc.) of title, rights and easements in relation thereto and all rights, covenants, continuing rights, title and interest, benefits and interests of rental agreements for lease or license or other rights to use of premises, in connection with the said immovable properties;
 (b) any and all of its assets (including work in progress), 
as are movable in nature, whether present or future or contingent, tangible or intangible, in possession or reversion, corporeal or incorporeal (including plant and machinery, boilers, turbines, handling equipments including coal handling equipments, dumpers, excavators, shovel, surface miners, cranes, capital work in progress, electrical fittings, air conditioners, furniture, fixtures, appliances, accessories, power lines, office equipments, computers, communication facilities, installations, vehicles, inventory and tools and plants), stock-in-trade, stores and spares, stock-in-transit, raw materials, finished goods, supplies, packaging items/materials, actionable claims, prepaid expenses, bills of exchange, promissory notes, current assets, earnest monies and receivables, sundry debtors, financial assets, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, provisions, receivables, funds, cash and bank balances and deposits including accrued interest thereto with Governmental Authority, semi-Government, local and other authorities and bodies, banks, customers and other persons, insurances, the benefits of any bank guarantees, performance guarantees and letters of credit;
 ( c)  any and all of its permits, licenses (including factory 
license), mineral mining rights, permissions, right of way, approvals, authorisations, clearances, consents, benefits, registrations including import registrations, rights, entitlements, credits, certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no objection certificates, exemptions, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, concessions, subsidies, liberties and advantages (including consent/authorisation granted by Pollution Control Board, environmental clearance and other licenses/permits granted/issued/given by any Governmental Authority, statutory or regulatory or local or administrative bodies), Tax deferrals, Tax credits (including any credits arising from advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, other income Tax credits, withholding Tax credits, minimum alternate Tax credits, central value added tax credits, goods and services Tax credits, customs duty credit other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables), other claims under Tax Laws, privileges, incentives (including incentives in respect of income Tax, sales Tax, value added Tax, service Tax, excise duty, customs duties and goods and services Tax), benefits, Tax holidays, Tax refunds (including those pending with any Tax authorities), all Tax assets both direct and indirect including refunds filed pending to be adjudicated and refunds to be filed, advantages, benefits and all other rights, privileges, powers and facilities of every kind and description of whatsoever nature and the benefits thereto;
 ( d)  all contracts, agreements including power purchase 
agreement(s), coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/licence agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/ panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, insurance covers and claims, 
22
Ambuja Cements Limitedclearances and other instruments of whatsoever nature 
and description, whether written, oral or otherwise and all rights, title, interests, claims and benefits thereunder;
 ( e)  all intangible assets , including all Intellectual Property 
Rights and all goodwill attaching to such Intellectual Property Rights;
 (f )  all rights t o use and avail telephones, facsimile, e-mail, 
internet, leased line connections and installations, utilities, electricity and other services, reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other interests held in trusts, registrations, contracts, engagements, arrangements of all kind, privileges and all other rights, easements, liberties and advantages of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging to or in the ownership, power or possession and in control of or vested in or granted in favour of or enjoyed by the Transferor Company and all other interests of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, power, possession or control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Transferor Company;
 (g) all books, records, files, papers, engineering and process 
information, software licenses (whether proprietary or otherwise), applications (including hardware, software, source codes, parameterization and scripts), test reports, computer programmes, drawings, manuals, data, databases including databases for procurement, commercial and management, catalogues, brochures, pamphlets, quotations, sales and advertising materials, product registrations, product master cards, lists of present and former customers and suppliers including service providers, other customer information, customer credit information, customer/supplier pricing information, and all other books and records, whether in physical or electronic form;
 (h) all insur ance policies of the Transferor Company;
 (i) all in vestments, including long term, short term, quoted, 
unquoted investments in different instruments, including shares, debentures, warrants and bonds, if any;
 ( j)  amounts claimed or to be claimed including the 
receivables by the Transferor Company from any Governmental Authority;
 (k) all applic ation monies, advance monies, earnest monies 
and security and other deposits paid to any person, including any Governmental Authority, and payments against other entitlements;
 (l) any and all of its debts, borrowings and liabilities, 
present or future, whether or not provided in the books of accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of the Transferor Company, all guarantees, assurances, commitments and obligations of any nature or description, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, secured or unsecured, asserted or unasserted, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, known or unknown, due or to become due, whenever or however arising (including, without limitation, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on negligence or strict liability) unless transferred, assigned or hived off in any manner as part of any other undertaking prior to the Appointed Date;
 (m)  all of its sta ff and employees, and other obligations of 
whatsoever kind, including liabilities of the Transferor Company, with regard to its staff and employees, with respect to the payment of gratuity, superannuation, pension benefits and provident fund or other compensation or benefits, if any, whether in the event of resignation, death, retirement, retrenchment or otherwise; and
 (n) all legal pr oceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral 
and other administrative proceedings of whatsoever nature involving the Transferor Company.
PART II
2. AMAL GAMATION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANY INTO 
AND WITH THE TRANSFEREE COMPANY
2.1 T ransfer and vesting of the Transferor Company into and 
with the Transferee Company
2.1.1  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme, and with effect 
from the Appointed Date, subject to the provisions of this Scheme, the Undertaking shall stand transferred to and vest in the Transferee Company, as a going concern, together with all its estates, properties, assets, contracts, employees, records, approvals, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest therein, subject to existing charges thereon in favour of banks and financial institutions, if any, or otherwise, as the case may be, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the estate, properties, assets, rights, claims, title and authorities, benefits, liabilities and interest of the Transferee Company by virtue of and in the manner provided in the Scheme pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and the provisions of sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
2.1.2  W ithout prejudice to the generality of the above and to the 
extent applicable, unless otherwise stated herein, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, in relation to the Undertaking:
 (i) All assets of the T ransferor Company that are movable in 
nature or incorporeal property or are otherwise capable of transfer by physical or constructive delivery, novation and/or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and recordal of whatsoever nature, or otherwise capable of transfer by delivery of possession or by operation pursuant to this Scheme, shall, pursuant to this Scheme, stand vested in and/or be deemed to be vested in the Transferee Company and shall become the property of the Transferee Company, with effect on and from the Appointed Date pursuant to the provisions of the Act, all other applicable provisions of applicable Law, if any, without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer of the same. The vesting pursuant to this sub-clause shall be deemed to have occurred by physical or constructive delivery or by endorsement and delivery or by vesting and recordal, pursuant to this Scheme, as 
23appropriate to the property being vested and title to 
the property shall be deemed to have been transferred accordingly.
 (ii) All other mo vable assets of the Transferor Company, 
including investments in shares and any other 
securities, sundry debtors, actionable claims, earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits, outstanding loans and advances, recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, bank balances and deposits, with Governmental Authorities, customers and other persons, shall, stand transferred to, and vested in the Transferee Company without any notice or other intimation to the debtors or obligors or any other person. The Transferor Company shall upon sanction of the Scheme be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title of such movable property in this regard. The Transferee Company may (without being obliged to do so), if it so deems appropriate, give notice in such form as it deems fit and proper, to each such debtor or obligor or any other person, that pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal, such debt, loan, advance, claim, bank balance, deposit or other asset be paid or made good or held on account of the Transferee Company as the person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Transferor Company to recover or realise all such debts (including the debts payable by such debtor or obligor or any other person to the Transferor Company) stands transferred and assigned to the Transferee Company and that appropriate entries should be passed in the books of accounts of the relevant debtors or obligors or other persons to record such change.
 (iii) All lease and lic ence agreements, entered into by 
the Transferor Company with landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use of the assets of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company, together with security deposits and advance/prepaid lease/license fee, rights and easements in relation to such properties, shall stand automatically transferred in favour of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. The Transferee Company shall continue to pay rent amounts/licence fees/royalty as provided for in such agreements and shall comply with the other terms, conditions and covenants thereunder and shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits/prepaid lease/license fee paid under such agreements by the Transferor Company.
 (iv) All immo vable properties, estate, assets of the 
Transferor Company, including land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon and rights, claim, title, authorities and interests in immovable properties including accretions and appurtenances of the Undertaking of whatsoever nature and wherever situate of the Transferor Company, whether freehold or leasehold or sanctioned/allotted by any Governmental Authority or otherwise, and all documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed to have been vested in the Transferee Company, without any further act or deed done or being required to be done by the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company and the mere filing thereof with the appropriate registrar or sub-registrar or with the relevant Governmental Authority shall suffice as record of continuing titles with the Transferee Company and shall be constituted as a deemed mutation and substitution thereof. The Transferee Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to such immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the ground rent, rates and Taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the immovable properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly recorded in the name of the Transferee Company by the appropriate authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof. The appropriate authorities shall grant all clearances/permissions, if any, required for enabling the Transferee Company to absolutely own and enjoy the immovable properties in accordance with applicable Law. The Transferee Company shall upon the Scheme becoming effective be entitled to the delivery and possession of all documents of title to such immovable property in this regard, which are in possession of the Transferor Company. It is clarified that any document executed pursuant to this sub-clause or sub-clause (iii) above or sub-clause (vii) below will be for the limited purpose of meeting the regulatory requirements and shall not be deemed to be a document under which the transfer of any asset of the Transferor Company takes place and all assets of the Transferor Company shall be transferred solely pursuant to and in terms of this Scheme and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning the Scheme.
 (v) All estat e, assets, rights, title, claims, interest, 
investments and properties of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date, including accretions and appurtenances, whether or not included in the books of the Transferor Company, and all assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties, of whatsoever nature and wherever situate, which is acquired by the Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date but prior to the Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall become the assets and properties of the  
ransferee Company.
 (viii)  All lett ers of intent, requests for proposal, pre-
qualifications, bid acceptances, tenders, and other instruments of whatsoever nature to which the Transferor Company is a party to or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be eligible for, shall remain in full force and effect against or in favour of the Transferee Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligee thereto. Upon coming into effect of the Scheme, 
the past track record of the T ransferor Company shall be 
deemed to be the track record of the Transferee Company for all commercial and regulatory purposes.
24
Ambuja Cements Limited (x) All elec tricity, gas, water and any other utility connections 
and tariff rates in respect thereof sanctioned by various 
public sector and private companies, boards, agencies and authorities to the Transferor Company, together with security deposits and all other advances paid, shall stand automatically transferred in favour of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. The relevant electricity, gas, water and any other utility companies, boards, agencies and authorities shall issue invoices in the name of the Transferee Company with effect from the billing cycle commencing from the month immediately succeeding the month in which the Effective Date falls. The Transferee Company shall comply with the terms, conditions and covenants associated with the grant of such connection and shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits placed with such companies, boards, agencies and authorities by the Transferor Company.
 (xiii)  All liabilities, including all secured, if any, and unsecured 
debts, sundry creditors, contingent liabilities, duties, obligations and undertakings of the Transferor Company, of every kind, nature and description whatsoever and howsoever arising, raised, incurred or utilised for its business activities and operations, shall, pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed, be transferred to, and vested in, or be deemed to have been transferred to, and vested in, the Transferee Company, along with any charge, encumbrance, lien or security created in connection therewith, and such liabilities shall be assumed by the Transferee Company to the extent they are outstanding as on the Effective Date so as to become, the liabilities, debts, duties and obligations of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions as was applicable to the Transferor Company, and the Transferee Company shall meet, discharge and satisfy the liabilities and it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who is a party to any contract or arrangement by virtue of which such liabilities have arisen in order to give effect to the provisions of this clause.
 (xiv)  Where any of the debts, liabilities, duties and obligations 
incurred before the Appointed Date by the Transferor Company, deemed to have been transferred to the Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme, has been discharged by the Transferor Company after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to have been for and on account of the Transferee Company.
 Permits
 (xv)  All G overnmental Approvals and other consents, 
allotments, concessions, credits, awards, sanctions, subsidies, rehabilitation schemes, permissions, quotas, rights, authorisations, entitlements, no-objection certificates and licences, including those relating to tenancies, pre-qualifications, bid acceptances, tenders, privileges, powers, facilities, letter of allotments and certificates of every kind and description of whatsoever nature, to which the Transferor Company is a party or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be entitled to use or which may be required to carry on the operations of the Transferor Company, and which are subsisting or in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, including the benefits of any applications made for any of the foregoing, shall be, and remain, in full force and effect in favour of or against the Transferee Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party, a beneficiary or an obligee thereto and shall be appropriately mutated by the relevant Governmental Authorities in favour of the Transferee Company. It is hereby clarified that if the consent of any third party or Governmental Authority is required to give effect to the provisions of this Clause, the said third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record the necessary substitution/endorsement in the name of the Transferee Company pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, and upon this Scheme becoming effective in accordance with the terms hereof. For this purpose, the Transferee Company shall file appropriate applications/ documents with relevant authorities concerned for information and record purposes.
 Contracts
 (x viii)  All c ontracts, agreements including power purchase 
agreement(s), coal linkages agreement(s), fuel supply agreement(s), consultancy agreements, purchase orders/service orders, operation and maintenance contracts, memoranda of understanding, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements, memoranda of agreed points, letters of agreed points, minutes of meetings, bids, tenders, expression of interest, letters of intent, arrangements, understandings, engagements, deeds and instruments, including hire and purchase arrangements, lease/licence agreements, tenancy rights, agreements/ panchnamas for right of way, equipment purchase agreements, agreement with customers, purchase and other agreements with the supplier/manufacturer of goods/service providers, other arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, whether written or otherwise, and other instruments to which the Transferor Company is a party, or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be entitled, and which are subsisting or having effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, continue in full force and effect against or in favour of, as the case may be, the Transferee Company, and may be enforced effectively by or against the Transferee Company as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligor or obligee thereto or thereunder.  
The Transferee Company will, if required, enter into novation agreements in relation to such contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements and other instruments.
25 Legal Proceedings
 (xxi)  All legal proceedings, including quasi-judicial, arbitral 
and other administrative proceedings, of whatsoever 
nature by or against the Transferor Company pending on the Effective Date shall not abate or be discontinued or be prejudicially affected in any way by reason of the Scheme or by anything contained in the Scheme but shall be continued, prosecuted and enforced, as the case may be, by or against the Transferee Company, in the same manner and to the same extent as they would or might have been continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferor Company. The Transferee Company undertakes to have all legal or other proceedings specified in this Clause, initiated by or against the Transferor Company, transferred to its name and to have such proceedings continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferee Company, as the case may be. Following the Effective Date,  
the Transferee Company may initiate any legal proceeding for and on behalf of the Transferor Company.
 Employees
 (xxiii)  W ith effect from the Effective Date, all the staff and 
employees of the Transferor Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Transferee Company, and, subject to the provisions of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favourable than those on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company. With regard to provident fund, gratuity, superannuation, leave encashment and any other special scheme or benefits or fund or trusts, if any, created by the Transferor Company which exist immediately prior to the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for the Transferor Company for all purposes whatsoever, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, including with regard to the obligation to make contributions to relevant authorities, such as the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner or to such other funds maintained by the Transferor Company, in accordance with applicable Law. It is hereby clarified that upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, such benefits and schemes shall continue to be provided to the transferred employees and the service of all transferred employees of the Transferor Company for such purpose shall be treated as having been continuous.
 Intellectual Property
 (xx viii)  All Int ellectual Property Rights of the Transferor 
Company shall stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company.
 Inter se Transactions
 (xxix)  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme and with 
effect from the Appointed Date, all inter-se contracts and inter-corporate deposits, loans, advances, including the issuance and allotment of unlisted optionally convertible debentures issued by the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company, and other obligations (including any guarantees, letters of credit, letters of comfort or any other instrument or arrangement which may give rise to a contingent liability in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any time in future become due between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, shall, ipso facto, stand discharged and cancelled, cease to operate and come to an end and there shall be no liability in that behalf on any party and appropriate effect shall be given to such cancellation and cessation in the books of accounts and records of the Transferee Company. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that in view of the above, there will be no accrual of income or expense on account of any transactions, including inter-alia any transactions in the nature of sale or transfer of any goods, materials or services, between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that with effect from the Effective Date, there will be no accrual of interest or other charges in respect of any inter se loans, unlisted optionally convertible debentures, deposits or balances between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company.
 Taxes
 (xxxii)  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme and with 
effect from the Appointed Date, all Taxes payable by, or refundable to, the Transferor Company, including any refunds, claims or credits (including credits for income Tax, withholding Tax, advance Tax, self-assessment Tax, minimum alternate Tax, central value added Tax credit, goods and services Tax credits, other indirect Tax credits and other Tax receivables) shall be treated as the Tax liability, refunds, claims, or credits, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company, and any Tax incentives, benefits (including claims for unabsorbed Tax losses and unabsorbed Tax depreciation), advantages, privileges, exemptions, credits, Tax holidays, remissions or reductions, which would have been available to the Transferor Company, shall be available to the Transferee Company, and following the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to initiate, raise, add or modify any claims in relation to such Taxes on behalf of the Transferor Company.
 Creditors
 (xxxiii)  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme and with 
effect from the Appointed Date, the secured creditors of the Transferor Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor Company, if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company, as existing immediately prior to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company and the secured creditors of the Transferee Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferee Company, if any, shall be entitled to security only in respect of the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee Company, as existing immediately prior to 
26
Ambuja Cements Limitedthe amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company. It is hereby clarified that pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company, (a) the secured creditors of the Transferor Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferor Company, if any, shall not be entitled to any additional security over the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferee Company and therefore, such assets which are not currently encumbered shall remain free and available for creation of any security thereon in future in relation to any current or future indebtedness of the Transferee Company; and (b) the secured creditors of the Transferee Company and/or other holders of security over the properties of the Transferee Company, if any, shall not be entitled to any additional security over the properties, assets, rights, benefits and interest of the Transferor Company and therefore, such assets which are not currently encumbered shall remain free and available for creation of any security thereon in future in relation to any current or future indebtedness of the Transferee Company.
2.3 C ancellation of equity shares of the Transferor Company 
and payment of consideration
2.3.1  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme, the equity shares of 
the Transferor Company held by the Transferee Company (either directly or through nominees) on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled without any further application, act or deed. Further, the investment in the equity shares of the Transferor Company, appearing in the books of accounts of the Transferee Company shall, without any further act or deed, stand cancelled. It is clarified that no new shares shall be issued nor payment shall be made in cash whatsoever by the Transferee Company in lieu of cancellation of such equity shares of the Transferor Company.
2.3.2  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme, and in 
consideration of the amalgamation of the Undertaking into and with the Transferee Company, the Transferee Company shall, without any further application, act or deed, pay to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company), whose names are recorded in the register of members as a member of the Transferor Company, including register and index of beneficial owners maintained by a depository under Section 11 of the Depositories Act, 1996, on the Record Date (or to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives or other successors in title as may be recognised by the Board of the Transferee Company) (the “Eligible Member”) in the following manner:
 “` 321.50 (Rupees Three Hundred and Twenty One and paise fifty) for every 1 (one) fully paid-up equity share of ` 10/- each 
held in the Transferor Company. ”
 which payment shall b e made not later than 30 (thirty) days 
from the Effective Date (“Payment Date”).
2.5 A ccounting Treatment
 A ccounting Treatment in the books of the Transferee 
Company
 Not withstanding anything else contained in the Scheme, the 
Transferee Company shall account for the amalgamation of the Transferor Company in its books of accounts in accordance with Pooling of Interest Method of accounting as laid down in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) 103 (Business Combinations of entities under common control) notified under Section 133 of the Act, under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be amended from time to time, and the date of such accounting treatment would be in accordance with the applicable Ind AS.
2.5
.1 T he Transferee Company shall record the assets and liabilities of 
the Transferor Company, vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at 
the carrying values as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Transferee Company. However, the assets and liabilities pertaining to subsidiary companies of the Transferor Company, which are not merged with the Transferee Company and for which the Transferee Company will hold investment in subsidiaries post-merger of the Transferor Company, will not vest in the Transferee Company and thereby, not recognised in the separate financial statements of the Transferee Company.
2.5.2  T he identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company, 
excluding reserves related to subsidiary companies of the Transferor Company which are not merged with the Transferee Company, shall be preserved and the Transferee Company shall record the reserves of the Transferor Company in the same form and at the carrying amount as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of Transferee Company.
2.5.3  T he Transferee Company shall recognise investment in the 
subsidiary companies of the Transferor Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme at the amount equal to the total of all assets as reduced by total of all liabilities and reserves related to subsidiary companies of the Transferor Company as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Transferee Company and determined in accordance with Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.
2.5.4  P ursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with 
the Transferee Company, the inter-company balances between the Transferee Company and the Transferor Company, if any, appearing in the books of the Transferee Company shall stand cancelled and there shall be no further obligation in that behalf.
2.5.5  T he value of investments held by the Transferee Company in 
the Transferor Company shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation.
2.5.6  T he Transferee Company shall recognise cash consideration as 
per clause 2.3 of the Scheme to the equity shareholders (other than the Transferee Company) at fair value/ amount paid or payable.
2.5.7  T he surplus, if any arising after taking the effect of clause 2.5.1 
to 2.5.6 shall be transferred to Capital Reserve in the financial statements of the Transferee Company and should be presented separately from other Capital Reserves with disclosure of its nature and purpose in the notes. The deficit, if any, arising after taking the effect of clauses 2.5.1 to 2.5.6 shall be transferred to Retained Earnings in the financial statements of the Transferee Company.
1.5.8  In c ase of any differences in accounting policies between 
the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, the accounting policies followed by the Transferee Company shall  
27prevail to ensure that the financial statements reflect the 
financial position based on consistent accounting policies.
2.5.9  C omparative financial information in the standalone financial 
statements of the Transferee Company shall be restated for the accounting impact of merger, as stated above, as if the merger had occurred from the beginning of the comparative period presented. However, if common control came into existence at a date later than beginning of the comparative period presented, the prior period information shall be restated only from the date on which common control came into existence.
2.5.10  F or accounting purposes, the Scheme will be given effect when 
all substantial conditions for the transfer of the Transferor Company are completed.
2.5.11  A ny matter not dealt with hereinabove shall be dealt with in 
accordance with the requirement of applicable Ind AS.
 Accounting Treatment in the books of the Transferor Company
2.5.12  A s the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved without being 
wound up, upon the Scheme becoming effective, hence no accounting treatment is being prescribed under this Scheme in the books of the Transferor Company.
2.6 D issolution of the Transferor Company
2.6.1  Up on the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferor 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up, without any further act or deed.
2.7 R eorganisation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Transferor Company
2.7.1  Up on the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and as an integral part of the Scheme, the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company shall be reclassified/reorganised such that each equity share of  
` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) of the Transferor Company shall stand 
reclassified/reorganised as 5 (Five) equity share of ` 2/- (Rupees 
Two only) each.
2.8 C onsolidation of the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Transferor Company with the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company
2.8.1  Up on the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, and pursuant to the reclassification and reorganization of the resultant authorized share capital of the Transferor Company as set out in Clause 2.7 above, the resultant authorized share capital of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company. The fees or stamp duty, if any, paid by the Transferor Company on its authorized share capital shall be deemed to have been so paid by the Transferee Company on the combined authorized share capital, and the Transferee Company shall not be required to pay any fee/stamp duty for the increase of the authorized share capital. The authorised share capital of the Transferee Company will automatically stand increased to that effect by simply filing the requisite forms with the RoC and no separate procedure or instrument or deed shall be required to be followed under  
the Act.2.8.2  Clause V . of the memorandum of association of the Transferee 
Company (relating to the authorised share capital) shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, and without any further act, instrument or deed, be altered, modified and amended pursuant to sections 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable provisions of the Act.
2.8.3  F or the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that, in case, the 
authorised share capital of the Transferee Company undergoes any change, either as a consequence of Adani Cementation Merger Scheme and/or Sanghi Merger Scheme and/or any corporate actions or otherwise, then Clause 2.8.1 shall automatically stand increased/modified/adjusted to take into account the effect of such change.
PART III
3. GENER AL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.3.  S cheme conditional upon approvals/sanctions
 Unless other wise decided (or waived) by the Companies, the 
effectiveness of the Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to the fulfilment or waiver (to the extent permitted under applicable Law) of the following conditions precedent:
 (a) the r equisite consent, approval or permission of relevant 
Governmental Authority including but not limited to the Stock Exchanges Approval having been obtained by the Transferee Company in relation to the Scheme;
 (b) the S cheme being approved by the requisite majority 
of public shareholders of the Transferee Company (by way of e-voting), respectively, as required under the SEBI Schemes Master Circular;
 ( c)  the S cheme being approved by the respective requisite 
majorities of the classes of members and creditors (where applicable) of the Companies in accordance with the Act or dispensation having been received from the Tribunal in relation to obtaining such approval from the shareholders and/or creditors or any Law permitting the respective Companies not to convene the meetings of its shareholders and/or creditors;
 ( d)  the S cheme being confirmed/approved by the 
Tribunal, either on terms as originally approved by the Companies, or subject to such modifications approved by the Tribunal, which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Companies, each acting reasonably and in good faith; and
 ( e)  certified copies of the confirmation orders of the Tribunal 
confirming/sanctioning the Scheme being filed with the RoC by the respective Companies. ”
Y ou are requested to read the entire text of the Scheme (enclosed at Annexure 1) to get fully acquainted with the provisions thereof. The aforesaid are only some of the salient extracts thereof.
Accounting treatment
40. T he Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company have 
issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting 
treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with 
28
Ambuja Cements Limitedthe accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.
41. T he Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company have 
issued a certificate to the effect that the accounting treatment as proposed in the Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act. The certificate issued by the Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company is open for inspection as mentioned hereinbelow.
Effect of the Scheme on various parties
42. T he effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Transferor Company, in terms of Rule 6 (3) (vi) and (vii) of 
the Rules would be as follows:
 (a) Sha reholders (promoter and non-promoter)
  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company) to the extent of the equity shares held by it in the Transferor Company, shall be paid cash consideration in the manner as stipulated in Clause 2.3 of the Scheme.
  Further, under the Scheme, the resultant authorized 
share capital of the Transferor Company, shall stand transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company in the manner as stipulated in Clause 2.8 of the Scheme.
  Thus, under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to 
be entered into between the Transferor Company and its equity shareholders.
 (b) Optionally Convertible Debenture Holders
  The optionally convertible debentures (equity 
instrument) issued by the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company shall stand discharged and cancelled and cease to operate and come to an end as stipulated under Clause 2.1.2 (xxix) of the Scheme.
  Thus, under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to 
be entered into between the Transferor Company and its sole optionally convertible debenture holder.
 (c) Creditors
 T he Scheme does not contemplate any arrangement with the 
creditors of the Transferor Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Transferor Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Transferor Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished. The interest of the creditors of the Transferor Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
 F urther, as on date, the Transferor Company has no secured 
creditors and therefore, the question of any effect of the Scheme 
on any secured creditors does not arise. A s on date, the Transferor Company has no outstanding 
debentures (having any contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset) and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holder(s) or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.
 A s on date, the Transferor Company has no outstanding public 
deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (d) Emplo yees, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  As stated in clause 2.1.2 (xxiii) of the Scheme and with 
effect from the Effective Date, all the staff and employees of the Transferor Company, who are in such employment as on the Effective Date shall become, and be deemed to have become, the staff and employees of the Transferee Company, and, subject to the provisions of the Scheme, on terms and conditions not less favorable than those on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any interruption of or break in service as a result of the transfer and vesting of the Undertaking of the Transferor Company to the Transferee Company. In these circumstances, the rights of the staff and employees of the Transferor Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor 
Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up. In these circumstances, the directors and key managerial personnel of the Transferor Company shall cease to be the directors and key managerial personnel of the Transferor Company.
  None of the dir ectors and key managerial personnel (as 
defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Transferor Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Transferee Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Transferee Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Transferor Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent. of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company.
43. T he effect of the proposed Scheme on the stakeholders of 
the Transferee Company, in terms of Rule 6 (3) (vi) and (vii) of the Rules, would be as follows:
 (a) Sha reholders (promoter and non-promoter)
  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity 
shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the 
Transferee Company) to the extent of the equity shares held by it in the Transferor Company, shall be paid cash consideration in the manner as stipulated in Clause 2.3 of the Scheme.
29  Further, under the Scheme, the resultant authorized 
share capital of the Transferor Company, shall stand 
transferred to and be amalgamated/combined with the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company in the manner as stipulated in Clause 2.8 of the Scheme.
  Thus, under the Scheme, an arrangement is sought to 
be entered into between the Transferee Company and its equity shareholders.
 (b) Creditors
  The Scheme does not contemplate any arrangement 
with the creditors of the Transferee Company. No compromise is offered under the Scheme to any of the creditors of the Transferee Company. The liability towards the creditors of the Transferee Company is neither being reduced nor being extinguished. The interest of the creditors of the Transferee Company would in no way be affected by the Scheme.
  Further, as on date, the Transferee Company has no 
secured creditors and therefore, the question of any effect of the Scheme on any secured creditors does not arise.
  As on date, the Transferee Company has no outstanding 
debentures and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such debenture holder(s) or debenture trustee(s) does not arise.
  As on date, the Transferee Company has no outstanding 
public deposits and therefore, the effect of the Scheme on any such deposit holders or deposit trustee(s) does not arise.
 (c) Emplo yees, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  Under the S cheme, no rights of the staff and employees of 
the Transferee Company are being affected. The services of the staff and employees of the Transferee Company shall continue on the same terms and conditions on which they were engaged by the Transferee Company.
  None of the dir ectors and key managerial personnel (as 
defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) of the Transferee Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act and the rules framed thereunder) have any material interest in the Scheme, except to the extent that one of the key managerial personnel of the Transferee Company, namely, Mr. Manish Mistry, is one of the nominee shareholders of the Transferor Company and/or except to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives may be holding shares in the Transferee Company and/or to the extent that the said directors, key managerial personnel and their respective relatives are the partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, bodies corporate, trustee and/or beneficiaries of trust that hold shares in the Transferee Company, if any. None of the directors, key managerial personnel of the Transferee Company or their relatives are holding more than two per cent. of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company.44. I n compliance with the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the 
Act, the Board of Directors of the Applicant Companies, in their respective meetings, both held on December 17, 2024, have adopted a report, inter alia, explaining the effect of the 
Scheme on its shareholders, creditors and key managerial personnel amongst others. Copy of the Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company are enclosed as Annexure 16 
and Annexure 17, respectively.
Other matters
45. C opy of the Summary of Valuation Report 1 and Valuation 
Report 2, including the basis of such Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2 and Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2 is enclosed as Annexure 18.
46. No in vestigation proceedings have been instituted or are 
pending in relation to the Companies under Chapter XIV of the Act or the corresponding provisions of Sections 235 to 251 of the Companies Act, 1956.
47. T o the knowledge of the respective Companies, no winding 
up proceedings have been filed or are pending against any of the Companies under the Act or under the corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956.
48. No pr oceedings are pending under the Act or under the 
corresponding provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 against any of the Companies.
49. T o the knowledge of the respective Companies, no 
insolvency proceedings have been filed or are pending against any of the Companies under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
50. T here is no capital restructuring or debt restructuring being 
undertaken pursuant to this Scheme.
51. T he joint Company Application, being C.A. (CAA)/57 (AHM) 
2025 along with annexures thereto (which includes the Scheme) was jointly e-filed by the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company with the NCLT, on October 16, 2025. The hard copy whereof was filed with the NCLT on  
October 17, 2025.
52. T he copy of the proposed Scheme along with the Order 
has been filed by the respective Companies before the concerned Registrar of Companies, on November 12, 2025, November 22, 2025 and November 24, 2025, in Forms GNL 1.
53. T he unaudited financial results of the Transferor Company 
and the Transferee Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, are enclosed as Annexure 19 and Annexure 20, respectively.
54. I n terms of SEBI Schemes Master Circular, the applicable 
information of the Transferor Company in the format 
specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, is enclosed as Annexure 21.
55. T he documents submitted under the application made by 
the Transferee Company with NSE and BSE, respectively, 
30
Ambuja Cements Limitedunder SEBI Schemes Master Circular, will be available on the website of the Transferee Company at https://www.ambujacement.
com/investors/scheme-of-arrangement-amalgamation, which would be deemed to have been incorporated in the present 
explanatory statement.
56. A s per the books of accounts of (as on September 30, 2025) the Transferor Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is 
` 981.48 crore.
57. A s per the books of accounts of (as on September 30, 2025) the Transferee Company, the amount due to the unsecured creditors is 
` 9,793.36 crore .
58. T he name and address of the promoter of the Transferor Company, including its shareholding in the Transferor Company as on 
September 30, 2025, is as under:
Sr. No. Name and Address of the Promoters No. of Shares held in the 
Transferor Company% of 
 holding
1 Ambuja Cements Limited
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. 
Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 42113,37,14,994 99.94
2 *Manish Vinodchandra Mistry
A-43, Luv Kush Apartment, Opp. Jai Ambe Nagar, Udgam School 
Lane, Thaltej, Ahmedabad 380 0541 0.00
3 *Anil Ramsahay Agarwal
13, Annapurna Society, Anil Starch Mill Road, Bapunagar, 
Ahmedabad – 380 0241 0.00
4 * Aditya Ranjan
Lane-21, Laxmi Narayan Nagar, Bela, Muzaffarpur, Bihar – 842 0021 0.00
5 * Nitesh Maheshwariresiding at D-89, Dev Nagar, Murlipura, Jaipur, Rajasthan – 302 0391 0.00
6 *Yash Maheshbhai JoshiD-201, Swagat Agacia, behind Swagat Holiday Mall, Sargasan Cross 
Road, VTC: Sargasan, Gandhinagar – 3824211 0.00
7 *Ronak Vinodbhai Shah
A-202, Green Arcade, L P Savani Road, Behind Trinity Business Park, 
Adajan, Surat – 3950091 0.00
Total Promoter Group 13,37,15,000 99.94
 * A s Nominee of Ambuja Cements Limited
59. T he name and address of the promoters / Promoter Group of the Transferee Company, including their shareholding in the Transferee 
Company as on September 30, 2025, are as under:
Sr. No. Name and Address of the Promoters / Promoter Group No. of Shares held in the 
Transferee Company% of holding
1 Holderind Investments Ltd,
6th Floor, Tower I, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius1,18,52,00,361 47.97
2 Harmonia Trade and Investment Ltd,6
th Floor, Tower I, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius47,74,78,249 19.33
3 Endeavour Trade and Investment Limited,6
th Floor, Tower 1, Nexteracom Building, Ebene, Mauritius7,02,442 0.03
4 Adani Enterprises Limited,Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. 
Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 42187,00,000 0.35
Total Promoter / Promoter Group 1,67,20,81,052 67.68
3160. T he names, designations, addresses and Director Identification Number (“ DIN”) of the directors of the Transferor Company as on 
September 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. No. Name and Designation Address DIN
1 Mr. Sanjay Kumar Behl,
Wholetime DirectorFlat No. C-309, Avantika CHS, Birla Lane, Nr. Tulip Star Hotel, Vile Parle, West, VTC – Juhu, Mumbai – 400 049, Maharashtra, India07003899
2 Mr. Sukuru Ramarao,Non-Executive DirectorC4-702, Water Lily Apartments, Adani Sgantigram, Adalaj, Gandhinagar – 382421, Gujarat, India08846591
3 Ms. Kajal Saxena,Non-Executive DirectorBehind Bade Mandir, Kishangarh Renwal, Jaipur, Rajasthan – 303 603, India10744634
4 Mr. Chetan Babaldas Patel, Independent DirectorA-11A, Aryaman, Thaltej – Shilaj Road, Opp. Anand Niketan School, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India.00446745
5 Ms. Archana Dholakia, Independent DirectorA1-302, Medows, Near Vaishnodevi Circle, Khodiyar, Adani Shantigram Township, Ahmedabad – 382421, Gujarat, India07935065
61. T he names, designations, addresses and DIN of the directors of the Transferee Company as on September 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. No. Name and Designation Address DIN
1 Mr. Gautam S. Adani,  Chairman - Non-Executive, Non – Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad – 380058.00006273
2 Mr. Karan Adani,Non-Executive,  Non – Independent DirectorShantivan Farmhouse, B/h. Karnavati Club, Gandhinagar Sarkhej Highway, Ahmedabad – 380058.03088095
3 Mr. Ajay Kapur,Managing DirectorNo. 2 Southlands, S. B. Singh Road, Colaba, Mumbai – 400005. 03096416
4 Mr. Vinod BahetyWholetime Director & CEOB1 – 1201, Waterlily Apartments, Adani Shantigram,  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat.09192400
5 Mr. Maheswar Sahu,Non-Executive, Independent DirectorA/302, Parijat Residency, Opp. IOS Petrol Pump, Judges Bungalow, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad – 380054.00034051
6 Mr. Rajnish Kumar,Non-Executive, Independent DirectorF: 202, Ambience Caitriona, Sector 24, Gurgaon, Haryana. 05328267
7 Mr. Ameet Desai,Non-Executive, Independent DirectorD – 48, Aryaman Bungalow, Near Thaltej Shilaj Railway Crossing,  Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380059, Gujarat.00007116
8 Mrs. Purvi Sheth,Non-Executive, Independent Director3801, Floor -38, A-2 Tower, Sky Forest, Senapati Bapat Marg, Near Flphinstone Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai, PO: Delisle Road, Mumbai - 400013, Maharashtra.06449636
9 Mr. Praveen Garg,Non-Executive, Independent DirectorN-28, First Floor Greater Kailash-I South Delhi, Delhi – 110048. 00208604
62. T he details of the shareholding of the Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel (hereinafter referred to as the “ KMP”) of the 
Transferor Company in the Companies as on September 30, 2025, are as follows:
Sr. No. Name Designation Equity Shares 
Held in Transferor 
CompanyEquity Shares 
Held in Transferee 
Company
1 Mr. Sanjay Kumar Behl Wholetime Director Nil Nil
2 Mr. Sukuru Ramarao Non-Executive Director Nil Nil
3 Ms. Kajal Saxena Non-Executive Director Nil Nil
4 Mr. Chetan Patel Independent Director Nil Nil
5 Ms. Archana Dholakia Independent Director Nil Nil
6 *Mr. Nitesh Maheshwari Chief Financial Officer 1 Nil
7 Ms. Aditi Khandelwal Company Secretary Nil Nil
 * A s a Nominee of Ambuja Cements Limited
32
Ambuja Cements Limited63. T he details of the shareholding of the Directors and KMP of the Transferee Company in the Companies as on September 30, 2025, 
are as follows:
Sr. No. Name Designation Equity Shares 
Held in Transferor 
CompanyEquity Shares 
Held in Transferee 
Company
1 Mr. Gautam S. Adani Chairman, Non-Executive,  
Non Independent DirectorNil Nil
2 Mr. Karan Adani Non-Executive, Non Independent Director Nil Nil
3 Mr. Ajay Kapur Managing Director Nil 5,64,900
4 Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director & Chief Executive Officer Nil Nil
5 Mr. Maheswar Sahu Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil 2,000
6 Mr. Rajnish Kumar Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
7 Mr. Ameet Desai Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
8 Mrs. Purvi Sheth Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
9 Mr. Praveen Garg Non-Executive, Independent Director Nil Nil
10 Mr. Rakesh Tiwary Chief Financial Officer Nil 200
11 Mr. Manish Mistry Company Secretary 1* Nil
 *A s a nominee of Ambuja Cements Limited
64. T he (a) pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern of the Companies as on as on September 30, 2025; (b) the post-amalgamation 
shareholding pattern upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on September 30, 2025; and (c) capital structure of the Transferee Company upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing shareholding pattern as on as on September 30, 2025, are as under:
 T ransferor Company - pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on September 30, 2025:
Sr. No. Name Category No. of Shares Demat / Physical % of 
Shareholding
1 Ambuja Cements Limited Promoter 13,37,14,994 Demat 99.94
2 *Manish Vinodchandra Mistry 1 Demat 0.00
3 *Anil Ramsahay Agrawal 1 Demat 0.00
4 *Aditya Ranjan 1 Demat 0.00
5 *Nitesh Maheshwari 1 Demat 0.00
6 *Yash Maheshbhai Joshi 1 Demat 0.00
7 *Ronak Vinodbhai Shah 1 Demat 0.00
8 Apeetha Enterprises Private Limited Public 25,000 Demat 0.02
9 Preeti Narayana P . Public 60,000 Physical 0.04
Total - 13,38,00,000 - 100.00
 * As Nominee of Ambuja Cements Limited.
 T ransferee Company - pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on September 30, 2025:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
Sub Total (A) (1) 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
2 Foreign 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.33
Sub Total (A) (2) 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.33
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) = (A) (1) + (A) (2)1,67,20,81,052 0 1,67,20,81,052 67.68
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 19,84,09,310 59,235 19,84,68,545 8.03
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 1,32,83,687 0 1,32,83,687 0.54
(c) Banks 55,056 8,760 63,816 0.00
33Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(d) Insurance Companies 22,28,51,917 8,250 22,28,60,167 9.02
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 4,50,52,229 0 4,50,52,229 1.82
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.21
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 24,909 31,082 55,991 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 21,000 21,000 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (1) 48,48,30,637 1,28,327 48,49,58,964 19.63
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I 14,17,95,040 0 14,17,95,040 5.74
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -II 41,34,930 0 41,34,930 0.17
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 61,275 61,275 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (2) 14,59,29,970 61,275 14,59,91,245 5.91
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ 
President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (3) 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 5,65,100 0 5,65,100 0.02
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 51,03,509 0 51,03,509 0.21
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs10,97,65,659 44,79,914 11,42,45,573 4.62
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs75,67,299 0 75,67,299 0.31
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 99,12,885 19,49,571 1,18,62,456 0.48
(f) Foreign Nationals 4,059 15,000 19,059 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 2,24,93,316 2,42,703 2,27,36,019 0.92
(h)
Director or Director’s Relatives 2,000 0 2,000 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 9,07,632 0 9,07,632 0.04
(k) HUF 30,00,543 191 30,00,734 0.12
(l) LLP 13,15,363 0 13,15,363 0.05
(m) Trusts 50,697 0 50,697 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (4) 16,06,88,062 66,96,499 16,73,84,561 6.78
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)79,15,32,393 68,86,101 79,84,18,494 32.32
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders (C) = C(1) + C (2)13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 246,49,37,377 68,86,101 247,18,23,478 100.00
 T ransferee Company - post-amalgamation shareholding pattern as on September 30, 2025:
Category Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(A) Promoter and Promoter Group
1 Indian 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
Sub Total (A) (1) 87,00,000 0 87,00,000 0.35
2 Foreign 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.33
Sub Total (A) (2) 1,66,33,81,052 0 1,66,33,81,052 67.33
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) = (A) (1) + (A) (2)1,67,20,81,052 0 1,67,20,81,052 67.68
34
Ambuja Cements LimitedCategory Category of Shareholder Shares held in 
Demat formShares held in 
Physical formTotal Number 
of Shares%
(B) Public Shareholding
1 Institutions (Domestic)
(a) Mutual Funds 19,84,09,310 59,235 19,84,68,545 8.03
(b) Alternative Investment Funds 1,32,83,687 0 1,32,83,687 0.54
(c) Banks 55,056 8,760 63,816 0.00
(d) Insurance Companies 22,28,51,917 8,250 22,28,60,167 9.02
(e) Provident Fund / Pension Fund 4,50,52,229 0 4,50,52,229 1.82
(f) Sovereign Wealth Fund 51,53,529 0 51,53,529 0.21
(g) NBFCs registered with RBI 24,909 31,082 55,991 0.00
(h) Other Financial Institutions 0 21,000 21,000 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (1) 48,48,30,637 1,28,327 48,49,58,964 19.63
(2) Institution (Foreign)
(a) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -I 14,17,95,040 0 14,17,95,040 5.74
(b) Foreign Portfolio Investors – Category -II 41,34,930 0 41,34,930 0.17
(c) Foreign Institutional Investors 0 61,275 61,275 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (2) 14,59,29,970 61,275 14,59,91,245 5.91
(3) Central Government/ State Government(s)/ 
President of India
(a) Central Government / President of India 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (3) 83,724 0 83,724 0.00
4 Non-Institutions
(a) Key Managerial Personnel 5,65,100 0 5,65,100 0.02
(b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 51,03,509 0 51,03,509 0.21
(c) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital up to ` 2 lakhs10,97,65,659 44,79,914 11,42,45,573 4.62
(d) Resident Individuals holding nominal share capital in excess of ` 2 lakhs75,67,299
0 75,67,299 0.31
(e) Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 99,12,885 19,49,571 1,18,62,456 0.48
(f) Foreign Nationals 4,059 15,000 19,059 0.00
(g) Bodies Corporate 2,24,93,316 2,42,703 2,27,36,019 0.92
(h) Director or Director’s Relatives 2,000 0 2,000 0.00
(i) Overseas Corporate Bodies 0 9,120 9,120 0.00
(j) Clearing Members 9,07,632 0 9,07,632 0.04
(k) HUF 30,00,543 191 30,00,734 0.12
(l) LLP 13,15,363 0 13,15,363 0.05
(m) Trusts 50,697 0 50,697 0.00
Sub-Total (B) (4) 16,06,88,062 66,96,499 16,73,84,561 6.78
Total Shareholding of Public Shareholding (B) = (B)(1) + (B)(2) + (B)(3) + B(4)79,15,32,393 68,86,101 79,84,18,494 32.32
C Custodian/DR Holder
1 *Custodian/DR Holder 13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
2 Employee Benefit Trust 0 0 0 0
*Total Shareholding of Custodian / DR Holders (C) = C(1) + C (2)13,23,932 0 13,23,932 0.00
TOTAL =(A)+(B)+(C) 246,49,37,377 68,86,101 247,18,23,478 100.00
 Note:
 T here will be no change in the pre-amalgamation and post-amalgamation shareholding of the Transferee Company as cash 
consideration is to be paid to the shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than the Transferee Company) upon the Scheme becoming effective.
35 T ransferee Company - post capital structure upon the Scheme becoming effective and assuming the continuing capital 
structure as on September 30, 2025:
Particulars Amount (in `)
Authorised Share Capital^
4101,77,50,000 Equity Shares of ` 2/- each 8203,55,00,000
15,00,00,000 preference shares of ` 10/- each 150,00,00,000
Total 8353,55,00,000
Issued Share Capital^247,21,49,998* equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up 494,42,99,996
Total 494,42,99,996
Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital^247,18,23,478 * equity shares of ` 2/- each fully paid up# 494,36,46,956
Total 494,36,46,956
^  T he authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital as stated above is after giving effect to the sanction of Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Adani Cementation Limited with Ambuja Cements Limited, which has been made effective from August 1, 2025.
*  T he issued and paid-up share capital includes 13,23,932 equity shares represented by 13,23,932 global depository receipts as on 
August 31, 2025.
#  T he difference of 3,26,520 equity shares between issued, subscribed and paid-up capital is on account of past issuance of right 
shares which are kept in abeyance.
65. I n the event that the Scheme is withdrawn in accordance 
with its terms, the Scheme shall stand revoked, cancelled 
and be of no effect and null and void.
66. T he following documents will be available for inspection by 
the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company through electronic mode during the proceedings of the Meeting, basis email request being sent on investors.relation@adani.
com . Further, the following documents will also be open 
for inspection by the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company at its registered office at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India, between 10.30 a.m. and 12.30 pm on all working days from the date hereof up to one day prior to the date of the Meeting:
 (i) Copy of the order passed by NCLT in C.A. (CAA)/57 
(AHM) 2025, dated October 31, 2025, read with order dated November 19, 2025, inter alia, directing the 
Transferee Company to convene the meeting of its equity shareholders;
 (ii) Copy of C.A. (CAA)/57 (AHM) 2025 (with annexures) 
jointly filed by the Companies before NCLT along with the copy of the Speaking to Minutes Application;
 (iii) Copy of the Scheme;
 (iv) Copy of the Memorandum and Articles of Association 
of the Companies;
 (v) Copy of the annual report of the Companies, for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025;
 (vi) Copy of the unaudited financial results of the 
Companies for the quarter ended September 30, 2025;
 (vii) Copy of the Register of Directors’ shareholding in the 
respective Companies; (viii)  Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 2024, 
issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/02/2019/103) to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company (Valuation Report 1);
 (ix) Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 2024, 
issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company (Fairness Opinion 1);
 (x) Copy of the Addendum to Valuation Report 1, dated 
March 3, 2025, issued by BDO Valuation Advisory LLP , Registered Valuer, in respect of Valuation Report 1 (Addendum to Valuation Report 1);
 (xi) Copy of the Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1, dated 
March 3, 2025, issued by Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, in respect of Addendum to Valuation Report 1 (Addendum to Fairness Opinion 1);
 (xii) Copy of the valuation report dated December 17, 
2024, submitted by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company (Valuation Report 2);
 (xiii)  Copy of the fairness opinion dated December 17, 
2024, issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, to the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company (Fairness Opinion 2);
 (xiv)  Copy of the Addendum to Valuation Report 2, dated 
March 3, 2025, issued by GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer, in respect of Valuation Report 2 (Addendum to Valuation Report 2);
36
Ambuja Cements Limited (x v)  Copy of the Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2, 
dated March 3, 2025, issued by IDBI Capital Markets 
& Securities Limited, a SEBI registered Merchant Banker, in respect of Addendum to Valuation Report 2 (Addendum to Fairness Opinion 2);
 (x vi)  Copy of the Summary of the Valuation Report 1 
and Valuation Report 2, including the basis of such Valuation Report 1 and Valuation Report 2 and the Fairness Opinion 1 and Fairness Opinion 2;
 (x vii)  Copy of the report of the Audit Committee of the 
Transferor Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (x viii)  Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of the Transferor Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (xix)  Copy of the resolution passed by the Mergers and 
Acquisitions Committee of the Transferee Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (xx) Copy of the report of the Audit Committee of the 
Transferee Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (xxi)  Copy of the report of the Committee of Independent 
Directors of the Transferee Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (xxii)  Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of the Transferee Company dated December 17, 2024;
 (xxiii)  Copies of the No Complaint Report dated April 8, 
2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to NSE and the No Complaint Report dated March 7, 2025, submitted by the Transferee Company to BSE;
 (xxiv)  Copy of no-objection/no adverse observation letters 
issued by NSE and BSE, dated April 30, 2025, and April 29, 2025, respectively, to the Transferee Company;
 (xx v)  Details of “Ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited (Company), its promoters and directors”;
 (xx vi)  Details in respect of the particulars mentioned/
stipulated in: (i) clause m) of the no-objection letter dated April 30, 2025, received from NSE; and (ii) clause M. of the no adverse observation letter dated April 29, 2025, received from BSE;
 (xx vii)  Copy of the Statutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 17, 2024, issued by T Mohan & Associates, Statutory Auditors of the Transferor Company under Section 133 of the Act;
 (xx viii) Copy of the Statutory Auditors’ certificate dated 
December 17, 2024, issued by S R B C & Co LLP , Statutory Auditors of the Transferee Company under Section 133 of the Act;
 (xxix)  Copy of the report dated December 17, 2024, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of  
the Act; (xxx)  Copy of the report dated December 17, 2024, adopted 
by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act;
 (xxxi)  Copies of Form Nos. GNL-1 filed by the respective 
Companies with the concerned Registrar of Companies, along with the challans, dated November 12, 2025, November 22, 2025 and November 24, 2025, respectively;
 (xxxii)  Copy of the certificate, dated November 20, 
2025, issued by Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Transferor Company as on September 30, 2025;
 (xxxiii)   Copy of the certificate, dated November 20, 
2025, issued by Hemangi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, certifying the outstanding amount to the unsecured creditors of the Transferee Company as on September 30, 2025; and
 (xxxiv) C opy of the applicable information of the Transferor 
Company in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.
  The equity shareholders shall be entitled to obtain the 
extracts from or for making or obtaining the copies of the documents listed in item numbers (i), (iii), (v), (vi), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii), (xiv), (xv), (xvi), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xxvi), (xxix), (xxx) and (xxxiv) above.
67. T his statement may be treated as an Explanatory Statement 
under Sections 230(3), 232(1) and (2) and 102 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Rules. Hard copies of the Particulars as defined in this Notice can be obtained free of charge within 1 (one) working day on a requisition being so made for the same by the equity shareholders of the Transferee Company at the registered office of the Transferee Company or at the office of its advocates, M/s. Singhi & Co., Singhi House, 1, Magnet Corporate Park, Off Sola Bridge, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 380 059, Gujarat, India.
68. A fter the Scheme is approved by the equity shareholders of 
the Transferee Company, it will be subject to the approval/sanction by NCLT or any other statutory or regulatory authorities as may be applicable.
Dated this November 25, 2025
Justice (Retd.) Kalpesh Jhaveri
Chairman appointed for the Meeting
Registered office:
 A dani Corporate House,
   Shan tigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,
   S. G. H ighway, Khodiyar,
   Ahmedabad – 382 421,
   Gujarat, India.
Annexure 1
37

38
Ambuja Cements Limited

39

40
Ambuja Cements Limited

41

42
Ambuja Cements Limited

43

44
Ambuja Cements Limited

45

46
Ambuja Cements Limited

47

48
Ambuja Cements Limited

49

50
Ambuja Cements Limited

51

52
Ambuja Cements Limited

53

54
Ambuja Cements Limited

55

56
Ambuja Cements Limited

57

58
Ambuja Cements Limited

59

60
Ambuja Cements Limited

61

62
Ambuja Cements Limited

63

64
Ambuja Cements Limited

65

66
Ambuja Cements Limited

67

68
Ambuja Cements Limited

69

Annexure 2
70
Ambuja Cements Limited

71

72
Ambuja Cements Limited

73

74
Ambuja Cements Limited

75

76
Ambuja Cements Limited

77

78
Ambuja Cements Limited

79

80
Ambuja Cements Limited

81

82
Ambuja Cements Limited

83

84
Ambuja Cements Limited

85

86
Ambuja Cements Limited

87

88
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 3
89

90
Ambuja Cements Limited

91

92
Ambuja Cements Limited

93

94
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
BDO Valuation Advisory LLP, an Indian limited liability partnership firm, with LLP Identity No. AAN 9463, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK 
company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms.  
 
Head Office: The Ruby, Level 9, North West Wing, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai 400028, INDIA  
HO 
The Ruby, Level 9, North West Wing  
Senapati Bapat Marg , Dadar (W),  
Mumbai  400028 , INDIA  Tel: +91 2 2 6974 0300  
www.bdo.in 
 
 Ref. No.: MG/Mar32 /2025                      March 03 , 202 5 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Penna Cement Industries Limited 
8 - 3 - 975, Plot No. 128,  Srinagar Colony,  
Khairatabad, Telangana, India - 500 073  
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), Sub: Addendum to Report dated December 17, 2024  bearing reference number MG/Dec17-234/2024 and 
Valuation Annexure dated December 17, 2024  bearing reference number MG/Dec17- 234A/2024 issued 
to Recommend the Fair Value of PCIL for the Proposed Scheme of Arrangement 
 
We, BDO Valuation Advisory LLP (“BDO Val ” or “We” or “Us”), were appointed by Penna Cement Industries 
Limited (“ PCIL” or “Transferor Company ” or “the Client ”) vide letter dated November 27, 2024 to recommend 
the fair value of PCIL to be paid to the equity shareholders of PCIL with respect to the amalgamation of PCIL with 
and into Ambuja Cements Limited (“ACL” or “Transferee Company ”) on a going concern basis, as per the 
Proposed Scheme of Arrangement between PCIL and ACL and their respective shareholders in accordance with the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act” ) and or any statutory modifications, re -
enactment or amendments thereof for the time being in force read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“the Rules ”), as amended from time to time and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and any oth er applicable law for the time being in force including the 
applicable provisions of SEBI Guidelines and the rules. (“the Proposed Scheme ”).  
In this regard, we had issued valuation r eport dated December 17, 2024 bearing reference number MG/Dec17 -
234/2024 with VRN : IOVRVF/BDO/2024 -2025/4416 (“Valuation Report” ) and annexure to valuation report dated 
December 17, 2024  bearing reference number MG/Dec17 -234A/2024  (“Valuation Annexure” ), recommending the 
fair value of PCIL for the Proposed Scheme. 
As per the information provided to us  for preparing the Valuation Report , we had considered the then available 
Audited financial statements of PCIL for the period 1st April 2024 to 15th August 2024 and  limited review financial 
statements of PCIL for the period 16th August 2024 to 30th September 2024  for determining the fair value of PCIL . 
We understand that the audited financial  statements were approved subsequent to our Valuation Report date. We 
have been requested to issue this addendum considering the audited financial statements of PCIL.  
We have reviewed the audited financial  statements of PCIL for the period ended  September 30, 2024 provided to 
us. After considering the audited financial statements of PCIL for the period ended  September 30, 2024, the fair 
value per share of PCIL is same as stated in the Valuation Report i.e. INR 315.2 per share. 
This addendum shall be read in conjunction to the Valuation Report and Valuation Annexure. All other terms & 
conditions and other contents mentioned in the Valuation Report shall remain unchanged and would apply to this addendum to the Valuation Report as well. 
Regards, 
For BDO Valuation Advisory LLP  
IBBI No.: IBBI/RV- E/02/2019/103  
 
__________________________  
Name: Mandar Vikas Gadkari 
Designation: Partner  
IBBI Regn No.: IBBI/RV/06/2018/10500  
Annexure 4
95

Annexure 5
Vivro  Financial Services Private  Limited  
Regd.  Office  : 
Vivro  House, 11, Shashi  Colony, Opp.  Suvidha Shopping Center, 
 Paldi,  Ahmedabad,  Gujarat,  India - 380 007 
Tel. : + 91 ( 79 ) 4040  4242 
www.vivro.net  
CIN - U67120GJ1996PTC029182, Merchant Banker Sebi. Reg. No. INM000010122, AIBI Reg. No. AIBI/086  
 
Page 1 of 2
96
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
Page 2 of 2Roshan 
Nilesh VaishnavDigitally signed 
by Roshan Nilesh Vaishnav Date: 2025.03.03 18:53:38 +05'30'
97

Annexure 6
98
Ambuja Cements Limited

99

100
Ambuja Cements Limited

101

102
Ambuja Cements Limited

103

104
Ambuja Cements Limited

105

106
Ambuja Cements Limited

107

108
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 7
109

110
Ambuja Cements Limited

111

112
Ambuja Cements Limited

113

114
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 8
 
 
   
Member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd.  
Registered Office: L -60, Second floor, Connaught Circus, Outer Circle, New Delhi - 110001  
CIN: U74999DL2021PTC381143  
Offices in Bengaluru, Mumbai, New Delhi   www.grantthornton.in  
GT Valuation Advisors 
Private Limited  
 
16th Floor, Tower III 
One International Centre,  
S B Marg Prabhadevi (W)  
Mumbai – 400013 
Maharashtra, India  
 
T +91 22 6626 2600  
 
 
 Strictly Private and Confidential 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Ambuja Cements Limited Adani Corporate House , Shantigram,  
Near Vaishnav Devi Circle, S.G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 382421  
 
Date: 03 March 2025 
  
Sub: Addendum to Report dated 17 December 2024 on valuation of equity shares of Penna Cement Industries Limited 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  We refer to our Engagement Letter dated 09 December 2024 whereby the Management of Ambuja Cements Limited (“Ambuja” 
or the “Client”) (referred to as the “Management”), have requested GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited (“GTVAPL” or the “Firm”) to undertake valuation of equity shares of Penna Cement Industries Limited (“PCIL”) for proposed amalgamation of 
PCIL with and into Ambuja and consequent dissolution of PCIL without being wound up & payment to the equity shareholders as cash consideration (“Proposed Transaction”) pursuant to a Scheme of Arrangement as per the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable clauses of the  Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme of Arrangement”) .  
 In this regard, we have issued a report as of 17 December 2024 (the “Report”) estimating the fair value of equity shares of 
PCIL for the Scheme of Arrangement  prepared based on  the Audited Financial Statements  of PCIL for the period 1 April 2024 
to 15 August 2024 and Limited Review Financial Statements of PCIL for the period 16
 August to 30 September 2024 .  We 
understand that the Audited Financial Statements of PCIL for the period 1 April 2024 to 30 September 2024 have become  
available subsequent to our Report date.   
 Without prejudice to the foregoing, we have tested our valuation workings based on the  audited financial statements of PCIL for 
the period ended 30 September 2024 and note that there is no change in the value of equity shares of PCIL as stated in the 
Report.  Please note that this document should be read in conjunction with the Report, the terms, conditions, and caveats  mentioned 
therein as well as our Engagement Letter.  
 Respectfully submitted,  
 For GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited Registered Valuer Entity – Securities and Financial Assets  
IBBI Registration Number: IBBI/RV- E/05/2020/134  
    Darshana Kadakia Director Register Valuer – Securities and Financial Assets  
IBBI Registration Number: IBBI/RV/05/2022/14711  
Date: 03 March 2025 
Date: Mon Mar 03 18:03:30 IST 2025Darshana Kadakia01JNDZVAMP91AE4NFM7HB47WNP)eSigned using Aadhaar (Leegality.com -
115

Annexure 9
116
Ambuja Cements Limited

117

Annexure 10
118
Ambuja Cements Limited

119

Annexure 11
120
Ambuja Cements Limited

121

Annexure 12
122
Ambuja Cements Limited

123

124
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 13
125

126
Ambuja Cements Limited

127

Annexure 14
 
 
 
 
1 
 
DETAILS OF ONGOING ADJUDICATION & RECOVERY PROCEEDINGS, PROSECUTION 
INITIATED, AND ALL OTHER ENFORCEMENT ACTION TAKEN, IF ANY, AGAINST THE 
COMPANY, ITS PROMOTERS AND DIRECTORS  
 A number of litigations are ﬁled against Ambuja Cements Limited (“Company”) and/or its 
directors, in the normal course of business, and are pending before various forums, which 
mainly arise in connection /with respect to penalty by Competition Commission of India, 
demands related to mining levies, land disputes, labour disputes, disputes with vendors, 
challenge pertaining to State levies. The Company has also ﬁled litigations for recovery of its dues, chal lenging various levies, demand actions initiated against the Company, 
challenging the provisions of the Act/Rules/no tiﬁcations, before various courts and 
forums.  
 In line with accounting standards, a provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. As at June 30, 
2025 , the Company had a total provision of Rs. 2,079 Crore, where an unfavorable outcome 
was deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate could be made. For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent l iabilities. As at June 30, 2025 , such claims 
amounted to a total of Rs.2,991  Crore. For cases where the possibility of an unfavorable 
outcome is deemed remote, the Company has not made a provision and has not included 
the claims for such cases in contingent liabilities. Apart from above, other cases are there, 
which are ﬁled by the Company or against the Company which relates to majorly land disputes, injunction suits, cheque bouncing cases, criminal cases, labour issues, challenging of vires of enactments, environment matters, etc.  
 
The following annexures are enclosed:  
 
(i) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and 
all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited (“the 
Company”) as per Annexure A.  
 
(ii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against directors of the Company as per Annexure B . 
 
(iii) Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against promoters of the Company as per Annexure C . 
    
128
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
2 
 
Annexure A  
 
Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Ambuja Cements Limited  as at June 30, 
2025  
(a) Tax related matters:  
 
Direct Taxes related matters  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs.26.79 
Crore, mainly pertaining to income tax demands by the Government of India’s tax 
authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on  consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in the 
Company’s own cases and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments 
and, accordingly, the Comp any has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 
2 0 2 5 .  D i s p u t e d  t a x  i s s u e s  t h a t  a r e  c l a s s i ﬁ e d  a s  r e m o t e  a r e  n o t  d i s c l o s e d  a s  
contingent liabilities by the Company.     
 
Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 26.79 Crore:  
 
• Rs. 26.79 Crore related to appeals ﬁled by the Company or the tax authorities 
with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income tax, where the Company is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel. The key disputed liabilities were:  
 
- Rs. 11.97 Crore related to whether CSR contribution is eligible for deduction 
u/s 80G of the Income Tax Act. This ground is allowed by CIT(A) and Revenue 
i s  i n  a p p e a l  b e f o r e  I T A T .  I n  t h i s  r e g a r d ,  t h e  C ompany believes to win this 
ground at ITAT level as well.  
 
- Rs. 3.19 Crore related to the tax and interest demand pertaining to change in head of income from Capital Gain to Business Income. (The Company had earned a proﬁt of Rs. 12.37 Crore from sale of land at Andhra Pradesh. After indexation beneﬁt, the Compan y had off ered Rs. 5.52 Crore as L ong T erm 
Capital Gain in the Return of Income. The Assessing Ofﬁcer has considered 
the entire proﬁt as Business Income and added back the differential amount 
of Rs. 6.85 Crore to the total income.  
 
- R s . 1 1. 63  Cr o r e r el at ed  t o m i s c ell an eo us  gr o un d s wher e the Company has either favourable orders in its own case, or the chance of winning is certain.  
 
Indirect Taxes related matters  
 
The Company’s contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs.39 6 Crore, 
mainly pertaining to indirect tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. The Company has appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favourable decisions in the Company’s own case s and other similar cases as set out below, the Company believes 
129

 
 
 
 
3 
 
that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments 
and accordingly , the Company has not provided for these tax demands at June 30, 
2025 .  D i s p u t e d  t a x  i s s u e s  t h a t  a r e  c l a s s i ﬁ e d  a s  r e m o t e  a r e  n o t  d i s c l o s e d  a s  
contingent liabilities by the Company.     
 
Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 396 Crore, the key disputed liabilities were:  
  - R s . 2 4 8  C r o r e  r e l a t e d  t o  t h e  d i f f e r e n t i a l  a m o u n t  o f  S a l e s  T a x  b e n e ﬁ t  u n d e r  Rajasthan State incentive Scheme.   
- Rs.42 Crore related to differential custom duties on account of classiﬁcation of 
imported coal.  
 
- Rs.38 Crore related to Entry Tax issue on stock transfer of cement & other goods 
like limestone in multiple states.  
 
- Rs.21 Crore involves miscellaneous cases under various materials under different State VAT laws.  
 
- Rs.47 Crore involves miscellaneous cases under Central Excise and Goods & Service Tax laws.  
 
(b) Customs related matters  
 The Company in 2018 imported 4, wheel loaders for loading limestone in mines, in dump trucks from China and ﬁled Bill of Entry (B/E) dated 03.11.2018 classifying the 
goods under CTH 84295100 and paid applicable Customs Duty. Thereafter, the 
Company imported 2 similar wheel loaders from Japan in 2019 and ﬁled B/E dated 
13.05.2019 classifying under CTH 84295900 and availed concessional rate of customs duty under Notiﬁcation No. 69/2011 -Cus dated 29.07.2011.  
 
SCN dated 05.01.2024 was issued by Commissioner of Customs (Import -I), Ballard 
Estate, Mumbai alleging mis -declaration to avail concessional duty beneﬁt and 
accordingly proposed to recover differential duty of Rs.54.61 lakhs along with 
interest and penalt y. Commissioner , vide Order dated 30.08.2024 , without 
considering the matter stand covered in favour of the Company, conﬁrmed the 
demand with interest and imposed ﬁne & penalties. The Company has ﬁled appeal 
before CESTAT, Mumbai. The matter is currently pending.  
 
(c) Demands from Government Authorities  
 
(i) In 2012, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) had imposed a penalty of Rs. 1,163.91 crore on the Company concerning alleged contravention of the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002. On Company’s appeal, Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT), ini tially stayed the penalty and by its ﬁnal order 
dated December 11, 2015, set aside the order of the CCI, remanding the matter 
back to the CCl for fresh adjudication and for passing a fresh order.  
 
After hearing the matter afresh, the CCI had again, by its order dated September 
30, 2016, imposed a penalty of Rs.1,163.91 crore on the Company. The Company 
130
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
4 
 
ﬁled an appeal against the said Order before the COMPAT. The COMPAT, vide its 
interim order dated November 21, 2016 has stayed the penalty with a condition 
to deposit 10% of the penalty amount, in the f orm of ﬁx ed deposit (the said condition has been com plied with) and levy of interest of 12% p.a., in case the 
appeal is decided against the appellant. Meanwhile, pursuant to the notiﬁcation issued by Central Government on May 26, 2017, any appeal, application or 
proceeding before COMPAT is transferred to N ational Company Law Appellate 
Tribunal (NCLAT).  
 
NCLAT, vide its Order dated July 25, 2018, dismissed the Company's appeal and 
upheld the CCI's order. Against this, the Company appealed to the Hon'ble 
Supreme Court, which by its order dated October 05, 2018, admitted the appeal 
and directed to continue the interim order passed by the Tribunal. Company’s appeal is pending.  
 
(ii) In a separate matter, pursuant to a reference ﬁled by the Director, Supplies and 
Disposals, Government of Haryana, the CCI by its Order dated January 19, 2017 
h a d  i m p o s e d  a  p e n a l t y  o f  R s .  2 9 . 8 4  c r o r e  o n  t h e  C o m p a n y .  O n  C o m p a n y ' s  appeal, the COMPAT (later transferred to NCLAT) has stayed the operation of 
CCI's order. The matter is listed before NCLAT and is pending for hearing.  
 
(iii) Director General (Investigation and Registration) ﬁled an application u/s. 10(a)(iii) and Section 37 of MRTP Act (restrictive trade practices) against Cement Manufacturers Association (CMA) and 44 Cement Manufacturers alleging (i) ﬁxing the prices in arb itrary and unjustiﬁed manner; (ii) price hike of 
about 30% from February 1990 to August 1990; (iii) violation of Section 2(o)(ii) 
& 33(1)(d) of MRTP Act. MRTP Commission passed a “Cease & Desist” Order 
dated 20.12.2007 in the above matter against CMA and 42 Companies. An 
Appeal has been ﬁled before the Hon. Supreme Court with a prayer for stay of the said Order of MRTP Commission.  
 
(iv) The Collector of Stamps, Delhi vide its order dated August 07, 2014, directed erstwhile Holcim (India) Private Limited (HIPL) (merged with the Company) to pay stamp duty (including penalty) of Rs.287.88 crore (March 31, 2023 – 
Rs.287.88 crore) on the merger order passed by Hon 'ble High Court of Delhi. HIPL had ﬁled a writ petition, and the Hon'ble High Court of Delhi disposed the matter in favour of the C ompany vide judgement dated 06.11.2024. Collector of 
Stamps has ﬁled a Letters Patent Appeal against the judgement dated  
06.11.2024  before Hon’ble  Delhi High Court.  
 
(v) The State of Gujarat issued circular by which gas used for the purpose of fuel was included within the meaning of the terms consumables stores under section 15B of the Gujarat Sales tax Act, 1969 and was admissible as set off. 
The State further issued another circular dated 02.09.2005 by which the 
circular dated 19. 02.2001 was declared void ab initio and stated natural gas to 
not to be considered as consumable goods w.e.f. 19. 02.2001 and subsequently 
the S tate disallowed the set off of the light diesel oil as claimed in returns ﬁled 
for the assessment year 2001-02 onwards. The writ petition ﬁled by various 
companies challenging the circular dated 02.09.2005 and same was allowed 
by the High Court of Gujarat vide order dated 28. 06.2007. Being aggrieved to 
131

 
 
 
 
5 
 
the said order of the High Court, the S tate of Gujarat ﬁled a SLP before Supreme 
Court of India which is pending.  
 
(vi) Scheme of Amalgamation of Holcim (India ) Private Limited with the Company , 
which was sanctioned by the High Court of Gujarat on 18.03.2014 with an 
appointed date of 01.04.2013. The Company paid Rs. 10.00 Crore as stamp duty 
based on the rate applicable on the appointed date. However, an amendment o n  1 5 . 0 5 . 2 0 1 3  i n c r e a s e d  t h e  m a x i m u m  s t a m p  d u t y  t o  R s .  2 5 . 0 0  C r o r e .  T h e  Collector of Stamp issued a show cause notice to the Company for not paying 
the revised duty within the stipulated time. Despite Company’s representation, 
the Collector directed the Company to pay the deﬁcit stamp duty and a penalty. 
The Company  ﬁled a Stamp Reference before the High Court, arguing that the 
appointed date should determine the stamp duty. Gujarat High Court vide order dated 10.02.2023 ruled in favor of the Company , stating that the levy of stamp 
duty should be based on the appointed date and not the date of the High Court's sanction. The Collector had no authority to impound the instrument or levy a penalty. Aggrieved by the judgement of the High Court, Chief Contr olling 
Revenue Authority has preferred a SLP before Hon’ble Supreme Court and the same is pending for adjudication.  
 
(vii) An Appeal has been ﬁled by the State of Gujarat before the Hon. Supreme Court, 
against the judgement passed by the High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad. w.r.t. whether levy of stamp duty on the “bill of entry” submitted by the importer, can 
be said as a delivery orders in respect of goods (i.e. an instrument entitling any 
p e r s o n  t o  t h e  d e l i v e ry  o f  g o o d s ) .  H o n ’ b l e  H i g h  C o u r t  o f  G u j a r a t  a l l o w e d  t h e  
Appeal.  
 
(viii) An amalgamation between Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (GACL) & Indo Nippon Special Cement Limited (INSCL) occurred by virtue of Hon'ble Gujarat High Court order dated 09.01.2007 under section 394 of the Companies Act, 
1956 and with this all the movable and immovable property of the INSCL got 
vested with GACL. With effect to it, GACL ﬁled application for the valuation of 
t h e  S t a m p  a n d  b y  v i r t u e  o f  i t ,  t h e  L d .  D i s t rict Collector Stamps valued the 
property in total of Rs. 1,21,000/ - vide order dated 26.04.20 10. Being aggrieved 
with the said order the State of Rajasthan through Sub -Registrar ﬁled a revision 
petition giving effect on various grounds like omission on acting on payable 
stamp duty on immovable properties, ignoring the applicability of conveyance 
which the Company has deliberately avoided to secure the interest towards nonpayment of stamp duty on conveyance etc. and same got dismissed on 28.06.2017 by Rajasthan Tax Board. Being aggrieved with such dismissal of the revision petition, the State has now approached the Hon'ble High Court of 
Rajasthan on the grounds that Tax Board has erroneously ignored the action on 
stamp duty payable on immovable property/conveyance and favoured the amalgamation of GACL & INSCL by way of calculating stamp duty payable  on 
cancelled equity shares.  
 
(ix) The Company has challenged the invocation of Bank Guarantee (BG) by the Ministry of Coal, vide its order dated 04.08.2015, by way of writ petition before the Hon’ble Delhi High Court. The Ministry of Coal has issued show cause notice for invocation of BG on the ground of non-compliance of the efﬁciency 
132
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
6 
 
parameters with regard to the operations of Dahegaon Coal Block, which was 
allotted to Joint Venture formed by the Company along with others. The total 
B G  i n v o k e d  w a s  R s . 3 . 6 9  C r o r e  ( a p p r o x . ) ,  o u t  o f  w h i c h  t h e  C o m p a n y’ s  p a r t  i s  Rs.69 lakhs. The block was canceled pursuant to the Hon’ble Supreme Court judgement in M L Sharma matter. The writ petition is pending.  
 
(x) Demand of recovery of alleged amount of Rs.449 Crore (including interest) by ﬁling of nine suits in the year 2002 against GACL has been raised by Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) collected by Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) for supplying cement to SSNNL pursuant to various tenders (1989 to 1995). The Rajpipla Civil Court heard the 
matters, and GACL made an application on the ground of limitation, which was 
rejected by the Court. GACL has preferred Civil Revis ion Application before the 
High Court of Gujarat. In the said Revision Application , High Court has granted 
stay vide order 28.04.2015 on the proceedings of lower Court. The revision application is pending.  
 (d) Demand from Mining Authorities  
 
(i) Demand for differential royalty on Marl Mineral: The State Government of Gujarat has increased the rate of royalty on Marl mineral and demanded arrears 
of royalty as per new rate from the year 2003. Against the said demand, Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, now Ambuja Cements Limited) ﬁled a Special Civil Application. Aggrieved by t h e  s a i d  o r d e r ,  G A C L  p r e f e r r e d  L e t t e r  P a t e n t  
Appeal challenging the order passed in the present Special Civil Application which was disposed. The petition is pending.  
 
(ii) Illegal mining demand in Jaitaran, Rajasthan: Mining Engineer, Sojat issued 
show cause notice dated 12
th March 2013 against the Company wherein it is 
stated that the Company had done unauthorized mining outside of demarcated boundary and extracted 16,18,191 tons of minerals and dispatched illegally. 
Director General of Mines has demanded the Company to pay a sum of Rs.38.85 
Crore as penalty towards the cost of alleged illegal mining. The Company has 
challenged the said demand before Additional District Judg e, Jaitaran and the 
same is pending.  
 
(iii) The Company has challenged the show cause / demand notice issued by Mining Department, Rajasthan under the Mineral Concession Rules, for payment of interest on delayed payment of royalty by the Company, for the period 1997 to 2 0 1 3 ,  b y  ﬁ l i n g  a  w r i t  p e t i t i o n before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan, 
Jodhpur Bench. The total interest amount is Rs.1.66 Crore. The interim stay is 
there in Company’s favour and the petition is pending.  
 
(iv) State of Chhatisgarh issued demand for unauthorized use of water 
accumulated in mining pits by consuming the same for its Cement plant and Captive Power Plant (CPP) by the Company . A demand of Rs.1,18,50,239 was 
raised by Water Resources Construction Division, Kasdol. The Company has 
challenged the demand before Hon’ble High Court and interim stay was granted against the impugned demand notice. The petition ﬁled by Ambuja Cements Limited in Chhattisgarh High Court against the alleged demands is pending.  
133

 
 
 
 
7 
 
(e) Energy Development Cess  
 
(i) The provision of Chhattisgarh Upkar (Sansodhan) Adhiniyam, 2004 has been 
challenged by the Company by which State of Chhattisgarh levied Energy Dev el o pm en t Ce s s  on pr o d u c er  o f  the el ec tr i c i ty @  10  pai s a p er u n i t o n  the electrical energy sold or supplied to  a consumer or consumed by himself or his 
employees by his captive power unit. The Chhattisgarh High Court has decided the matter in favour of the Company and presently matter is sub -judice before 
Hon’ble Supreme Court on the SLP ﬁled by the State of Chha ttisgarh.  
 
(f) Matters relating to Employees Provident Fund  
 
(i) Rajasthan: Regional Provident Fund Commissioner passed an order directing the Company to pay Rs.25.01 Crore towards dues with respect to provident fund contributions under the EPF & MP Act. The Company has ﬁled a writ petition challenging the ﬁnal order before the Rajasthan High Court at Jodhpur. Interim 
s t a y  i s  t h e r e  i n  f a v o u r  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y  a n d  t h e  m a t t e r  i s  p e n d i n g  f o r  adjudication.  
 
(ii) Himachal Pradesh: The Company has challenged the award passed by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (RPFC), Shimla wherein RPFC has held 
t h a t  t h e  C o m p a n y  a n d  t r a n s p o r t  s o c i e t y  w e r e  j o i n t l y  a n d  s e v e r a l l y  l i a b l e  t o  
deposit Rs.8.23 Crore for the period 2 0 0 7  t o  2 0 1 0 ,  o n  t h e  g r o u n d  tr a n s p o r t  
workers engaged in transportation activity of the Company are contract e m p l o y e e s  w . r . t  E P F  A c t .  A n  A p p e a l  ﬁ l e d  a g a i n s t  t h e  o r d e r  o f  R P F C ,  S h i m l a  before the Central Government Industrial Tribunal (CGIT), Chandigarh.  
 
I n  s e p a r a t e  p r o c e e d i n g s  f o r  t h e  p e r i o d  1 9 9 5  t o  2 0 0 7 ,  R P F C  v i d e  i t s  o r d e r  assessed PF contribution of Rs.29 Crore in respect of Transport Worker payable 
by the Company. A Writ Petition was ﬁled by the Company before the Punjab & 
Haryana High Court challenging the order of RPFC, Chandigarh, however, the High Court dismissed this petition on the surmise of alternate remedy being available and directed us to approach the CGIT.  
 
Now both the matters are pending before CGIT, Chandigarh.  
 
(iii) Punjab: The Company’s Ropar Unit had received a notice for non -compliance of 
PF contribution towards workers of Transporters wherein RPFC held that 
Company is the principal employer for transporter’s engaged as contract workmen with the Company and directe d the Company to make a contribution 
as per provision of the EPF Act. Aggrieved by the RPFC’ s Order, the Company  
ﬁled a Writ Petition before the Punjab and Haryana High Court for setting aside 
the said Order. The writ petition is pending before the Hon’ble High Court.  
 
(g) Matters  pertaining to Electricity Regulations  
 
(i) Paschim Gujarat Vish Company Limited (PGVCL): Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (GUVNL) issued a letter to Gujarat Ambuja Cements Limited (“GACL ”, now Ambuja Cements Limited), whereby power bill was revised retrospectively. Aggrieved by this, the Company has ﬁled a Petition before the Gujarat 
134
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
8 
 
Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) at Ahmedabad. GERC decided the 
said matter in favour of the Company. After more than three years, the GUVNL 
has ﬁled a case praying to set aside the order of GERC and conﬁrm the bill raised by GUVNL.  
 
(ii) Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission: An Appeal has been ﬁled by the 
Company under Electricity Act, 2003, against the order passed by Rajasthan 
Electricity Regulatory Commission ("RERC"), Jaipur in Petition wherein increase in cross subsidy surchar ge from Rs.0.18 to Rs.1.48 per unit was allowed.  
 
(iii) The Company has ﬁled a writ petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Rajasthan at Jodhpur (Bench) challenging the retrospective recovery of power factor surcharge on electricity by the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory 
Commissioner, for Company’s plant at Rajasthan. The matter is pending.  
 
(h) Matters related to Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC)  
 
Demand for contribution under the Employee State Insurance  Act was raised by the 
d e p a r t m e n t  f o r  a  p e r i o d  w h e r e i n  t h e  C o m p a n y  d i d  n o t  h a v e  e x e m p t i o n  f o r  
contribution under the Employees State Insurance Act, for its Unit at Rajasthan. A 
total demand of Rs.1.91 crore is raised and the same is challenged via three pet itions 
before Employee State Insurance  Court, Jaipur. The Company has challenged the 
computation of demand as the Company provided better facilities to the workmen even otherwise mentioned in the A ct and also demand raised during the exemption 
period and has also deposited a sum of Rs.1.46 crores before the Employee State Insurance  Court.   
 (i) Civil Recoveries & Arbitration  
 
There are a total of 68 cases pending before Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts 
and Arbitration Tribunals wherein a total stake of INR 119.61 crores out of which 
there is a provision of INR 17.13 crores, contingent liability of INR 6 8.69 crores and 
remote of INR 33.79 crores. The matters include suit for damages, civil disputes with 
railway authorities, civil recoveries by private parties and claims made by distributors 
and other civil cases. This also includes recoveries pertaining to short -lifting of fly 
ash under th e agr eements.  
 
(j) Consumer Disputes  
 
There are 2 8 cases before the Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission against the 
Company involving a stake of approximately Rs. 3.16 Crore. The cases allege that 
Company has supplied bad quality of cement to the consumers and these matters are pending before various District Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions, State 
Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions and National Consumer Disputes 
Redressal Commission. Contingent liability of possible cases is Rs.0.75 Crore and the cases falling where remote possibility involves a stake of Rs. 2.41 Crore.  
   
135

 
 
 
 
9 
 
(k) Other disputes  
 
(i) Land related matters: There are total of 1 57 land related matters pending before 
the Hon. Supreme Court, High Courts, Civil Courts and Adjudicating Authorities 
involving disputes of enhancement of land compensation under the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilita tion and 
Resettlement Act, 2013 and old Act, rehabilitation and resettlement issues, raised by the land losers.  
 
(ii) Matters related to labour disputes: There are 144 labour cases pending before 
various labour courts, industrial tribunals, civil courts, High Courts across the 
country involving disputes of permanent employment, termination from service, 
reinstatement with back wages, contractual workmen issues, regulari zation and 
other industrial disputes.  
 
(iii) Disputes involving temporary, mandatory and prohibitory Injunctions: There are total of 66 cases by and against the Company pending before various civil 
courts across the country which involves seeking of injunction by the Company against dharnas, strikes, demonstrations in and around the land and factory of 
the Company, encroachment on Company’ s land, specific performance for 
execution of sale deeds and injunction by third parties and declaration suits.  
 
(iv) Cheque bouncing matter: There are 28 cases of cheque bouncing filed by the 
Company under Section 138 Negotiable Instruments Act 1881 against various 
dealers/customers which are pending before various civil courts and High Courts across the country.  
 
(v) There are 51 more cases filed by / against the Company, pending before various 
forums / courts, pertaining to Environment, IPR, Motor Accident Claims, Transport Societies related issues in Himachal Pradesh, challenging validity of provisions introduced via amendments / notifications in the enactments, etc.  
 
(vi) There are cases filed by company for recovery of dues from the vendors/ third parties.  
 
   
136
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
10 
 
Annexure B  
 
Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against directors of the Company  as at June 30, 
2025  
i) Ongoing criminal matters against directors of the Company  
 
Additional  Chief  Metropolitan  Magistrate, Mumbai  - Criminal  Case No. 
7761/SS/2019  and Criminal  Case  No. 7763/SS/2019 
 
Two Criminal  complaint s were  ﬁled  by Government  Labour  Ofﬁcer against  the 
Company  and Mr. Ajay  Kapur,  Director under Maharashtra Minimum  Wages  Act and 
Maharashtra Minimum  HR Act, w.r.t non-maintenance  of muster  register,  under  
Minimum  Wages,  and non-payment  of 5% Minimum  House  Rent  at Elegant  Business  
Park,  Ambuja  Cement  - Corporate  Ofﬁce.  The  matter  is pending.  
 
Criminal Case before Chief Judicial Magistrate, Patna  
 
A criminal  complaint  was ﬁled  against  Mr. Ajay  Kapoor  (MD)  before  Chief Judicial  
Magistrate,  Patna  against CEO and other  ofﬁcials of the Company  by M/s. Comfort  
Enterprises, Ex -CFA  agent  alleging illegal  termination of agency,  non-reconciliation  
of accounts and non-payment  of Rs.98.31  lacs dues  with  the intention  of cheating  
him. The Investigation  has been  concluded  and police  has ﬁled  closure  report  in the  
matter .  
 
Criminal Case before Bombay High Court  
 
A criminal complaint U/s 406, 420, 12(B) of IPC was ﬁled by SFIO against Adani 
Enterprise Limited (AEL), its Promoters and other persons for violation of SEBI norms etc. alleging manipulation in share price. Metropolitan Court, Mumbai discharged AEL 
and Mr. Gautam Adani (GSA) & others. SFIO challenged the said order and ﬁled Cri. 
Revision Applications before Sessions Court. Sessions court set aside the order of 
Metro court. AEL and its promoters challenged the order before Bombay High Court. Bombay High C ourt stayed the order of session’s court. The matter is currently 
pending.  This matter does not relate to the Company, however since Mr Gautam S. 
A d a n i ,  a  p r o m o t e r  o f  A E L,  i s  a l s o  a  d i r e c t o r  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y ,  w e  a r e  m a k i n g  t h i s  disclosure.  
 Labour  Court,  Balodabazar,  CC No. 76 of 2024 
 
Deputy  Director Industrial  Health  and Safety,  Bhatapara  has ﬁled  a complaint  under  
Section  105 of Factories Act, 1942  against  Mr, Ajay  Kapur  being  the Occupier and 
CEO and against Mr. Kaushal  Kumar  Mishra  being  the Factory  Manger  for violation  of 
Section  41 C of Factories Act, 1942  and Rule  131A  of Chhattisgarh Factories  Rules,  
1962.  The  matter  is pending.  
 
 
 
 
137

 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
Litigation before Gujarat High Court  
 
Karnavati Aviation Private Limited (KAPL) imported an Aircraft - Hawker for providing 
non-scheduled Air Transport (Passenger) Services & non -scheduled Air Transport 
(Charter) services and cleared at Nil rate of duty under Notiﬁcation No. 21/2002 -Cus 
dated  1.3.2002 amended by Notiﬁcation No.61/2007 -Cus dated 3.5.2007. Show 
Cause Notice (SCN) dated 27.02.2009 was issued alleging that KAPL have not used 
the aircraft for the aforesaid services and the same was used for private purpose in violation of condition of notiﬁcation. Commissioner of Customs, Ahmedabad vide order dated 25.11.2009 conﬁrmed the duty demand along with interest and imposed 
ﬁne and penalty on KAPL, Mr. Gautam S Adani & others. On appeal by KAPL & others, 
CESTAT, Ahmedabad vide Order dated 28.04.2023 allowed the appeal on the ground 
that there is no violation of condition of Notiﬁcation. Department challenged CESTAT Order before Gujarat High Court.  T h i s  m a t t e r  d o e s  n o t  r e l a t e  t o  t h e  C o m p a n y ,  
however since Mr Gautam S. Adani is also a director of the Company, we are making 
this disclosure.  
 
Criminal Matters related to ex -directors  
 
Judicial Magistrate Jaitaran Complaint Case No. 367/2013  
 Labour  Enforcement  Ofﬁcer ﬁled  a complaint  against  the Company  in which  Mr. Onne  
Van Der Weijde  (ex-MD),  was made  as an accused  under  section  23 of the Contract  
Labour  (Regulation  & Abolition)  Act, 1970 before  Judicial  Magistrate  Jaitaran.  It was  
found  during  inspection  of Ras Mines  (Dist.  Pali)  lease  area  that Contract  Labourers  
were  employed  in violation  of notiﬁcation  No 707 dated 17.03.1993  and 4.7.1996  
issued  under  Section  10(1) of C.L. (R&A)  Act,  1970.  The matter  is pending.  
 
ii) Show Cause notices against the directors, while holding position in other group entities   
 Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has issued a Show Cause Notice to Mr. Karan Adani alleging that Mr. Karan Adani (as the then CEO, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited (“APSEZ”)) failed to protect the assets of APSEZ by failing to recall security deposits advanced to PMC Projects (India) Private Limited and 
therefore, alleged to have non -compliant and violated of the code of conduct of 
APSEZ. Mr. Karan Adani has ﬁled the settlement application along with settlement terms with the SEBI. With respect to adjudication process, the reply and written submission are ﬁled with SEBI. The matter is currently pending before SEBI. This 
matter does not relate to the Company.  
 SEBI issued two Show Cause Notices alleging that Mr. Gautam S. Adani being the Chairman and Managing Director of APSEZ and a director of Adani Power Limited (APL), and further being part of the Finance Committee and Management Committee APSEZ and APL, has approved the financial transactions and have engaged in 
financial transactions with different entity so to avoid related party transactions. With respect to adjudication process, the reply and written submissions were filed with SEBI and personal hearings in this regard have been concluded before SEBI. The 
matter is currently pending before SEBI. This matter does not relate to the Company.  
138
Ambuja Cements Limited

 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
S E B I  i s s u ed  a  S h o w  C a u s e  N o t ic e  t o  M r .  G a u t a m  S .  A d a n i ,  a s  a  D i r e c t o r  o f  A d a n i  
Enterprises Ltd. (AEL), APL, APSEZ and Adani Transmission Limited (ATL),  in relation to, 
inter alia,  alleged non-compliance of certain provisions of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956 (SCRA), the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (SCRR), the SEBI Act and regulations thereunder and the erstwhile Equity Listing 
Agreement regarding alleged wrongful categorisation of shareholding of certain 
entities, violation of related disclosure requirements and consequences therefrom. 
AEL, APL, APSEZ and ATL have responded to SEBI for seeking inspection of documents so that response can be submitted to the show cause notice Mr. Gautam S. Adani has filed a settlement application with the SEBI. The matter is currently 
pending before SEBI. This matter does not relate to the Company.  
 
Mr. Vinod  Bahety,  then  Chief Financial  Ofﬁcer of the Company  was served  with  the 
Show  Cause  Notice  No. SEBI/HO/IVD/ID16/VS/VK/P/OW/2023/45429/1 , dated  
November  10, 2023,  in connection with suspected  insider  trading  by certain  entities  
in the scrip  of Adani  Green  Energy  Limited.  Pursuant  to his request  for inspection of 
documents  dated  December 27, 2023,  SEBI  granted  access to the relevant  records on 
January  18, 2024.  Mr. Bahety submitted his reply  to the Show  Cause  Notice  on May 
02, 2024,  and was subsequently  granted  a personal  hearing,  which  was conducted 
on February  11, 2025.  Post -hearing  written  submissions were  ﬁled  by Mr. Bahety  on 
March  11, 2025.  In parallel,  Mr. Bahety ﬁled  a Settlement Application  bearing  
Registration  No. 7620  of 2024 under  the SEBI  Settlement Regulations.  Mr. Bahety  
vide letter  of his legal  representatives  dated  June  23, 2025  addressed to SEBI  has 
expressed  his intention  to withdraw  the settlement application.  He is currently  
awaiting  communication  from  SEBI.  
  
  
139

 
 
 
 
13 
 
Annexure C  
 
Details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated, and all 
other enforcement action taken, if any, against promoters of the Company  as at June 30, 
2025  
There are no ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated or other 
enforcement action taken against the promoters of the Company.  
 
 
______  
140
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 15
1 
 Details in respect of the particulars mentioned / stipulated in: (a) clause m) of the no-
objection letter, dated April 30, 2025, received from NSE; and (b) clause M of the no adverse observation letter, dated April 29, 2025, received from BSE in the matter of Scheme of Arrangement between Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company) 
and Ambuja Cements Limited (Transferee Company) and their respective Shareholders : 
 
1. NSE: Clause m) i. / BSE: Clause M) .i .  
 
Reasons for cash consideration of Rs. 321.50 per share to the shareholders of PCIL 
instead of Rs. 309.20 or Rs. 315.20 per share as derived in the valuation reports given by 
GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited and BDO Valuation Advisors LLP, respectively and 
its impact on shareholder's wealth. 
 
Response: 
 
The Transferee Company has obtained the Valuation Report from GT Valuation Advisors 
Private Limited who have worked out the value per equity share of the Transferor Company at Rs. 309.20/-. The Transferor Company has obtained the Valuation Report from BDO Valuation Advisory LLP who have worked out the value per equity share of the Transferor Company at Rs. 315.20/-. However, the Audit Committees and the Board of Directors of both the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company have approved the cash consideration of Rs. 321.50/- per share to be paid to the eligible shareholders of the Transferor Company (except shares held by Transferee Company in Transferor Company) in order to align the share price paid by the Transferee Company at the time of acquisition of 
the Transferor Company on 16
th August 2024.   
 
Impact on the Shareholder’s Wealth:   
 For Transferee Company’s shareholders, the Scheme will result in economies of scale, improved proﬁtability, and enhanced overall shareholders’ value.   For Tranferor Company’s shareholders (excluding Transferee Company), the Scheme provides cash consideration for their equity shares as of the record date.  
 
2. NSE: Clause m) ii. / BSE: Clause M) .ii.  
 
Need, Rationale and Synergies of business of the scheme along with its impact on the 
shareholders. 
 
Need for Merger:   The Audit Committee noted that the Transferee Company is among the leading cement companies in India, renowned for its hassle-free, home-building solutions with its unique sustainable development projects and environment-friendly practices since it started its 
operations. 
   
141

2 
 The Transferor Company is engaged in the business of cement manufacturing and 
marketing various grades of cement. The Transferor Company operates four integrated units in the States of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, along with a grinding unit in the State of Maharashtra. 
 
The amalgamation will consolidate the business of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, which will result in focused growth, enhancement of manufacturing capacities, operational efficiencies and business synergies.  Rationale of the Scheme:   
1. The Transferee Company with effect from August 16, 2024 has become the promoter of the Transferor Company. As both the companies are under the same line of business, the amalgamation will enable the Transferee Company to absorb 
the business of the Transferor Company completely for carrying on more effectively 
and beneficially.  
2. The Scheme will enable the Transferee Company to integrate the Transferor Company's operations, leading to more efficient and economical business management. This includes better resource utilization, reduced overheads, cost savings, economies of scale, elimination of duplicated efforts, and streamlined compliance requirements through amalgamation.  
3. The amalgamation will enhance business potential of the Transferor Company, add 
value to both the companies, and ultimately increase the shareholders' value. 
 
4. The amalgamation will lead to reduction and rationalisation of multiple entities in the group. 
 Synergies of the business of the entities involved in the scheme:   
- The proposed Scheme will enable Ambuja to absorb the business of PCIL and enhance its manufacturing capacity to carry out the manufacturing operations more effectively and seamlessly. 
 
- Optimized utilization of the combined resources of both companies will lead to 
reduced overhead costs, better resource utilization, reduced overheads, cost savings, economies of scale, elimination of duplicated efforts, and streamlined compliance requirements.  
- The amalgamation will result in greater value addition for both companies, ultimately increasing shareholder value. 
  
 
    
142
Ambuja Cements Limited

3 
 Impact on the Shareholders:  
 
For Transferor Company’s shareholders, the Scheme will result in economies of scale, improved proﬁtability, and enhanced overall shareholders’ value.  
 Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares of the Transferor Company held by the Transferee Company (either directly or through nominees) on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled without any further application, act or deed.  Further, the investment in the equity shares of the Transferor Company, appearing in the books of accounts of the Transferee Company, shall, without any further act or deed, stand cancelled. It is clarified that no new shares shall be issued, nor payment shall be made in cash whatsoever by the Transferee Company in lieu of cancellation of such equity shares of the Transferor Company. 
 
For the shareholders of the Transferor Company (except the Transferee Company), the Scheme provides for payment of cash consideration against the equity shares held by them as on record date. Further, being the majority shareholder of the Transferor Company, the Scheme offers opportunity to the Transferee Company to consolidate its group structure and achieve synergies.  
3. NSE: Clause m) iii. / BSE: Clause M) .iii.  
 
Write-up on the History of Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company):  
 Introduction:   The Transferor Company was incorporated on October 24, 1991, as Penna Cement Industries Limited, a public limited company, with the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Its name was changed to: (a) Penna Cement Industriies Limited on September 28, 2010; and (b) Penna Cement Industries Limited on July 26, 2012.  The Corporate Identification Number of the Transferor Company is 
U26942GJ1991PLC168781 . The registered office of the Transferor Company is presently 
situated at Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, 
Khodiyar,  Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India.  
Business:  
 The Transferor Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling of cement and cement related products.  The Transferor Company is having its existence since more than 3 decades. The Transferor 
Company has subsidiary named Pioneer Cement Industries Limited and a Step-down 
subsidiary named Marwar Cement Limited. The consolidated capacity of the Transferor Company is 7.3 MTPA Clinker and 10.0 MTPA cement capacity at its plants located at Talariceruvu, Boyareddypalli and Krishnapatnam in the State of Andhra Pradesh, Ganeshpahad and Tandur in the State of Telangana and Patas in the State of Maharashtra.
 
143

4 
 It has 5 Bulk Cement Terminals (BCTs) of 0.5 MTPA capacity each at Gopalpur, Kolkata, 
Karaikal, Cochin and Colombo which significantly adds marine logistics on eastern coast 
of India with gateway to Sri Lanka market. 
 
Share Capital: 
 
The authorized, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company, as on September 30, 2025, was as under:  
 
Share Capital  Amount (in Rs.)  
Authorised share capital  
20,00,00,000 equity shares ofRs.10/ - each  200,00,00,000  
Total  200,00,00,000  
Issued, subscribed and paid -up capital  
13,38,00,000 equity shares ofRs.10/ - each fully paid -up 133,80,00,000  
Total  133,80,00,000  
 Erstwhile Promoters of the Transferor Company before acquisition:  
 
- Mr. P. Prathap Reddy 
- P R Cement Holding Limited  
- Pioneer Builders – A partnership Firm 
 Erstwhile Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Transferor Company before acquisition:  
Sr. 
No. Name Designation DIN / PAN 
1. Mr. P. Prathap Reddy  Chairman & Managing Director  00093176  
2. Mr. D. Lakshmi Kantham  Whole -time Director  00822385  
3.  Mr. P. Venugopal Reddy  Director  & Chief Financial Ofﬁcer  00094146  
4. Mrs. P. Deepthi Reddy  Non-Executive Director  00264481  
5. Mr. Anil Kumar Kutty  Independent Director  00055634  
6. Mr. Sairam Mocherla  Independent Director  01430951  
7. Mr. Ravindranath Kancherla  Independent Director  00117940  
8. Mrs. Umanath Varahabhotla  Independent Director  06539204  
9. Mr. Raj Kumar Singh  Company Secretary  AODPS4886F  
 Change in Management / Acquisition:  
The Transferee Company, on August 16, 2024, acquired 99.92% of the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Transferor Company from the erstwhile promoters / promoter affiliates of the Transferor Company. As on date, the Transferee Company holds 99.94% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Transferor Company. The Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company.  Details of Promoter of the Transferor Company as on 30
th September 2025: 
 Ambuja Cements Limited  
144
Ambuja Cements Limited

5 
  
Details of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Transferor Company as on 30th 
September 2025:   
Sr. 
No. Name Designation DIN / PAN 
1. Mr. Sanjay Kumar Behl  Whole Time Director  07003899  
2. Mr. Sukuru Ramarao  Director  08846591  
3.  Ms. Kajal Saxena  Director  10744634  
4. Mr. Chetan Patel  Independent Director  00446745  
5. Ms. Archana Dholakia  Independent Director  07935065  
6. Mr. Nitesh Maheshwari  Chief Financial Ofﬁcer  DBNPM9896M  
7. Ms. Aditi Khandelwal  Company Secretary  EKDPK0426F  
 
4. NSE: Clause m) iv. / BSE: Clause M) .iv.  
 
Details of assets, liabilities, net worth, revenue of the companies involved in the scheme, 
for both pre and post scheme of arrangement. Details of Promoters / Directors of the 
Company:  
 
Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company) (as on June 30, 2025) 
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  Pre Amalgamation  Post -Amalgamation  
Assets  3,816.96  - 
Liabilities  849.20  - 
Net-worth  2,967.75  - 
Revenue  716.11   
 Ambuja Cements Limited (Transferee Company) (as on June 30, 2025) 
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  Pre Amalgamation  Post -Amalgamation  
Assets  60,785.93  62,144.71  
Liabilities  11,818.77  13,459.16  
Net-worth  48,967.16  48,685.55  
Revenue  5,514.7 0 5,998.96  
 
Details of Promoter:   Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company)  
- Ambuja Cements Limited 
 Ambuja Cements Limited (Transferee Company):   
- Holderind Investments Ltd - Promoter  
- Endeavour Trade and Investment Limited - Promoter  
- Harmonia Trade and Investment Limited - Promoter Group  
- Adani Enterprises Limited – Promoter Group  
 
145

6 
  
Details of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company):  
 
 Sr. 
No. Name Designation DIN PAN 
1. Mr. Sanjay Kumar Behl  Whole Time Director  07003899  AADPB1738M  
2. Mr. Sukuru Ramarao  Director  08846591  AFNPS7285M  
3.  Ms. Kajal Saxena  Director  10744634  BEEPS5301B  
4. Mr. Chetan Patel  Independent Director  00446745  AFZPP3972Q  
5. Ms. Archana Dholakia  Independent Director  07935065  ABZPD1605L  
 Details of Directors of Ambuja Cements Limited (Transferee Company):   
Sr. 
No. Name Designation DIN PAN 
1. Mr. Gautam S. Adani Non-Executive - Non 
Independent Director, 
Chairman  00006273 ABKPA0965H 
2. Mr. Karan Adani Non-Executive - Non 
Independent Director  03088095 AIQPA6627F 
3.  Mr. Ajay Kapur  Managing Director  03096416  ADYPK9189P  
4. Mr. Vinod Bahety Wholetime Director 
and Chief Executive 
Ofﬁcer  09192400 AGBPB4230A 
5. Mr. Maheswar Sahu  Independent Director  00034051  ADKPS6835Q  
6. Mr. Rajnish Kumar  Independent Director  05328267  AIJPK9858M  
7. Mr.  Ameet Desai  Independent Director  00007116  ADKPD8381N  
8. Mrs. Purvi Sheth  Independent Director  06449636  AALPS8544C  
9. *Mr. Mangalam R Kumar Non-Executive - 
Nominee Director  03628755 AAAPK7351G 
10. Mr. Pravin Garg  Independent Director  00208604  ADCPG 8341H  
* Ceased w.e.f. 15th September 2025 
 
5. NSE: Clause m) v. / BSE: Clause M) .v.  
 
Latest net worth certificate along with statement of assets and liabilities of all the 
companies involved in the scheme of arrangement for both pre and post scheme of 
arrangement:  
 
The latest net-worth certificate along with the statement of assets and liabilities of the Transferor and the Transferee Company as on June 30, 2025 are attached as Annexure A . 
 
6. NSE: Clause m) vi. / BSE: Clause M) .vi.  
 
Comparison of revenue and net worth of amalgamating company with the total revenue 
and net worth of the amalgamated company for last three financial years. 
 
146
Ambuja Cements Limited

7 The details of Revenue and Net worth of the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company are as under:  
Revenue from Operations (Standalone) 
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  FY 2024 -25 FY 2023 -24 FY 202 2-23 
Penna Cement Industries Limited  1,456.44  1,219.24  1,952.48  
Ambuja Cements Limited  19,453.58  17,919.34  19,985.43  
Revenue from Operations (Consolidated)  
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  FY 2024 -25 FY 2023 -24 FY 2022 -23 
Penna Cement Industries Limited  1,488.96  1,241.70  2,001.59  
Ambuja Cements Limited  35,044.76  33,159.64  38,937.03  
Net-worth (Standalone) 
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  FY 2024 -25 FY 2023 -24 FY 2022 -23 
Penna Cement Industries Limited  2,899.09  468.43  1,003.06  
Ambuja Cements Limited  48,605.65  37,006.50  28,505.54  
Net-worth (Consolidated) 
(Rs. in Crore) 
Particulars  FY 2024 -25 FY 2023 -24 FY 2022 -23 
Penna Cement Industries Limited  4019.07  520.85  1,045.47  
Ambuja Cements Limited  63,811.42  50,842.52  38,756.55  
7. NSE: Clause m) vii. / BSE: Clause M) .vii. 
The Company shall ensure that all the applicable additional information shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock 
Exchange as per Annexure M of Exchange checklist. 
The details submitted as Annexure M  by the Transferee Company to the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited is attached as Annexure B.  
***** 
147

Annexure A
148
Ambuja Cements Limited

149

150
Ambuja Cements Limited

151

152
Ambuja Cements Limited

153

154
Ambuja Cements Limited

155

Annexure B
Annexure M
156
Ambuja Cements Limited

157

158
Ambuja Cements Limited

159

160
Ambuja Cements Limited

161

162
Ambuja Cements Limited

163

164
Ambuja Cements Limited

165

166
Ambuja Cements Limited

167

168
Ambuja Cements Limited

169

170
Ambuja Cements Limited

Cement 
DETAILS OF CAPITAL EVOLUTION 
Penna Cement Industries Limited (Transferor Company) 
Date of No. of Issue Type of Issue Cumulative Whether 
Issue shares Price (I PO/FPO/ capital listed, if not 
issued (Rs.) Preferential {No of shares) listed, give 
Issue/ Scheme/ 
Bonus/ Rights, 
etc.) 
24.10.1991 70 10 Initial 
Subscription to 
MOA 
27.05.1992 47,400 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
06.06 .1992 2,76,670 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
01.01.1994 23,85,000 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
05.12.1994 22,43,400 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
06.02.1995 19,69,400 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
30.06 .1995 4, 17,000 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
29.03.1996 59,41,060 10 Preferential 
Allotment 
28.12.1996 1,00,000 10 Bonus Issue 
FOR, PENNA CEMENT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
BHAVIK PARIKH 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Registered Office 
Penna Cement Industries Ltd. 
8-3-975. Plot No 128.
Srinagar Colony,
Hyderabad- 500073
Telangana. India
CIN: U26942TG1991PLC013359 Corporate Office 
Adani Corporate House 
Shantigram. S. G. Highway 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad -382421 
Gujarat, India 
Ph +91 79-2656 5555 reasons 
thereof 
70 --
47,470 --
3,24, 140 --
27,09,140 --
49,52,540 --
69,21,940 --
73,38,940 --
1,32,80,000 --
1,33,80,000 --
HEMANGI Digitally signed by 
HEMANGI VY AN KATES VYANKATESH 
H MULAOKAR 
Date: 2025.01.01 MULAOKAR 1s:s9:4o +os•30• 
171

172
Ambuja Cements Limited

173

174
Ambuja Cements Limited

175

176
Ambuja Cements Limited

177

Annexure M1
178
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure M2
179

180
Ambuja Cements Limited

181

Annexure M4
182
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 16
183

184
Ambuja Cements Limited

185

186
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 17
187

188
Ambuja Cements Limited

189

190
Ambuja Cements Limited

Annexure 18
191

192
Ambuja Cements Limited

193

Annexure 19
194
Ambuja Cements Limited

195

196
Ambuja Cements Limited

197

198
Ambuja Cements Limited

199

200
Ambuja Cements Limited

201

Penna Cement Industries Limited
 in Crore  in Crore
A.   ASSETS
1) Non-current assets
a) Property, plant and equipment 2,000.94                      2,010.95                       
b) Right of use assets 194.79                           229.55                          
c) Capital work-in-progress 1,703.73                        1,366.05                       
d) Other Intangible assets 0.92                              0.83                              
e) Financial assets
       (i) Investments 2.30                               2.30                               
       (ii) Other financial assets 141.77                            61.90                            
f) Deferred Tax asset 5.24                               4.37                               
g) Other non-current assets 61.70                             179.31                            
Total Non-current assets 4,111.39                       3,855.26                     
2) Current assets
a) Inventories 664.02                         323.53                           
b) Financial assets
       (i) Trade receivables 138.88                          219.28                           
       (ii) Cash and cash equivalents 13.43                             143.76                           
       (iii) Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 1.59                               64.29                            
       (iv) Other financial assets 80.95                            85.26                            
c) Other current assets 392.26                          364.62                          
D) current tax assets 6.15                               2.92                               
Total current assets 1,297.28                      1,203.66                     
3) Non-current assets classified as held for sale -                                -                                
1,297.28                      1,203.66                     
TOTAL - ASSETS 5,408.67                     5,058.92                     Consolidated Balance Sheet as at September 30, 2025
Particulars As at
 September 30, 2025  As at 
March 31, 2025 
202
Ambuja Cements Limited

Penna Cement Industries Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at September 30, 2025
 in Crore  in Crore
B.    EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
a) Equity share capital 133.80                          133.80                          
b) Other equity 4,118.21                        3,885.27                       
Total Equity 4,252.01                      4,019.07                     
Liabilities
1) Non-current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
(i) Lease liabilities 102.61                           77.75                              
(ii) Other financial liabilities 14.13                             21.43                             
b) Provisions 4.53                           7.79                           
Total - Non-current liabilities 121.27                          106.97                         
2) Current liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
(i) Lease liabilities 24.86                            64.26                            
(ii) Trade payables 
  Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 14.46                            33.33                             
  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
  micro and small enterprises814.95                          418.16                           
(iii) Other financial liabilities 125.07                           288.79                          
b) Other current liabilities 51.82                             127.42                           
c) Provisions 4.23                           0.92                           
d) Current tax liabilities (Net) -                                -                                
Total - current liabilities 1,035.39                      932.88                        
Total - Liabilities 1,156.66                      1,039.85                     
TOTAL -  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 5,408.67                     5,058.92                     
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
 As per our report of even date attached
For T Mohan & Associates Sukuru Ramarao Kajal Saxena
Chartered Accountants Additional Director Additional Director
ICAI Firm Registration No: 012482S DIN: 08846591 DIN:10744634
Mohan Reddy T
Partner
Membership No. 239635
Hyderabad Ahmedabad
Date : October 29, 2025 Date : October 29, 2025For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Penna Cement Industries Limited,Particulars As at
 September 30, 2025  As at 
March 31, 2025 
203

Penna Cement Industries Limited
For the period ended 
September 30, 2025For the Year ended 
March 31, 2025
 in Crore  in Crore
1 INCOME 
a) Revenue from operations 1,257.94                         1,488.96                        
b) Other income 5.53                                 27.92                              
Total Income (a+b) 1,263.47                       1,516.88                       
2  EXPENSES
a) Cost of materials consumed 331.00                            427.14                            
b) Purchases of stock-in-trade -                                  25.40                              
c) Changes in inventories of finished goods and
    work-in-progress (45.08)                            (79.39)                             
d) Employee benefits expense 40.56                             115.49                             
e) Finance costs 9.85                                349.66                           
f) Depreciation and amortisation expense (net) 111.43                             190.25                            
g) Power and fuel 563.06                           777.98                            
h) Freight and forwarding expense 70.81                              322.08                            
i) Other expenses 177.81                             452.60                           
1,259.44                         2,581.22                         
j) Captive consumption of cement -                                  (0.03)                               
TOTAL EXPENSES 1,259.44                       2,581.18                       
3 4 . 0 3                              (1,064.30)                     
4   Exceptional items- Income -                                  126.14                             
5   Profit before tax (5-6) 4.03                              (1,190.44)                     
6   Tax expense 
a) Current tax, net -                                  -                                  
b) Tax relating to earlier years (net) (0.21)                               (2.86)                               
c) Deferred tax charge (0.91)                               (19.75)                             
d) MAT credit 33.53                              
Total tax expenses (1.12)                              10.92                            
7    Profit after tax (7-8) 5.15                               (1,201.36)                      
8 Other comprehensive (loss)/income (OCI)
1.50                                 2.31                                 
(0.04)                              -                                  
-                                  -                                  
(ii) Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss in
subsequent period:
(0.26)                               (3.21)                                
1.20                              (0.90)                            
9  6.35                              (1,200.46)                     
10
0.39                                (89.79)                            
0.39                                (89.79)                            
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
 As per our report of even date attached
For T Mohan & Associates Sukuru Ramarao Kajal Saxena
Chartered Accountants Additional Director Additional Director
ICAI Firm Registration No: 012482S DIN: 08846591 DIN:10744634
Mohan Reddy T
Partner
Membership No. 239635
Hyderabad Ahmedabad
Date : October 29, 2025 Date : October 29, 2025For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited,(b) Share of Re-measurement (loss) on defined benefit plans of       associates and joint ventures (net of tax)ParticularsConsolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the period ended September 30, 2025
Profit before  exceptional items and tax (1-2)
(ii) Income tax effect on (a) above(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss in subsequent period:
(a) Re-measurement (loss)/gain on defined benefit plans
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, (net of tax)
Earnings per equity share attributable to equity shareholders of the Holding 
Company of 
10 each:Total comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) (9+10)
(a) Basic     
(b) Diluted  a) Exchnage adjustments on translation of foreign operations
204
Ambuja Cements Limited

For the period ended 
September 30, 2025For the Year ended 
March 31, 2025
 in Crore  in Crore
A. Cash flows from operating activities
4.03                               (1,190.44)                       
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortisation expense (net) 111.43                            190.25                           
(0.01)                              6.61                               
Gain on sale of current financial assets measured at FVTPL (1.80)                              -                                 
Exceptional items -                                 126.14                           
(3.20)                              (19.26)                            
Finance costs 9.85                               349.66                          
Expected credit losses on trade receivables (net) (0.05)                             -                                 
Provision for slow and non moving stores & spares (net) (0.56)                             -                                 
-                                 (4.44)                             
Provision for Doubtful debts -                                 10.62                             
Difference of Exchange translation 0.26                               (0.74)                              
Unrealised exchange (gain) / loss (net) 5.68                               (0.51)                              
Operating profit before working capital changes 125.63                         (532.11)                        
Changes in working capital:
Adjustments for  decrease / (increase) in operating assets:
Inventories (339.93)                         (7.12)                               
Trade receivable 80.45                            (176.35)                          
Other financial assets (0.18)                              (42.63)                           
Other assets 53.33                             (175.66)                          
Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:
Trade payables 131.26                            15.19                              
Provision 1.55                                (16.20)                            
Other financial liabilities 50.18                             203.90                          
Other liabilities (75.60)                            (3.16)                              
Cash generated from operations 26.69                          (734.14)                        
Income taxes paid (NET of refunds) (2.98)                              (17.08)                            
Net cash flows generated / (used) from operating activities * 23.71                            (751.22)                        
B. Cash flows from investing activities
(352.77)                          (1,232.26)                       
0.01                               179.70                           
Impairment of Goodwill -                                 126.14                           
Proceeds on sale of units of Mutual Funds (net) 1.80                               
(2.48)                              (32.68)                           
Income from Mutual Fund -                                 4.44                               
Interest received  3.47                               10.19                              
Net cash flows (used in) investing activities (349.97)                       (944.47)                       
C. Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of Borrowings -                                 (2,474.22)                       
Proceeds From issue of Optionally convertible debentures 226.00                          4,700.00                       
Finance Cost paid (9.85)                              (349.66)                         
(20.22)                            (4.38)                              
-                                 (41.79)                            
Net cash flows Generated financing activities 195.93                         1,829.95                      
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents (130.33)                        134.27                         
Add: Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 143.76                           9.49                               
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 13.43                           143.76                         
 As per our report of even date attached
For T Mohan & Associates Sukuru Ramarao Kajal Saxena
Chartered Accountants Additional Director Additional Director
ICAI Firm Registration No: 012482S DIN: 08846591 DIN:10744634
Mohan Reddy T
Partner
Membership No. 239635
Hyderabad Ahmedabad
Date : October 29, 2025 Date : October 29, 2025Investment in bank and margin money deposits  (having original maturity for more than 3 months)Proceeds from sale of Property, plant and equipment and other intangible assetsPenna Cement Industries Limited
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended September 30, 2025
Profit before tax
(Profit) on sale /loss on write off of Property, plant and equipment 
Interest income
Income from Mutual Fund
Payment made on purchase of Property, plant and equipment and other Intangible assets
(Including capital work-in-progress, capital advances and capital creditors)Particulars
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilitiesDeposits given as Margin Money for Bank Guarantees
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Penna Cement Industries Limited,
205

Annexure 20
206
Ambuja Cements Limited

207

208
Ambuja Cements Limited

209

210
Ambuja Cements Limited

211

212
Ambuja Cements Limited

213

214
Ambuja Cements Limited

215

216
Ambuja Cements Limited

217

218
Ambuja Cements Limited

219

220
Ambuja Cements Limited

221

222
Ambuja Cements Limited

223

224
Ambuja Cements Limited

225

226
Ambuja Cements Limited

227

228
Ambuja Cements Limited

229

230
Ambuja Cements Limited

231

232
Ambuja Cements Limited

233

234
Ambuja Cements Limited

235

236
Ambuja Cements Limited

237

238
Ambuja Cements Limited

239

Annexure 21
240
Ambuja Cements Limited

241

242
Ambuja Cements Limited

243

244
Ambuja Cements Limited

245

246
Ambuja Cements Limited

247

248
Ambuja Cements Limited

249

250
Ambuja Cements Limited

251

252
Ambuja Cements Limited

253
