ARL/CS/13586 
The Secretary, 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, ·-
Plot No. C/1, G-Block, Bandra -Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip code: ANANTRAJ The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001 
Scrip code: 515055 ANANT RAJ LIMITED 
July 21, 2026 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations'1-Press 
Release/ Media Release 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith a 
copy of the press release issued by the Company titled "Anant Raj Boar,d Approves 
Strategic Demerger to Create Two Focused Independent Listed Companies", 
the content of which is self-explanatory. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Anant Raj Limited 
Neeraj Kumar 
Company Secretary 
A55302 
Encl: as above 
ANANT RAJ LIMITED 
{CIN: L45400HR1985PLC021622) 
li-Oead Office: H-65, Connaught Circus, New Delhi -110 001 Regd. Office: CP-1, Sector-8, IMT Manesar, Haryana-122051 
Website: www.anantrajlimited.com Email: info@anantrajlimited .com Contact:: Oll-43034400, 43559100 
  
 Anant Raj Limited  
Press Release  
 
Anant Raj Board Approves Strategic Demerger to Create Two Focused Independent 
Listed Companies 
 
• Anant Raj Limited , focused on real estate and infrastructure development  
• Ashok Cloud Private Limited , dedicated to next -generation data centre and cloud services  including AI 
workload.  
• The restructuring will  enable each business to pursue focused growth strategies  and will unlock 
shareholder value.    
 
New Delhi, July 21, 2026:  Anant Raj Limited (ARL), one of India's leading real estate and infrastructure 
developers, today announced a landmark proposal for strategic restructuring with the approval of a Composite 
Scheme of Arrangement by its Board of Directors. The Composite  Scheme to be approved by Hon’ble NCLT 
under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, will create two focused listed companies by separating the Group's rapidly growing Data Centre & Cloud Services business from its core real estate and infrastructure business. 
The approved Composite Scheme marks a significant strategic restructuring for the Group. Under the proposed 
arrangement, Anant Raj will first consolidate all its data centre and cloud operations under one entity before carving them out into Ashok Cloud Pvt Limited, a dedicated digital infrastructure and cloud services company 
that will be listed independently. The restructuring is aimed at creating  two focused businesses one in real estate 
and infrastructure and the other in digital infrastructure allowing each to pursue independent growth strategies, improve operational efficiency and create long- term value for shareholders  
 
Two Independently Focused Listed Companies  
Upon completion of the Scheme, the Group will comprise two independently listed businesses, each with a 
distinct strategic focus.  
Anant Raj Limited  
Anant Raj Limited will continue to focus on its core businesses of real estate and infrastructure development, with a diversified portfolio spanning residential townships, luxury housing, commercial developments and 
hospitality projects. The Company will c ontinue to strengthen its leadership position in India's real estate sector 
through focused execution and long- term expansion. 
 
 

  
 Anant Raj Limited  
Press Release  
 
Ashok Cloud Pvt Limited  
Ashok Cloud Pvt Limited will emerge as a dedicated digital infrastructure and cloud services company, providing 
advanced data centres, co -location services, sovereign public cloud offerings, Artificial Intelligence (AI) ready 
cloud infrastructure, DC & DR services including cloud migration, data backup solutions and other allied 
services. As an independent listed entity, the Company will be well positioned to capitalize on the rapidly growing demand for digital infrastructure and cloud services in India. 
 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Amit Sarin, Managing Director, Anant Raj Ltd , said:  
"Our real estate, infrastructure business and Data Centre & Cloud Services Business have evolved into two distinct platforms, each with its own growth trajectory, operational priorities, and capital needs. As both businesses enter their next phase of expansion, the proposed composite scheme is designed to provide greater 
strategic focus, management autonomy, and flexibility to pursue long- term value creation.  
By bringing together the data centre and cloud services operations currently housed across Anant Raj Ltd and 
Anant Raj Cloud Pvt Ltd under one roof, we are creating a more focused and scalable platform that will be well -
positioned to attract investments, pursue strategic partnerships, and capitalize on emerging opportunities in the 
digital infrastructure sector. The proposed demerger is also expected to facilitate independent market recognition of the Data Centre Business while enabling eligible Anant Raj L td shareholders to participate directly in its future 
growth and value creation. 
Following the restructuring, Anant Raj Ltd will continue to strengthen its focus  in real estate and infrastructure, 
while Ashok Cloud will focus on building a robust data centre and cloud services (including AI ready cloud infra) 
business. We believe this sharpened strategic alignment will enhance operational agility, unlock new 
opportunities across both businesses, and deliver sustainable long- term value for shareholders and all 
stakeholders."  
 
Strategic Rationale Behind the Demerger  
The proposed restructuring reflects the evolution of Anant Raj into two distinct businesses with different growth drivers, capital requirements and operating models. The demerger will enable each business to pursue focused growth strategies while allowing investors to independently evaluate and value the real estate and digital infrastructure businesses.  
The transaction is expected to deliver multiple strategic benefits, including:  
• Creation of Two Focused Businesses: Dedicated management teams, independent strategic direction and sharper operational focus for both business verticals. 
• Unlocking Shareholder Value: Independent market recognition and valuation of the Data Centre & Cloud Services business as a pure- play digital infrastructure company.  
• Direct Shareholder Participation: Eligible Anant Raj shareholders will directly participate in the long -term 
growth and value creation of the standalone digital infrastructure business. 
  
 Anant Raj Limited  
Press Release  
• Simplified Corporate Structure: Consolidation of all data centre and cloud operations under a single entity, 
resulting in streamlined governance, enhanced transparency and faster decision -making. Greater 
flexibility for the cloud business to attract sector -focused investors, strategic partnerships, acquisitions 
and growth capital. 
• Dedicated Management Focus: Independent leadership teams enabling both businesses to execute growth strategies aligned with their respective market opportunities.  
 
Shareholders to Benefit from Direct Participation  
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, eligible shareholders of Anant Raj Limited will receive one fully paid- up 
equity share of face value of ₹2 each in Ashok Cloud Private Limited for every one fully paid- up equity share of 
face value of ₹2 each held in Ana nt Raj Limited.  
The Scheme will not result in the cancellation of Anant Raj Limited's existing shareholding in Ashok Cloud 
Private Limited, and ACPL will continue to remain a subsidiary of Anant Raj Limited.  
The proposed Scheme is subject to receipt of all necessary statutory, regulatory and judicial approvals, including 
approvals from the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), SEBI, the stock exchanges, shareholders, creditors 
and other applicable authorities, as required.  
 
About Anant Raj Limited: 
Anant Raj Limited is a leading real estate developer with its presence in the State of Delhi, Haryana, Andhra 
Pradesh, Rajasthan and NCR is known for its diversified business portfolio.  With decades of experience, the 
company has developed landmark projec ts across residential, commercial, hospitality, industrial asset classes and 
IT parks. In addition to its real estate ventures, Anant Raj has expanded into high- tech infrastructure, including 
the development of cutting- edge data center facilities, position ing itself at the forefront of India’s evolving digital 
and urban landscape.  
About Anant Raj Cloud Private Limited:  
Anant Raj Cloud Private Ltd is inter alia engaged in the business of data center development and cloud services, 
including operating advanced data centers and providing colocation, managed hosting, disaster recovery and software publishing / consulting.  
About Ashok Cloud Private Limited:  
Ashok Cloud Private Ltd is inter alia engaged in the business of providing data centre and Co- Location 
services, sovereign public cloud services and AI ready Cloud Infrastructure, DC & DR services, including cloud 
migration, data backup solutions and other allied activities.  
Safe Harbor  
Any forward-looking statements about expected future events, financial and operating results of the Company are based on certain assumpti ons 
which the Company does not guarantee the fulfilment of. Past performance also should not be simply extrapolated int o the future. These statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ substantially or materially from those expressed or impli ed. Important developments 
that could affect the Company’s operations include a downtrend in the industry, global or domestic or both, significant changes in political and 
economic environment in India or key markets abroad, tax laws, litigation, labour relations, exchange rate fluctuations,  technological changes, 
investment and business income, cash flo w projections,  interest, and other costs.  The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-
looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.  