Tel : 044 - 28290956 I 3896 / 6681 
Telef ax : 044 - 2829 0956 
Email : investor.relations@apo llohospitals.com 
Website : www .apollohospitals.com General Office : 
"Ali Towers" Ill Floor, 
#55, Greams Road, 
Chennai - 600 006. Regd. Office : 
19, Bishop Gardens, 
Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai - 600 028. IS/ISO 9001 : 2000 Kindly take the same on record. The above information is also being made available on the Company's website. The enclosed informat ion is being provided to facilitate a better understanding of the Scheme and 
its underlying governance fram ework. • The proposed gove rnance framework of Apollo Healthtech Limited, including the Board 
comp osition and nomination rights; 
• The proposed appointment of Ms. Shobana Kamineni as Executive Chairperson of Apollo 
Healthtech Limited, subject to applicable approvals; and 
. • The ration ale and key features of the Upside Agreeme nt. The enclosed document provides furth er clarifications regarding the following matt ers, in relation to 
the Scheme: Pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herew ith a 
note containing additional information in relation to the proposed Scheme. As disclosed in the 
intimation dated May 21, 2026, the Compa ny issued the notices for convening meeti ngs of its 
shareholders and credit ors for seeking their approval of the Scheme ("Notice"). Ref: Additional Information in relation to the Scheme. Sub: Proposed composite scheme of arrangem ent amongst Apollo Hospitals Enterprise 
Limited ("Company"), Apollo Healthco Limited ("Tran sferor Company 1"), Keimed Private 
Limited ("Transf eror Company 2") and Apollo Healthtech Limited ("Resultant Company ") 
and their respect ive shareholders and creditors ("Scheme "), unde r Sections 230 to 232, 
and other appl icable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules mad e 
thereunder. Dear Sir/ Ma'am, The Secretary , 
National Stoc k Exchange, 
Exchang e Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, 'G' Block 
Band ra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumba i - 400 051. 
Scrip Code - APOLLOHOSP 
ISIN INE437A01024 The Secretary , 
Bombay Stock Exchang e Ltd (BSE) 
Phiroze Jheejheebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code - 508869 
ISIN INE437A 01024 Date : June 15, 2025CIN: L85110TN1979PLC0080 35 .... .("0110 
l?osPITALS APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED 

"Ali Towers " Ill Floor, 
#55, Greams Road, 
Chennai - 600 00 6. =[;»> 
Tel : 044 - 28290956D896 / 6681 
Telefax : 044 - 2829 0956 
Email : investor.relations@apollohosp itals.com 
Website : www .apollohospitals.com General Office : Regd . Offic e : 
19, Bishop Gardens, 
Raja An namalaipuram, 
Chennai - 600 028. The composition of the Board of Directors ("Board'.) of Apollo Healthtech has been inclu ded as an 
integral part o f the Scheme to ensure transparency in relation to the proposed governance framework of 
Apollo Healthtech post the sanction of the Scheme. As set out in the Articles of Association ("Articles") 
of Apollo Healthtech, halfof the Board shall compr ise of independent directors (i.e., 6 (six) independent 
directors), as required under the SEBI LODR Regulations. Each of the directors shall be bound by 
his/her fiduciary duties, and the independent directors shall conti nue to retain autonomy, ensuring robust 
governance and balanced decision-making. The grant of board nominat ion rights to the investor, and to 
the promoter and promo ter group, is a well-recognised market practice, and does no t prejudice the 
interests of any other shareholder. Especially in our sector, continued Promo ter involvem ent is viewed 
by investors, employees , and other stakeholder s as important to preserving continuity, stability, and 
confidence in the company's long-term strategy, as well as safeguarding significant intangible value, 
including brand equity, conunun ity trust, and intellectual capital.gi_ f ~ ) 
IS/ISO 900 1: 2000 ------- <.,. , ~ "-~'';. 'j(~ 1. Board Nominati on Rights: In keeping with this commitm ent to strong governance and transparent investor relations, we have 
published additional inform ation for stakehold ers. This additional information is complementary to o ur 
investor Presentation published earlier to summarize the Sc heme. Please note that the Scheme is 
proposed to be appro ved as a composite frame work in an NCLT-convened meeting, in accordance wi th 
the applicable statutory framework. The Scheme, which inclu des the proposed gove rnance structure of Apollo Healthtech (including the 
Board Nomination rights) and an overv iew of the upside share arrangement, constitutes integral and 
inseparab le elements of a composite unifi ed commercial transaction amongst the parti es, negotiated and 
agreed as a single, cohesive transaction. This holistic fram ework is designed to ensure long-term value 
creation for all shareholders, continuity of strong governance standard s, and stabi lity in decision­ 
making post implementation of the Scheme. The propo sed Composite Scheme of Arrangement ("Scheme") should be viewed in that context. The 
strategic rationale underlying the separation and independent listing of Apollo Healthtech Limited 
("Apollo Healthtcch") has been extensively communicated to the market and has received broad 
recognition from inves tors as a value-unlocking initiative that enables sharper strategic focus , greater 
operational agility, enhanced capital allocation flexibility, and improved visibility into the performance 
and grow th poten tial of Apollo Healthtech. The Board and leade rship at Apollo Hospitals firmly believe 
that the Scheme is in the best interes ts of all sharehol ders and represents a natural next step in unlocking 
the full strategic and fi nancial potential o f Apollo Healthtech as an independent, focused healthcare 
platform. Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd. ("Apollo Hospital s") has, over the cour se of its history as a listed 
company, consistently upheld the highest standards of corpora te governance, trans parency, and 
-accountability, Additional Information in relation to the Composite Scheme CIN: L85110TN 1979PLC00 8035 .... .(.,Ono 
l?osPITALS APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED 

./t.J . 
Tel : 044 - 2829 0956 (3896 / 6681 
Telefax : 044 - 282 9 0956 
Email : investor.relations@apoll ohospitals.com 
Website : www .apollohosp itals.com General Office : 
"Ali Towers" Ill Floor, 
#55, Greams Road, 
Chennai - 600 006. Regd . Office : 
19, Bishop Gardens, 
Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chenna i - 600 028 . IS/ISO 9001 : 2000 work towards maximizing long-term, sustainable shareholder value. 
~ It is important to clarify that the Upside Agree ment is entirely investor-funded (Rasmeli) and does not 
result in any cash outflow from Apollo Healthtech or any of its other shareholders. As such , the Upside 
Agreement will not dilut e Apollo Healthtech's resources or impact the financial position of the business 
or other shareholders in any manner whatsoever. Further, we would like to clarify that this Upside 
Agreement forms part of a broader performance-linked framewo rk, conti ngent on the delivery of a 
highl y ambiti ous equity value-lin ked target (measured by Multiple of Invested Capital ("MOIC'")). No 
minimum amount is guaranteed, with a maximum of 9% of the upside delivered to Rasmeli for 
achievin g at least 4x MOIC. The value creation incentivized through the Upside Agreement would be 
experienced by all shareholders, without shareholders beari ng the assoc iated cost. Ln addition to linkin g 
incentives to demanding performance targets, Apollo Healthtechs ownership structure, including 3. Upside Agreement: We would like to clarify that, while Ms. Shobana Kamine ni is proposed to be appo inted as the Executive 
Chairperson of Apollo Healthtech's Board pursuant to and upon sanction of the Scheme by the Hon'ble 
NCLT and consequent effec tiveness of the Scheme, Apollo 1-Iealthtech will fur ther seek approv al of the 
shareholders of Apollo 1-Iealthtech in relation to the terms of appointment, tenure, and remuneration etc. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that Apollo Healthtech has communicated in its Investor Presentation 
(source) that it will appoint a Lead Lndependent Director to serve as an independent counterb alance 
within the Board, as well as a dedicated channel throu gh which shareholders could engag e with the 
Board . The composition of Apollo Healthtech's Board will remain under continuous review by a 
dedicated board-level committee to ensure that its composition and leadership structur e continue to 
reflect not only regulatory requirements, but also the expectations of shareholders and other 
stakeholders. Apollo Healthtech intends to, and will, comply with all applicable laws in regard to appointmen t of all 
directors on Apollo Healthtechs Board , includin g the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Compa nies Act, 
2013, and any other applic able regulatory requirements. including obtaining approval of the 
shareholders within the applicable timelines. 2. Appointment of Ms. Shobana Kamineni as Executive Chairperson : A conc ern that may be raised in relation to these Board nomination rights is around inclusion (or lack 
thereof) of a fall away threshold applicable for such rights. In the spirit of upholding high standards of 
corporate governance, Rasmeli Limi ted ('·Rasmeli'") as well as the promoter and promoter group of 
Apollo Healthtech, are committ ed to wa ive their respective right to nomi nate director(s) , when th e 
respective shareholding of Rasmeli or of the promoter and promoter group, as the case may be, falls 
below 10%. The Articles of Apollo Healthtech will be suitably revised, after effectiveness of the 
Scheme, to include such fall away threshold. APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED II• 
~AOIIO 
f?osPITALS 
CIN: L85110TN 1979PLC008035 

Tel : 044 - 28290956 I 3896 I 6681 
Telefax : 044 - 2829 0956 
Email : investo r.relations@apo llohospitals.com 
Website : www.apo llohospitals.com General Office : 
"Ali Towers" Ill Floor, 
#55, Greams Road, 
Chennai - 600 006. Regd. Office : 
19, Bishop Gardens, 
Raja An namalaipuram , 
Chennai - 600 028. IS/ISO 9001 : 2000 Date : June 15, 2026 Place : Chennai We respectfully seek your support for the Scheme and look forward to continuin g our shared journey 
of creating enduring and sustainable value for all stakeholders. The Scheme, toget her with the governanc e and oversight mechanisms described above, reflects this 
commitmen t in practice. The proposed structure has been designed to balance entrepren eurial leadership 
with robust institutional governance and shareholder accountability. It positions Apollo Healthtech to 
pursue its next phase of grow th with strategic clarity and independence, while ensuring that the interests 
of all shareholders remain paramount. Apollo Hospitals remains firml y committed to preserving and further strengthening the trust that our 
shareholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders have placed in the Grou p over several 
decades of consistent performance and responsible stewardship. Conclu sion In summ ary, we view the Upside Agreement as a standard and effective tool to align incentives across 
stakeholders without imposing any financial burden on the Company, while continuing to preserve long­ 
term value orientation. The prop osed Upside Agreement is subject to the approval of a majority of the public shareholders of 
the listed company, in accordance with R egulation 26(6) of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The relevant 
details of such Upside Agreement have been previously disclosed as part of the intimation to the stock 
exchanges, and included in the Scheme to ensure complete transparency with shareholders. 
Accordingly, the approval of shareholders of Apollo Hospitals (including the public shareholders) has 
been sought for the Scheme, which includes this Upside Agreement, as an integral part of the Scheme. 
Upon sanction of the Scheme by the Hon'ble NCLT and consequent effectiveness of the Scheme, Apollo 
Healthtech will further seek a separate appro val of a majority of the public shareholders of Apollo 
Healthtech (by way of a separate shareholders' resolution) once it is listed on the stock exchanges, in 
keeping with our high standards of corporate governance. Ms. Shobana Kamineni (the prop osed Exec utive Chairperson of Apollo Healthtech) has been given 
flexibility to identify the relevant employees who will be the benefici aries of the Upside Agreemen t so 
that the contributions of the employees who drive value creation over time is recognised and rewarded. 
Any such identification of beneficiaries will be done by Ms. Shobana Kamineni, in consultation with 
the Board of Apollo Healthtech (and the relevant committees thereof). As mentioned above, the Board 
will comprise at least six (6) independent directors, with consideration also being given to the 
appointment of a Lead Independent Director. CIN : L85110TN1979PLC008035 •· .(~0110 
l?osPITALS APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED 
