 
 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
The Secretary, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd (BSE)  
Phiroze Jheejheebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code – 508869 
ISIN INE437A01024 The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Code– 
APOLLOHOSP 
ISIN INE437A01024  
   
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Notice convening meeting of the equity shareholders of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise 
Limited (“Company” or “Demerged Company”) pursuant to the orders of the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Tribunal”)  
 
Ref: 1. Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
 2.  Earlier disclosures dated June 30, 2025; September 24, 2025; December 24,  2025, 
April 3, 2026, April 10, 2026, April 18, 2026, April 27, 2026 and May 8, 2026 under 
Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as a mended ("Listing Regulations").  
 
In furtherance of the aforementioned intimations and captioned subject, we hereby wish to 
inform that pursuant to the orders dated March 26, 2026, April 15, 2026, and May 05, 2026, 
passed in the Company Application (CAA) No. 8/CHE/2026, passed by the Tribunal (such 
orders being referred to as the “Tribunal Orders”), a meeting of the equity shareholders of 
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (“Company/Demerged Company”), is scheduled to be held 
on Wednesday, June 24, 2026 at 2.30 p.m. (IST), through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) (“Meeting”) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, 
approving the composite scheme of arrangement amongst the Company, Apollo Healthco 
 
 
 
 
Limited (“Transferor Company 1”), Keimed Private Limited (“Transferor Company 2”) and 
Apollo Healthtech Limited (“Resultant Company”) and their respective shareholders and 
creditors pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and Companies (Compromises, Arrangements And Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“CAA 
Rules”) other applicable laws (“Scheme”). 
 
We enclose herewith the copy of the notice of the aforesaid Meeting along with the explanatory 
statement under Section(s) 102, 230 - 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act read 
with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, the SEBI Listing Regulations and applicable circulars issued by 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The relevant annexures for the aforesaid 
notice are available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.apollohospitals.com/sites/default/files/2026-05/ahel_notice_equity_shareholders.pdf . 
 
The notice of the aforesaid Meeting along with the annexures thereto are being sent through 
electronic means to the equity shareholders of the Company, on Thursday, May 21, 2026 at 
their e-mail addresses registered with the Company/Registrar and Transfer Agents 
(“RTA”)/Depository Participants (“DPs”) / Depositories, and also through speed post to the 
equity shareholders who have not registered their e-mail addresses with the Company. 
 
Equity Shareholders whose names are recorded in the register of members maintained by the 
Company/RTA or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the Depositories as on the 
cut-off date, i.e., Wednesday, June 17, 2026, shall be entitled to attend and exercise their 
voting rights on the resolutions proposed at the Meeting. The voting rights of the equity 
shareholders of the Company shall be in the same proportion to the paid-up equity share 
capital held.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 and other provisions of the Act read with Rule 20 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, Regulation 44 
and other provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations as well as other applicable circulars issued 
by SEBI, the general circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs for providing e-voting 
 
 
 
 
facility at general meeting convened over VC/OAVM and Secretarial Standards-2, the 
Company will be providing at the Meeting, the facility of remote e-voting prior to the Meeting 
and e-voting at the Meeting in respect of the business to be transacted at the Meeting. For 
the Meeting, the Company has appointed National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to 
provide the facility of casting votes by the shareholders using remote e-voting /e-voting 
system as well as to enable the shareholders of the Company to attend and participate in the 
Meeting through VC/OAVM.  
 
The period for remote e-voting by the equity shareholders of the Company will commence on 
Saturday, June 20, 2026, at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and end on Tuesday, June 23, 2026, at 5.00 
p.m. (IST). NSDL will disable the remote e-voting system thereafter. The Company is also 
providing e-voting facility at the Meeting.  
 
The detailed instructions for attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM, manner of casting vote 
through remote e-voting/e-voting and registration of e-mail addresses of the shareholders 
for the Meeting are provided in the ‘Notes’ section of the enclosed notice convening the 
Meeting.  
 
The notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.apollohospitals.com  and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com . The notice will also be made available on 
the website of BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com , respectively.  
Please take note of the above on your records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED 
 
 
 
SM KRISHNAN 
SR. VICE PRESIDENT – FINANCE 
AND COMPANY SECRETARY  

 
1 APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED  
Corporate Identification No.: L85110TN1979PLC008035 
Registered Office: 19 Bishop Gardens R A Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600028 
Tel: 044-28290956, 28293896, Email: investor.relations@apollohospitals.com,                
Website: www.apollohospitals.com  
Pursuant to Sections 230(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 6 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF 
APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED, PURSUANT TO THE ORDERS 
DATED MARCH 26, 2026, APRIL 15, 2026, AND MAY 05, 2026 OF THE HON’BLE 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH IN 
CA/CAA/8/CHE/2026. 
Meeting Details 
Day :  Wednesday 
Date :  June 24, 2026 
Time :  02:30 PM 
Mode of Meeting* :  As per the directions of the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench, the 
meeting shall be conducted through video 
conferencing (“ VC”)/ other audio visual means 
(“OAVM”) 
Cut-off date for sending notice to 
eligible equity shareholders . : May 15, 2026 
Cut-off date for E-voting :  June 17, 2026 
Remote E-voting start date and 
time : June 20, 2026 at 9:00 AM (IST). 
Remote E-voting end date and time  : June 23, 2026 at 5:00 PM (IST). 
*Please note that the meeting does not require physical presence of the equity shareholders at 
a common venue.  
Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
1.  Notice of meeting of the equity shareholders of Apollo Hospitals 
Enterprise Limited (“ Demerged Company ”) under Sections 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) and Rule 6 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 
(“CAA Rules ”) (“Notice”). 7 - 23 
2.  Explanatory Statement in terms of Sections 102, 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the CAA Rules and SEBI 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 
2023, (“Statement ”). 24 - 71 

 
2 Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
3.  Annexure 1 
Copy of Tribunal Orders dated March 26, 2026, April 15, 2026, and 
May 05, 2026.  72 - 103 
4.  Annexure 2 
Composite scheme of arrangement among Demerged Company, 
Apollo Healthco Limited (“ Transferor Company 1 ”), Keimed Private 
Limited (“ Transferor Company 2 ”), and Apollo Healthtech Limited 
(“Resultant Company”) and their respective shareholders and 
creditors under Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and other applicable 
laws (“Scheme”). 104 - 210  
5.  Annexure 3  
Audited accounts of Demerged Company for financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.  211 - 232 
6.  Annexure 4 
Unaudited Financial Results of Demerged Company for the period 
from April 01, 2025, to December 31, 2025.  233 - 244 
7.  Annexure 5 
Audited Accounts of Transferor Company 1 for financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.  245 - 298 
8.  Annexure 6 
Audited accounts of Transferor Company 1 for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026.  299 – 368  
9.  Annexure 7 
Audited accounts of Transferor Company 2 for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025.  369 - 433 
10.  Annexure 8 
Audited Financial Statement of Transferor Company 2 for the period 
from April 01, 2025, to December 31, 2025 . 434 - 482 
11.  Annexure 9 
Audited accounts of the Resultant Company for the year ended March 
31, 2026.  483 - 544 
12.  Annexure 10 
Key terms of the Business Framework Agreement.  545 - 547 
13.  Annexure 11 
 
Part A 
Pre-Scheme and expected post-Scheme shareholding pattern of 
Resultant Company. 
  
 
548 - 575  
 
 
 
 
3 Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
Part B 
Pre-scheme and post-Scheme shareholding pattern of Demerged 
Company. 
 
Part C 
Pre-scheme shareholding pattern of Transferor Company 1.  
 
Part D 
Pre-scheme shareholding pattern of Transferor Company 2. 
 
Part E 
Expected shareholding pattern of companies involved in the Scheme at 
each stage of the Scheme. 576 - 606 
 
 
 
607 - 629 
 
 
630 - 654 
 
 
655 - 715 
14.  Annexure 12 
Report under Section 232(2)(c) of the Act adopted by the Board of 
Directors of Transferor Company 1.  716 - 723 
15.  Annexure 13 
Report under Section 232(2)(c) of the Act adopted by the Board of 
Directors of Transferor Company 2.  724 - 731 
16.  Annexure 14  
Report under Section 232(2)(c) of the Act adopted by the Board of 
Directors of Demerged Company.  732 - 740 
17.  Annexure 15 
Report under Section 232(2)(c) of the Act adopted by the Board of 
Directors of Resultant Company.  741 - 747 
18.  Annexure 16  
Report of the audit committee of Demerged Company dated June 30, 
2025. 748 - 755 
19.  Annexure 17 
Comparison of the revenue and net-worth of the Identified Business 
Undertaking with total revenue and net-worth of Demerged Company 
in the last three financial years.  756 
20.  Annexure 18 
Details of the pre-Scheme and the post-Scheme net-worth of Demerged 
Company and Resultant Company.  757 - 760 
21.  Annexure 19 
 CCI Order 761 - 769 
22.  Annexure 20 
Copy of the complaint report dated October 23, 2025, submitted by 770 - 771 
 
4 Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
Demerged Company Limited to NSE.  
23.  Annexure 21 
Copy of the complaint report dated August 9, 2025, submitted by 
Demerged Company Limited to BSE.  772 - 773 
24.  Annexure 22 
Observation letter dated December 24, 2025, issued by BSE Limited 
(“BSE”). 774 - 779 
25.  Annexure 23 
Observation letter dated December 23, 2025, issued by the National 
Stock Exchange Limited (“ NSE”). 780 - 785 
26.  Annexure 24  
Information pertaining to Transferor Company 1 in the format 
prescribed for abridged prospectus in Part E of Schedule VI of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.  784 - 803 
27.  Annexure 25 
Information pertaining to Transferor Company 2 in the format 
prescribed for abridged prospectus in Part E of Schedule VI of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.  804 – 823  
28.  Annexure 26 
Information pertaining to Resultant Company in the format prescribed 
for abridged prospectus in Part E of Schedule VI of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018.  824 - 840 
29.  Annexure 27 
Certificate certifying the accounting treatment in the Scheme, issued 
by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, statutory auditor of Demerged 
Company.  841 - 843 
30.  Annexure 28 
Certificate certifying the accounting treatment in the Scheme, issued 
by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, statutory auditor of Resultant 
Company.  844 - 849 
31.  Annexure 29 
Certificate with respect to the accounting treatment, issued by Deloitte 
Haskins & Sells LLP, statutory auditor of Transferor Company 1.  850 - 852 
32.  Annexure 30 
Certificate with respect to the accounting treatment, issued by M. 
Sreenivasulu Reddy & Associates, statutory auditor of Transferor 
Company 2.  853 - 855 
 
5 Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
33.  Annexure 31 
Joint valuation report dated June 27, 2025, issued by KPMG Valuation 
Services LLP and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP recommending the 
Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio, Transferor Company 2 Merger 
Share Entitlement Ratio and Transferor Company 1 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio (as defined in the Scheme) . 856 – 900  
34.  Annexure 32  
Fairness opinion dated June 27, 2025, issued by Axis Capital Limited, 
on the recommendation of the Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio, 
Transferor Company 2 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio and Transferor 
Company 1 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio  (as defined in the Scheme)  
for the Scheme.  901 – 907  
35.  Annexure 33  
Details of the assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the 
Companies, pre and post the Scheme along with a write up on the 
history of the Identified Business Undertaking.  908 – 910  
36.  Annexure 34 
Details of the value of assets and liabilities of Identified Business 
Undertaking being transferred to Resultant Company.  911 – 912  
37.  Annexure 35 
Details of apportionment of losses.  913  
38.  Annexure 36 
Certificate on built up for reserves viz. capital reserve, capital 
redemption reserve, securities premium, as certified by CA. 914 - 922  
39.  Annexure 37 
Certificate on nature of reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption 
reserve, as certified by CA. 923 - 931  
40.  Annexure 38 
Certificate on built up of the accumulated losses over the years, as 
certified by CA.  932 - 935  
41.  Annexure 39 
Certificate on relevant sections of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable 
Indian Accounting Standards and Accounting treatment, certified by 
CA. 936 - 942 
42.  Annexure 40 
Certificates with the list of comparable companies considered for 
comparable companies’ multiple method, as issued by KPMG 
Valuation Services LLP.  943 
43.  Annexure 41 
Certificates with the list of comparable companies considered for 944 - 947 
 
6 Sl. 
No. Index Page 
Nos. 
comparable companies’ multiple method, as issued by BDO Valuation 
Advisory LLP.  
44.  Annexure 42 
Details of share capital built-up of the unlisted companies involved in 
the Scheme, as certified by CA.  
 948 - 957  
45.  Annexure 43 
Details of the basis for division of assets and liabilities between 
divisions of Demerged Company.  958 
46.  Annexure 44 
Comments of the Demerged Company on compliance of the 
accounting treatment specified in Scheme with the Accounting 
Standards/Indian Accounting Standard.  959 - 963 
47.  Annexure 45 
Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA details of the companies involved in the 
Scheme along with the reasons justifying the EBIDTA/PAT margin, as 
issued by  KPMG Valuation Services LLP.  964 - 966 
48.  Annexure 46 
Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA details of the companies involved in the 
Scheme along with the reasons justifying the EBIDTA/PAT margin, as 
issued by  BDO Valuation Advisory LLP.  967 - 970 
49.  Annexure 47 
Certificate from KPMG Valuation Services LLP confirming that the 
valuation done in the Scheme is in accordance with applicable 
valuation standards.   971  
50.  Annexure 48 
Certificate from BDO Valuation Advisory LLP confirming that the 
valuation done in the Scheme is in accordance with applicable 
valuation standards.   972 - 975 
51.  Annexure 49 
Confirmation in relation to compliance with applicable securities laws.  976 
52.  Annexure 50 
Confirmation on arrangement yet to be executed.  977 
 
The Notice of the Meeting, Statement under Sections 102, 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, the Listing Regulations read with 
applicable SEBI circulars and Annexure 1 to Annexure 50 constitute a single and complete set 
of documents and should be read together as they form an integral part of this document.  
 
7 FORM NO. CAA. 2  
(Pursuant to Section 230(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules 6 and 7 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016)  
BEFORE THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH 
IN  
CA (CAA) NO. 8/ (CHE)/2026 
 
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND 
THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) 
RULES, 2016 
 
AND 
 
IN THE MATTER OF COMPOSITE SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT AMONGST APOLLO 
HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED AND APOLLO HEALTHCO LIMITED AND 
KEIMED PRIVATE LIMITED AND APOLLO HEALTHTECH LIMITED AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS (“ SCHEME ”) 
 
APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED, a 
company incorporated under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956, Corporate Identification No. 
L85110TN1979PLC008035, PAN AAACA5443N, 
having its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A 
Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 1/ 
DEMERGED COMPANY  
APOLLO HEALTHCO LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, Corporate Identification No. 
U85110TN2020PLC135839, PAN AATCA5622L, having 
its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 2/ 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY 1  
KEIMED PRIVATE LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, Corporate Identification No. 
U72200TN2000PTC179280, PAN AABCK4532F, having 
its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 3/ 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY 2 
APOLLO HEALTHTECH LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, Corporate Identification No. 
U63122TN2025PLC180534, PAN ABCCA9131A, 
having its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A 
Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu- 600028, India.  
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 4/ 
RESULTANT COMPANY 
 
8  
(“The Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and Resultant 
Company are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Companies”).  
 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF APOLLO 
HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED 
(Convened pursuant to orders dated March 26, 2026, April 15, 2026, and May 05, 2026, 
passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench) 
To, 
The equity shareholders of 
Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited . 
1. NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the orders dated March 26, 2026, April 15, 2026, 
and May 05, 2026, passed in the Company Application (CAA) No. 8/CHE/2026, passed 
by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“ Tribunal ”) (and such 
orders the “Tribunal Orders” ), a meeting of the equity shareholders of Apollo Hospitals 
Enterprise Limited (“ Company/Demerged Company ”), will be held for the purpose of 
their consideration, and if thought fit, approval, with or without modification(s), the 
proposed composite scheme of arrangement amongst Demerged Company, Apollo 
Healthco Limited (“ Transferor Company 1 ”), Keimed Private Limited (“ Transferor 
Company 2 ”) and Apollo Healthtech Limited (“ Resultant Company ”) and their 
respective shareholders and creditors pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230-232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) and Companies (Compromises, Arrangements And 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“ CAA Rules ”) other applicable laws (“ Scheme”) on 
Wednesday, June 24, 2026 at 2:30 PM (IST), in terms of the Tribunal Orders. 
2. Pursuant to the Tribunal Orders and as directed therein, the meeting of the equity 
shareholders of the Company (“ Meeting”) will be held through video conferencing 
(“VC”)/other audio visual means (“ OAVM”), in compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the Act, to consider, and if thought fit, pass, with or without modification(s), the 
following resolution approving the Scheme by requisite majority as prescribed under 
Section 230(6) of the Act, the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, bearing reference No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93, and any other applicable circulars issued by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India, each as amended from time to time. Accordingly, 
at the designated day, date, and time the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company 
are requested to attend the Meeting. It may be noted that the Meeting does not require 
physical presence of the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company at the common 
venue. 
3. The equity shareholders of the Demerged Company are requested to consider, and if 
thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s) the following resolution for approval 
of the Scheme by requisite majority as prescribed under Sections 230(1) and 230(6) read 
with 232(1) of the Act, as amended: 
 
9 “RESOLVED THAT in terms of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) read with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), applicable circulars and notifications issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI”), under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and the regulations made thereunder 
including Regulation 26(6) and any other applicable regulation, if any, of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations ”), as amended, read with the circulars issued thereunder including 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, bearing 
reference No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 (“ SEBI Master Circular ”), applicable 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (or the substantially equivalent provision of the Income 
Tax Act, 2025, as applicable), the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and regulations 
framed thereunder and such other laws as may be applicable, the observation letter(s) issued 
by each of BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) 
(NSE and BSE collectively referred to as the “ Stock Exchanges ”), dated December 24, 2025 
and December 23, 2025, respectively, the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of each of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited (“ Demerged Company ” / 
“Company ”), Apollo Healthco Limited (“ Transferor Company 1 ”), Keimed Private Limited 
(“Transferor Company 2 ”) and Apollo Healthtech Limited (“ Resultant Company ”) and 
subject to the approval of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench 
(“Tribunal ”) and any other regulatory approvals, consents, no objections, confirmations, 
permissions, sanctions, exemptions, as may be required under applicable laws, regulations, 
guidelines, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be deemed appropriate, at 
any time and for any reason whatsoever, or which may otherwise be considered necessary, 
desirable or as may be prescribed or imposed by the Tribunal or by any regulatory or other 
authorities, while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, which may be agreed to 
by the board of directors of the Company (“ Board”, which term shall be deemed to mean and 
include one or more committee(s) constituted/ to be constituted by the Board or any other 
person authorised by the Board to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by this 
resolution), the arrangement embodied in the proposed composite scheme of arrangement 
amongst Demerged Company, Resultant Company, Transferor Company 1 and Transferor 
Company 2 and their respective creditors and shareholders pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 230-232 of the Act, (“ Scheme”), providing inter alia for the following:  
(a) demerger of the Identified Business Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) of the 
Demerged Company into Resultant Company and consequent issue of fully paid-up 
equity shares of Resultant Company to the eligible shareholders of the Demerged 
Company as on Record Date 1 ( as defined in the Scheme ) in consideration of the 
demerger and in accordance with the Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in 
the Scheme ); 
(b) the amalgamation of Transferor Company 1 with and into Resultant Company and 
consequent issue of fully paid-up equity shares of Resultant Company to the eligible 
shareholders of Transferor Company 1 as on Record Date 2 ( as defined in the Scheme ) 
in consideration of the merger and in accordance with Transferor Company 1 Merger 
Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ); 
(c) the amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 with and into Resultant Company and the 
consequent issue of fully paid-up equity shares of Resultant Company to the eligible 
 
10 shareholders of Transferor Company 2 as on Record Date 3 ( as defined in the Scheme ) 
in consideration of the merger and in accordance with Transferor Company 2 Merger 
Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ); 
(d) dissolution without winding up of Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 
in accordance with the Scheme; 
(e) re-categorisation of the authorised preference share capital of Transferor Company 1 
into authorised equity share capital of Transferor Company 1 and transfer of such re-
categorised authorised share capital of Transferor Company 1 to Resultant Company; 
(f) transfer of the authorized share capital of Transferor Company 2 to Resultant Company; 
(g) amendment and restatement of the articles of association of Resultant Company in the 
form set out in the Scheme; 
(h) change of name of Resultant Company to ‘Apollo Healthco Limited’ or such other 
name as approved by the board of directors of Resultant Company and consequent 
amendment of the memorandum of association and articles of association of Resultant 
Company; 
(i) reconstitution of the board of directors of Resultant Company as follows: (i) AHL 
Promoter ( as defined in the Scheme ); (ii) 3 (three) directors nominated by the Resultant 
Company Promoters ( as defined in the Scheme ); (iii) 1 (one) director nominated by the 
Demerged Company; (iv) 1 (one) director nominated by Rasmeli Limited; and (v) 6 
(six) independent directors; 
(j) upside share arrangement between Ms. Shobana Kamineni (a promoter of Transferor 
Company 1) and Rasmeli Limited (an investor holding shares of Transferor Company 
1, a material subsidiary of Demerged Company), wherein pursuant to an upside share 
agreement dated June 30, 2025, (“ Upside Agreement ”) between Rasmeli Limited and 
Ms. Shobana Kamineni, Rasmeli Limited has agreed to share an agreed portion of the 
upside received by it (and its affiliates) pursuant to its investment into Transferor 
Company 1 with Ms. Shobana Kamineni and the identified employees of Transferor 
Company 1 (or any successor entity), its (existing and future) subsidiaries and (existing 
and future) associate companies, in order to incentivise the management of such 
companies (it being clarified that upon the effectiveness of the Scheme, the obligation 
of Rasmeli Limited to provide upside (in relation to its shareholding in Transferor 
Company 1) to the Upside Recipients (as defined in the Scheme) would stand 
automatically linked to the shareholding of Rasmeli Limited in Resultant Company; 
(k) listing of equity shares of Resultant Company on the Stock Exchanges in accordance 
with the Scheme; 
(l) appointment of the AHL Promoter ( as defined in the Scheme ) as the executive 
chairperson of the board of Resultant Company, on terms set out in the Scheme and 
such other terms as may be agreed between the AHL Promoter and Resultant Company; 
 be and is hereby approved by the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion deem desirable, appropriate or 
 
11 necessary, to give effect to this resolution and effectively implement the arrangements 
embodied in the Scheme and to accept such modifications, amendments, limitations and/or 
conditions, if any, at any time and for any reason whatsoever, or which may be prescribed or 
imposed by the Tribunal or by any regulatory or other authorities, while granting approvals, 
permissions and sanctions, which may be agreed to by the Board, or as may be needed for the 
purpose of resolving any doubts or difficulties that may arise while giving effect to the Scheme, 
as the Board may deem fit and proper, without needing to seek any further approval of the 
equity shareholders and the equity shareholders shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by authority under this resolution.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board may delegate all or any of its powers herein 
conferred to any director(s) and/or officer(s) of the Company, to give effect to this resolution, 
if needed, as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit, necessary or desirable, without any 
further approval from the shareholders of the Company.” 
4. TAKE FURTHER NOTICE  that the equity shareholders of the Company shall have the 
facility and option of voting on the resolution for the Scheme by casting their votes: (a) 
through e-voting system available at the Meeting to be held virtually on Wednesday, June 
24, 2026 at 2:30 PM; or (b) by remote electronic voting (“Remote e-voting”) during the 
period as stated below:  
REMOTE E-VOTING 
PERIOD  
Commencement of voting June 20, 2026  at 9.00 AM  (IST). 
End of voting June 23, 2026  at 5.00 PM (IST). 
Cut-off date for e-voting June 17, 2026 
Remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting shall be hereinafter collectively referred to as “ E-
Voting”. 
In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act, the Hon’ble Tribunal convened 
meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM without 
the physical presence of the equity shareholders at a common venue. 
5. Only the registered equity shareholders of the Company whose names are recorded in the 
register of members of the Company or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by 
the Depositories (such members holding shares either in physical form or in electronic 
form) as on the Cut-off Date (i.e., June 17, 2026) shall be entitled to exercise their voting 
rights on the resolution proposed in the Notice and attend the Meeting. 
6. A copy of the Scheme, explanatory statement under Section 230(3), 232(1), 232(2) read 
with Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the CAA Rules 
along with all annexures to such statement are enclosed herewith (“ Explanatory 
Statement ”). 
7. The Tribunal has appointed Dr. K. S. Ravichandran, PCS, Managing Partner of KSR & 
Co., Company Secretaries LLP as the Chairperson for the Meeting. The Tribunal has 
appointed Mr. S. Vedhavel, Advocate, as the Scrutiniser for the Meeting, to scrutinise the 
process of remote e-voting prior to the Meeting as well as e-voting at the Meeting. 
 
12 8. The Company has appointed the National Securities Depository Limited (“ NSDL”), to 
provide VC facility for the Meeting (for E-Voting) and the attendant enablers for the 
conduct of the Meeting 
9. The above-mentioned Scheme, if approved at the Meeting, will be subject to the subsequent 
sanction of the Tribunal and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory 
or other authorities, as may be necessary. 
Sd- 
Dr. K. S. Ravichandran, PCS 
Chairperson appointed for the Meeting. 
Date: May 21  2026.  
Place: Chennai. 
Registered office: 
19, Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, 
India, 600028.  
CIN: L85110TN1979PLC008035 
E-mail: investor.relations@apollohospitals.com  
  
 
13 NOTES:  
1. Pursuant to the directions of the Hon’ble Tribunal given under the Tribunal Orders and 
General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ 
CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“ SEBI Circular ”) and other 
applicable circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, the 
Meeting is being conducted through VC/OAVM facility to transact the business set out 
in the Notice convening this Meeting, which does not require physical presence of the 
equity shareholders at a common venue. The deemed venue for the Meeting shall be the 
Registered Office of the Demerged Company situated at No. 19 Bishop Gardens, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 028.  
2. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, equity shareholders entitled to attend and vote at 
the Meeting are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the 
proxy need not be an equity shareholder of the Company. However, as this Meeting is 
being held through VC/OAVM, and physical attendance has been dispensed with, the 
facility for appointment of proxies by the equity shareholders will not be available for 
the Meeting and therefore the proxy form and attendance slip is not annexed to this 
notice. 
3. Equity shareholders as on the cut-off date, i.e., June 17, 2026, only shall be entitled to 
exercise the voting rights on the resolution proposed in this notice. Only those 
shareholders whose names are recorded in the register of members of the Company or in 
the register of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date will 
be entitled to cast their votes by remote e-voting or by e-voting at the Meeting. Those 
who are not equity shareholders as on the cut-off date should accordingly treat his Notice 
as for information purposes only and shall not be entitled to avail the facility of voting at 
the Meeting. 
4. In case of joint equity shareholders attending the Meeting, only such joint equity 
shareholder whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the 
Register of Members of Demerged Company will be entitled to vote at the Meeting. 
5. An explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 230(3), 232(1), 232(2) and 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“ CAA Rules ”) (“Explanatory 
Statement ”) in respect of the business set out in the Notice of the Meeting is annexed 
hereto. The Meeting will be conducted in compliance with the applicable provisions of 
the Tribunal Orders, the Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Secretarial Standard-2, 
and other applicable laws. 
6. In terms of the Tribunal Orders, the Notice, Explanatory Statement under Section 230(3) 
read with Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Act and all annexures thereto 
are being sent through electronic mode to equity shareholders whose e-mail IDs are 
registered with the Demerged Company . For those equity shareholders whose e-mail 
IDs are not registered with the Demerged Company , physical letter regarding holding of 
the meeting being sent through speed post /courier containing this Notice, Explanatory 
Statement, a weblink and QR code through which all annexures to the Notice can be 
accessed, in lieu of sending the voluminous physical documents.  
 
14 7. NSDL, the e-voting service provider will provide the facility for voting to the equity 
shareholders through remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC/ 
OAVM and e-voting at the Meeting. 
8. In terms of the Tribunal Orders, the quorum of the Meeting shall be 35,640 equity 
shareholders of the Demerged Company. In case the required quorum for the Meeting is 
not met/satisfied at the commencement of the Meeting, the Chairperson shall adjourn the 
Meeting by 30 minutes and thereafter the persons present and voting shall be deemed to 
constitute the quorum of the said Meeting. 
9. Equity shareholders will be able to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM or view the 
live webcast of the Meeting by logging on to the e-voting website of NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com using their secure login credentials.  
10. Corporate equity shareholders ( i.e., other than individuals/Hindu Undivided Family) 
need to send legible scanned certified true copies (PDF/JPG format) of the relevant board 
or governing body resolution/power of attorney/ authority letter, etc. in respect of the 
representative(s) who are authorised to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM on its 
behalf and to vote through Remote e-voting or to vote at the Meeting. The resolution/ 
authorisation shall be sent to the Scrutiniser by e- mail to vedha@velslawchambers.com 
with a copy marked to companysecretary@apollohospitals.com not later than 48 (forty 
eight) hours before the commencement of the Meeting. In addition, the relevant corporate 
equity shareholders are required to upload the resolution/ power of attorney/ authority 
letter, etc. in respect of their representative(s) who are authorised to attend the Meeting 
on the e-voting module at their login page. 
11. It is clarified that casting of votes by Remote E-Voting (prior to the Meeting) does not 
disentitle equity shareholders from attending the Meeting. However, after exercising 
right to vote through Remote E-Voting prior to the Meeting, equity shareholders shall 
not vote again at the Meeting. In case the equity shareholders cast their vote via both the 
modes i.e., Remote E-Voting prior to the Meeting as well as E-Voting at the Meeting, 
then voting done through Remote E-Voting before the Meeting shall prevail once the 
vote on a resolution is cast by the equity shareholders, whether partially or otherwise. 
The equity shareholders shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.  
12. The equity shareholders may note that the aforesaid documents are also available on the 
website of the Company at www.apollohospitals.com and on the website of the Stock 
Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited (“ BSE”) at www.bseindia.com and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) at www.nseindia.com, the website of NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com, being the agency appointed by the Company to provide e-Voting 
and other facilities for the Meeting. 
13. If so desired, equity shareholders may obtain a physical copy of the Notice and the 
accompanying documents, i.e., Scheme and the Explanatory Statement free of charge. A 
written request in this regard, along with details of their shareholding in the Company, 
may be addressed to the Company Secretary at companysecretary@apollohospitals.com. 
14. All the documents referred to in the accompanying Explanatory Statement shall also be 
open for inspection to the equity shareholders at the registered office of the Company 
between 10:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. on any working day (except Saturday, Sunday and 
public holidays) till the date of the Meeting. 
 
15 15. The equity shareholders of the Company can join the Meeting in the VC/ OAVM mode 
15 minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following 
the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The detailed instructions for joining the Meeting 
through VC/ OAVM forms part of the notes to this Notice.  
16. Subject to receipt of requisite majority of votes as per Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, the 
resolution proposed in the Notice shall be deemed to have been passed on the date of the 
Meeting (specified in the Notice). Further, the Scheme shall be acted upon only if the 
votes cast by the public shareholders in favour of the Scheme are more than the number 
of votes cast by the public shareholders against it as per the SEBI Master Circular. 
17. As directed by the Tribunal, Mr. S Vedhavel, Advocate (Email Id: 
vedha@velslawchambers.com), has been appointed as the Scrutinizer for the said 
Tribunal convened meeting of the equity shareholders for conducting voting by Remote 
e-voting and e-voting.  
18. In terms of the directions contained in the Tribunal Orders, the notice convening the 
Meeting is being published by the Company through advertisement in the newspapers, 
Business Standard (All India edition) and Makkal Kural Tamil (Tamil Nadu edition), 
both having wide circulation in the state of Tamil Nadu.  
19. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairperson after completion of the scrutiny 
of the votes cast by the equity shareholders through e-voting (both prior to and during 
the Meeting). The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the votes shall be final. The 
results of votes cast through Remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting, shall be 
announced by the Chairperson not later than 2 (two) working days of the conclusion of 
the Meeting upon receipt of the Scrutinizer’s report and the same shall be displayed on 
the website of the Company i.e. www.apollohospitals.com, website of the Stock 
Exchanges on which the Company’s shares are listed i.e. www.bseindia.com and 
www.nseindia.com and on the website of NSDL i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
20. The Chairperson shall file report with respect to the result of the Meeting to the Tribunal 
within 3(three) days of the conclusion of the Meeting with regard to Scheme. 
21. The Demerged Company has filed the Scheme with the Registrar of Companies on April 
15, 2026 in form GNL-1. 
22. Remote e-voting : 
The Remote e-voting period shall commence on June 20, 2026 (i.e., Saturday) at 09:00 
AM (IST) and shall end on June 23, 2026 (i.e., Tuesday) at 05:00 PM (IST). During this 
period, equity shareholders of the Company may cast their vote by Remote E-Voting. 
The said Remote E-Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting immediately 
thereafter. The equity shareholders who have not cast their votes through Remote E-
Voting shall be able to cast their votes through E-Voting during the Meeting on June 24, 
2026, from the time of commencement of Meeting till 30 minutes after the conclusion of 
the Meeting.  
23. In case of any difficulty in E-Voting or attending the Meeting through VC/ OAVM, etc., 
the following person may be contacted:  
 
16  Name : Ms. Pallavi Mhatre  
 Contact number : 022-4886 7000  
 E-mail ID evoting@nsdl.com  
 
24. The equity shareholders of the Company who have not registered their email ID with the 
Company, may complete the email registration process as under to vote on the 
resolution(s) mentioned therein:  
a. The equity shareholders of the Company who have not registered their e-mail IDs 
may temporarily get their e-mail IDs registered with the Company/Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent, Integrated Registry Management Services Pvt Ltd by sending 
email at einward@integrated.in. The equity shareholders are requested to provide 
details such as Name, PAN, Folio No. / DPID & CLID, mobile number and e-mail 
ID.  
b. It is clarified that for permanent registration of email ID, equity shareholders are 
requested to register their email IDs with the RTA of Company viz. Integrated 
Registry Management Services Pvt Ltd by sending a request email to 
einward@integrated.in.  
The voting right of equity shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date. The equity shareholders are 
requested to carefully read the instructions for Remote e-voting before casting their vote. 
A person who is not a member on the cut-off date should treat this notice for information 
purposes only.  
The instructions for equity shareholders for Remote e-voting and joining Meeting 
are as under:  
25. Instructions: 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?   
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of "Two Steps" 
which are mentioned below:   
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system   
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI Master Circular issued on July 11, 2023, (last updated on January 
30, 2026) on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.  
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given 
below: 
 
17 Type of 
shareholders  Login Method  
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.is 
p. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, 
PAN, Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected 
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period.  
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
"Beneficial Owner" icon under "Login" which is available 
under 'IDeAS' section, this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on "Access to e-Voting" under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select 
"Register Online for IDeAS Portal" or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReq.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon "Login" 
which is available under 'Shareholder/Member' section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected 
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
 
 
18 
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
"NSDL Speede" facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can 
login through their existing user id and password. Option will 
be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing 
my easi username & password.  
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting 
is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting their 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is 
also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers' website directly.  
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option.  
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system 
will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
 
19 participants  period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised 
to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned 
website.  
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type  Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com or call toll free nos. at 022 - 
4886 7000  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at no. 
1800-21-09911  
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other 
than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders 
holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?   
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.  
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. Alternatively, if you are 
registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to 
NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.  
4. Your User ID details are given below:  
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  Your User ID is:  
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.  8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID For example if your DP ID is 
IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then 
 
20 your user ID is IN300***12******.  
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.  16 Digit Beneficiary ID For example if 
your Beneficiary ID is 12************** 
then 12**************  
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. EVEN Number f ollowed by Folio Number 
registered with the company For example if 
folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001***  
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given 
below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can use your existing 
password to login and cast your vote.  
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password.  
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?  
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace 
the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and 
open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to 
open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits 
of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical 
form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password:  
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.  
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL  
 
21 7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by 
selecting on the check box.  
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.  
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.  
How to cast your vote electronically and join Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?   
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” 
in which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle and Meeting is in active 
status.  
2. Select “EVEN - 139293” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during 
the remote e Voting period and casting your vote during the Meeting. For joining 
virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join 
Meeting”.  
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.  
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify 
the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” 
and also “Confirm” when prompted.  
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option 
on the confirmation page.  
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify 
your vote.  
26. General Guidelines for shareholders   
a) It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website 
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset 
the password.  
b) In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022-4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. 
Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com  
27. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the 
depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of email ids for e-
voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:  
 
22 a) In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-Aadhar 
Card) by email to einward@integrated.in. 
b) In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + 
CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to einward@integrated.in. If you are an 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer 
to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and 
joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode.  
c) Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for 
procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned 
documents.  
d) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by 
Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and 
email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility 
28. Instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the Meeting are as under :- 
 
a) The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the Meeting is same as the instructions 
mentioned above for remote e-voting. 
 
b) Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the Meeting through 
VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote 
e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through 
e-Voting system in the Meeting. 
 
c) Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the 
Meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the Meeting. 
 
d) The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the 
facility for e-Voting on the day of the Meeting shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting. 
 
29. Instructions for Members for attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM are as 
under :-  
 
a) Member will be provided with a facility to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM 
through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps 
mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system . After successful login, you 
can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting”  menu against company 
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. 
The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the 
EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have 
the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password 
 
23 may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the 
notice to avoid last minute rush. 
 
b) Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
c) Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed 
to avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
d) Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to 
Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-
Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
30. The equity shareholders who would like to express their views / have questions / seek 
any information during the Meeting with regard to the item of business to be transacted 
at the Meeting may register themselves as a speaker by sending their request from their 
registered email ID in advance mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/folio 
number, PAN, mobile number to the Company at 
companysecretary@apollohospitals.com from June 21, 2026 (9:00 A.M. IST) to June 22, 
2026 (5:00 P.M. IST).  
31. The equity shareholders who do not wish to speak during the Meeting but have queries 
may send their queries in advance at least 7 (seven) days before the date of the Meeting 
mentioning their name, Demat Account Number (DP ID and Client ID) / Folio Number, 
email ID, mobile number and PAN at companysecretary@apollohospitals.com. These 
queries will be replied to by the Company suitably.  
32. Those equity shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be 
allowed to express their views/ask questions during the Meeting. The Company along 
with Chairperson reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the 
availability of time at the Meeting.  
The equity shareholders are requested to carefully read all the Notes set out herein and in 
particular, instructions for joining the Meeting and manner of casting vote through E-
Voting. 
  
 
24 (Pursuant to Section 230(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules 6 and 7 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016)  
BEFORE THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH 
IN  
CA (CAA) NO. 8/ (CHE)/2026 
 
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND 
THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) 
RULES, 2016 
 
AND 
 
IN THE MATTER OF COMPOSITE SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT AMONGST APOLLO 
HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED AND APOLLO HEALTHCO LIMITED AND 
KEIMED PRIVATE LIMITED AND APOLLO HEALTHTECH LIMITED AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS (“ SCHEME ”) 
 
APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED, a 
company incorporated under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956, Corporate Identification No. 
L85110TN1979PLC008035, PAN AAACA5443N, 
having its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A 
Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 1/ 
DEMERGED COMPANY  
APOLLO HEALTHCO LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, Corporate Identification No. 
U85110TN2020PLC135839, PAN AATCA5622L, having 
its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 2/ 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY 1  
KEIMED PRIVATE LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, Corporate Identification No. 
U72200TN2000PTC179280, PAN AABCK4532F, having 
its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu-600028, India. 
  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 3/ 
TRANSFEROR COMPANY 2 
APOLLO HEALTHTECH LIMITED, a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, Corporate Identification No. 
U63122TN2025PLC180534, PAN ABCCA9131A, 
having its Registered Office at 19 Bishop Gardens, R A 
Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu- 600028, India.  
 
 
 
 
…APPLICANT COMPANY 4/ 
RESULTANT COMPANY 
 
25  
(“The Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and Resultant 
Company are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Companies”).  
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 230 AND 232, READ WITH 
SECTION 102 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 (“ACT”), RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS 
AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 (“CAA RULES”) AND THE SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“LISTING REGULATIONS”), TO THE 
NOTICE OF THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF  APOLLO 
HOSPITALS ENTERPRISE LIMITED, CONVENED PURSUANT TO THE ORDERS 
OF THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH 
DATED MARCH 26, 2026 APRIL 15, 2026, AND MAY 05, 2026 THROUGH VC AND 
OAVM MODE, ON JUNE 24, 2026, WEDNESDAY AT 2:30 PM. 
 
1. This is an explanatory statement (“ Statement ”) accompanying the Notice convening the 
Meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company, pursuant to the orders dated March 
26, 2026, April 15, 2026, and May 05, 2026, passed by the Hon’ble National Company 
Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“ Tribunal ”) (“Tribunal Orders ”) appended hereto as 
ANNEXURE 1 . The Tribunal has directed separate meetings to be convened of the 
equity shareholders and unsecured creditors of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Limited 
(“Company ” / “Demerged Company ”), for the purpose of their consideration and if 
though fit, approving, with or without modification(s), the proposed composite scheme 
of arrangement amongst Demerged Company, Apollo Healthco Limited (“ Transferor 
Company 1 ”), Keimed Private Limited (“ Transferor Company 2 ”), Apollo Healthtech 
Limited (“ Resultant Company ” and their respective Shareholders and Creditors 
(“Scheme”) appended hereto as ANNEXURE 2 . The Scheme, provides for, inter alia: 
(a) demerger of the Identified Business Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme)  of 
Demerged Company into Resultant Company; (b) amalgamation of Transferor Company 
1 with and into Resultant Company; and (c) amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 with 
and into Resultant Company. 
Capitalised terms not defined herein and used in the notice convening the aforesaid 
meetings and this Statement, shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the 
Scheme. 
Note: ANNEXURE 2 hereto is the Scheme approved by the respective boards of directors of 
Demerged Company, Resultant Company, Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI”), the BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and the 
National Stock Exchange of India (“ NSE”).  
A. BACKGROUND OF THE COMPANIES 
1. Particulars of Demerged Company: 
(i) Demerged Company  is a public limited company incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 1956 (“ 1956 Act ”), having its registered office at 19, Bishop 
Gardens, R A Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu - 600028, India. Demerged Company 
was incorporated on December 5, 1979, with the Registrar of Companies, 
 
26 Chennai. The Corporate Identification Number (“ CIN”) of Demerged Company 
is L85110TN1979PLC008035. The Permanent Account Number (“ PAN”) of 
Demerged Company is AAACA5443N. The email address of Demerged 
Company is investor.relations@apollohospitals.com. 
(ii) Demerged Company is a listed company, and its shares are listed on BSE and 
NSE.  
(iii) The main objects of Demerged Company, as provided and set out in its 
memorandum of association are briefly as under: 
(a) To undertake, promote, assist or engage in all kinds of research and 
development work required to promote, assist or engage in setting up 
hospitals and facilities for manufacturing medical equipment. 
(b) To carry on the business of design, construction and running of all kinds 
of hospitals, dispensaries, clinics, laboratories and health clubs. 
(c) To design, manufacture, import, export, buy, sell, install, maintain and 
improve all kinds of equipment and instrumentation for hospitals, 
dispensaries, clinics, laboratories and health clubs. 
(d) To set up laboratories, purchase and acquire any equipment and 
instruments required for carrying out medical research. 
(e) To educate and train medical students, nurses, midwives, doctors, para-
medical technicians, other medical professionals and hospital 
administrators and to grant such diplomas or recognitions as the 
company may prescribe or deem fit from time to time and to outsource 
and place the nurses, doctors, para-medical technicians, and other 
medical professionals to clients in India and abroad on contractual/non-
contractual basis. 
(f) To buy, sell, manufacture, import, export, treat and deal in any kind of 
pharmaceuticals, chemicals, medicines and drugs. 
(g) To grant stipends, scholarships or any other assistance, monetary or 
otherwise to whomsoever to further the course of medicine and/or medical 
research. 
(h) To undertake to provide suitable hotel accommodation primarily for 
patients and their friends and relatives and to undertake all or any of the 
business activities incidental thereto. 
(i) To carry on in India and elsewhere all or any of the business of hoteliers 
and restauranteers, caterers, cab owners and hirers, pharmacy and drug 
house owners, travel agents, provisions and general merchants, theatre 
owners, proprietors of art saloons, beauty parlours, shopping arcades, 
health clubs and clubs delaing in sports, art and entertainment activities 
including music, dance and drama, and any other business which can be 
conveniently and efficiently carried on in connection therewith. 
 
27 (j) To act as consultants and render technical and managerial services in the 
field of medical research and running of multi-speciality hospitals, 
dispensaries, clinics, laboratories and health clubs. 
(iv) Demerged Company is, inter alia, engaged in all kinds of medical research and 
development; running and setting up multi-specialty and super-specialty hospitals 
offering a comprehensive range of medical services that include primary, 
secondary, tertiary, and quaternary care, setting up and operating pharmacies at 
its hospitals, and providing comprehensive, high quality hospital services. In 
addition to its hospital segment, Demerged Company is also engaged in the 
business activities of the Identified Business Undertaking, which is carried on by 
Demerged Company directly and through its subsidiary, Transferor Company 1. 
(v) During the last 5 (five) years, there has been no change in: (a) the object clause 
of its Memorandum of Association; (b) name; and (c) registered office of 
Demerged Company. 
(vi) The share capital structure of Demerged Company as on March 31, 2026, is as 
under: 
Share Capital Amount in Rs. 
Authorised Capital  
200,000,000 equity shares of INR 5 each; and 10,00,000 
preference shares of INR 100 each 1,10,00,00,000  
Total 1,10,00,00,000  
Issued Share Capital * 
144,317,675 equity shares of INR 5 each 72,15,88,375  
Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital   
143,784,657 equity shares of INR 5 each  71,89,23,285  
Total 71,89,23,285  
*The issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of Demerged Company does not 
include the 103,950 restricted stock units and 277,234 employee stock options 
aggregating to 3,81,184 units granted by Demerged Company (as on March 31, 2026).  
 
(vii) The audited accounts of Demerged Company for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025, is annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 3 . The unaudited financial 
results of Demerged Company as on December 31, 2025, is annexed hereto as 
ANNEXURE 4 . 
(viii) The details of the directors and promoters of Demerged Company as on March 
31, 2026,  along with their address are stated hereinbelow:  
(a) Directors  
 
28 S. 
No. Name Date of 
original 
appointment Age Designation DIN Address 
1. Prathap 
Chandra 
Reddy December 5, 
1979 94 Executive 
Director, 
Chairperson 
related to 
Promoter  00003654  19, Bishop 
Gardens, 
Raja 
Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai – 600 028  
2. Preetha 
Reddy February 3, 
1993 69 Executive 
Director, 00001871  5 Subba Rao 
Avenue, 
II Street, Chennai –  
600 006 
3. Suneeta 
Reddy May 1, 2000 67 Executive 
Director, MD 00001873  No. 14D Boat Club 
Road Raja 
Annamalaipuram 
Chennai – 600 028  
4. Shobana 
Kamineni February 1 , 
2010 66 Non- Executive 
- Non 
Independent 
Director 00003836  No.10-3-316-A, 
Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad – 500 
028 
5. Sangita 
Reddy July 31, 2000 64 Executive 
Director 00006285  H. No.8 -2-
674/B/2/12, 
Road No. 13, 
Banjara Hills,  
Hyderabad – 500 
034 
6. Pudugramam 
Murali 
Doraiswamy  September 27, 
2018 63 Non- Executive 
- Independent 
Director 08235560  25, Old No. 11, 
Beasant Avenue, 
Karpagam Garden, 
Adyar, Chennai –  
600 020 
7. Mandavilli 
Bhaskara 
Nageswara 
Rao February 9, 
2019 78 Non- Executive 
- Independent 
Director 00287260  No. 2 LH 1902,  
Lanco Hills 
Residential 
Towers, 
Gachibowli, 
Hyderabad – 500 
089 
8. Velagapudi 
Kavitha Dutt  February 9, 
2019 55 Non- Executive 
- Independent 
Director 00139274  No. 7 1st Crescent 
Park Road, Gandhi 
Nagar, Adyar, 
Chennai – 20  
9. Som Mittal July 21, 2021 74 Non- Executive 
- Independent 
Director 00074842  D-330, Sector 
47, Noida 201303, 
UP  
10. Rama 
Bijapurkar November 12, 
2021 69 Non- Executive 
- Independent 00001835  8/CD Mona 
Apartments, 46F 
 
29 S. 
No. Name Date of 
original 
appointment Age Designation DIN Address 
Director Bhulabhai Desai 
Road, Cumballa 
Hills, Mumbai –  
400026. 
 
(b) Promoters and Promoter Group  
S. 
No
. Name Categor
y Number of equity 
shares held in 
Demerged 
Company as on 
March 31, 2026   Address 
1. Prathap 
Chandra 
Reddy Promoter 2,45,464 19, Bishop Gardens, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028. 
2. Sucharitha 
P Reddy Promoter 1,69,800 19 Bishop Gardens, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028. 
3. Preetha 
Reddy Promoter 10,43,915 5 Subba Rao Avenue, II Street, 
Chennai – 600 006. 
4. Suneeta 
Reddy Promoter 29,37,066 No. 14D Boat Club Road, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028 
5. Shobana 
Kamineni Promoter 22,39,952 No.10-3-316-A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad – 500 028. 
6. Sangita 
Reddy Promoter 24,32,508 H. No.8-2-674/B/2/12, Road No. 
13, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad - 
500 034. 
7. Karthik 
Anand  Promoter 2,36,167 5 Subba Rao Avenue, II Street, 
Chennai - 600 006. 
8. Harshad 
Reddy Promoter 2,17,900 5 Subba Rao Avenue, II Street, 
Chennai – 600 006.  
9. Sindoori 
Reddy Promoter 3,18,600 No. 14D Boat Club Road, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028. 
10. Aditya 
Reddy Promoter 10,200 No. 14D Boat Club Road, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028. 
11. Upasana 
Konidela Promoter 2,17,276 Plot No. 303-N, Road No. 25, 
Jubilee Hills, Shaikpet, 
Hyderabad -500033. 
12. Puansh 
Kamineni Promoter 2,12,202 No.10-3-316-A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad – 500 028.  
 
30 S. 
No
. Name Categor
y Number of equity 
shares held in 
Demerged 
Company as on 
March 31, 2026   Address 
13. Anuspala 
Kamineni Promoter 2,59,174 No.10-3-316-A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad – 500 028.  
14. Konda 
Anindith 
Reddy Promoter 2,30,200 H. No.8-2-674/B/2/12, Road No. 
13, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 
500 034. 
15. Konda 
Vishwajit 
Reddy Promoter 2,22,300 H. No.8-2-674/B/2/12, Road No. 
13, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 
500 034. 
16. Konda 
Viraj 
Madhav 
Reddy Promoter 1,68,224 H. No.8-2-674/B/2/12, Road No. 
13, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 
500 034. 
17. Vijay 
Kumar 
Reddy Promoter 2,28,957 5 Subba Rao Avenue, II Street, 
Chennai – 600 006.  
18. Dwaraknat
h Reddy Promoter 18,000 No. 14D Boat Club Road, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600 
028. 
19. Anil 
Kamineni Promoter 20 No.10-3-316-A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad – 500 028.  
20. K 
Vishwesh
war Reddy Promoter 15,77,350 H. No.8-2-674/B/2/12, Road No. 
13, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 
500 034. 
21. PCR 
Investment
s Limited Promoter 2,72,23,124 Temple Trees, 19, Bishop 
Gardens, Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai 28, Chennai - 600028, 
Tamil Nadu, India. 
22. Obul 
Reddy 
Investment
s Pvt Ltd Promoter 11,200 Fourth Floor, Lakshmi Bhawan 
No. 609, Mount Road, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu, India, 600006. 
23. Indian 
Hospitals 
Corporatio
n Ltd Promoter 61,704 No 19 Bishop Garden Raja 
Annamalai Puram, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu, India, 600028. 
24. PPN 
Power 
Generating 
Co Pvt Ltd Promoter 
Group 5,827 Jhaver Plaza 3rd Floor, 1a 
Nungambakkam High Road 
Chennai-600034, Tamil Nadu, 
India. 
 
31  
(ix) The following directors and key managerial personnel (“ KMPs”) of Demerged 
Company hold shares in Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor 
Company 2 and/or Resultant Company: 
S. 
No. Name Designation Details of Shareholding in the 
Companies 
1.  Prathap C 
Reddy Executive Chairman  Demerged Company – 2,45,464 equity 
shares (0.17%) 
2. Preetha 
Reddy Executive Vice 
Chairperson Demerged Company – 10,43,915 equity 
shares (0.73%)  
3. Suneeta 
Reddy Managing Director, 
KMP Demerged Company – 29,37,066 equity 
shares (2.04%)  
4. Shobana 
Kamineni Non Executive 
Director Demerged Company – 22,39,952 equity 
shares (1.56%)  
Transferor Company 2 – 8,74,850 equity 
shares (12.73%) 
5. Sangita 
Reddy Joint Managing 
Director Demerged Company – 24,32,508 equity 
shares (1.69%)  
6. Velagapudi 
Kavitha Dutt Independent 
Director Demerged Company – 1,000 equity shares 
(0%) 
7. Mandavilli 
Bhaskara 
Nageswara 
Rao Independent 
Director Demerged Company – 400 equity shares 
(0%) 
8. Som Mittal Independent 
Director Demerged Company – 150 equity shares 
(0%) 
9. Krishnan 
Akhileswaran CFO, KMP Demerged Company – 4 equity shares (0%)  
 
2. Particulars of Transferor Company 1 
(i) Transferor Company 1 is a public unlisted company incorporated under the Act 
and has its registered office at 19, Bishop Gardens, R A Puram, Chennai, Tamil 
Nadu, India, 600028. Transferor Company 1 was incorporated on June 16, 2020, 
with the Registrar of Companies, Chennai. The Corporate Identification Number 
of Transferor Company 1 is U85110TN2020PLC135839. The Permanent 
Account Number of Transferor Company 1 is AATCA5622L. The email address 
of Transferor Company 1 is companysecretary@apollo247.org .  
(ii) The main objects of Transferor Company 1, as provided and set out in its 
memorandum of association are briefly as under: 
(a) To carry on in India and/or outside India the business of rendering 
technology lead healthcare services to help people manage their health 
 
32 and health data whenever and wherever and enable the patients to 
connect with the doctors at any time, provide unique ways of delivering 
health management and condition management solutions for all types 
of healthcare related issues through the use of online technology 
platforms of all kinds. 
(b) To carry on in India or outside India the business of dealing, buying, 
selling, reselling, importing, exporting, transporting, storing, 
developing, promoting, distributing, marketing, supplying and to act as 
trader, wholesaler, C&F agent, distributor, representative, franchiser, 
consultant, collaborator, stockist, export house in all types and grades 
of healthcare, personal care, pharmaceuticals, ayurvedic, siddha, 
allopathic, unani and other alternative medicines, fast moving 
consumer goods, nutraceuticals, health foods, medical devices, 
disinfectants, surgicals and to deal in any of the above activities through 
a technology/online platform/ applications or otherwise, both in 
internal and external markets. 
(c) To act as corporate agents for life insurance, general insurance and 
health insurance as defined under Insurance Regulatory and 
Development Authority Act 1999. 
(d) To engage in all activities which are incidental and allied or related to 
the insurance business. 
(iii) Transferor Company 1 is engaged in the business of procurement of 
pharmaceutical and other wellness products and wholesale distribution of such 
products to pharmacies and managing and operating a digital platform in the form 
of: (a) the mobile application titled “Apollo 24|7”, as available on Google Play 
Store or any other platform, and (b) www.apollo247.com, including all physical 
assets and infrastructure (including servers, hard drives, etc.) necessary to provide 
access to the platform and the platform services, but excluding all capabilities, 
assets, businesses and services relating to the retail sale of pharmaceutical and 
other products to platform subscribers (“ Apollo 24|7 digital platform ”). The 
Apollo 24|7 digital platform enables or facilitates: (i) booking and facilitation of 
online consultations, diagnostic and radiology test services, and scheduling or 
enabling physical consultations; (ii) lead generation, referral or marketing 
services for physical retail pharmacies and/or online storefronts in relation to 
retail sale of pharmaceuticals, OTC and FMCG (including wellness) products; 
(iii) provision of therapeutics solutions and related services through digital and/or 
virtual means (including any audio and/or video means) and/or AI enabled digital 
clinical intelligence engines (or other solutions which utilize data, clinical 
expertise or machine learning techniques); (iv) identification, marketing, 
distribution and/or sale of health insurance or other health coverage; and (v) 
ownership and/or marketing of private label brands for products sold through 
physical retail pharmacies and/or online pharmacy storefronts. 
(iv) During the last 5 (five) years, there has been no change in: (a) name; and (b) 
registered office of Transferor Company 1.  
(v) The object clause of the Memorandum of Association of Transferor Company 1 
 
33 was amended vide shareholder meeting held on March 23, 2024. 
(vi) The share capital structure of Transferor Company 1 as on March 31, 2026, is as 
under:  
Share Capital Amount in Rs. 
Authorised Capital  
45,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 10 each 4,50,00,00,000  
14,85,00,000 Class A fully and compulsorily 
convertible non-cumulative participating preference 
shares of INR 100 each 14,85,00,00,000  
9,90,00,000 Class B fully and compulsorily convertible 
non-cumulative participating preference shares of INR 
100 each 9,90,00,00,000  
Total 29,25,00,00,000  
Issued Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital  
41,11,99,477 equity shares of INR 10 each* 4,11,19,94,770  
14,85,00,000 Class A fully and compulsorily 
convertible non-cumulative participating preference 
shares of INR 100 each 14,85,00,00,000  
9,90,00,000 Class B fully and compulsorily convertible 
non-cumulative participating preference shares of INR 
100 each 9,90,00,00,000  
Total 28,86,19,94,770  
*The issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of Transferor Company 1 does 
not include the employee stock options pool consisting of 20,242,390 equity 
shares of Transferor Company 1 (which have not been issued as on March 31, 
2026).  
(vii) The audited accounts of Transferor Company 1 for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025, is annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 5 . The audited accounts of 
Transferor Company 1 as on March 31, 2026, is annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 
6.  
(viii) The details of the directors and promoters of Transferor Company 1 as on March 
31, 2026, along with their address are stated hereinbelow:  
(a) Directors  
S. 
No. Name Date of 
appointment  Age Designation  DIN Address 
1. Vinayak 
Chatterjee November 9, 
2022 66 Independent 
director 00008933  House No E- 2278, 
Palam Vihar, Choma 
(62), Gurgaon -122017 
 
34 S. 
No. Name Date of 
appointment  Age Designation  DIN Address 
2. Indu 
Bhushan November 9, 
2022 65 Independent 
director 09302960  B-31 Third Floor, West 
End Colony, Near Shanti 
Niketan, New Delhi -
110021 
3. Pottipati 
Aditya 
Reddy June 16, 
2020 42  Director 00482051  14-D, Boat Club road, 
Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai -600028  
4. Upasana 
Konidela June 16, 
2020 39  Director 02781278  Plot No. 303- N, Road 
No. 25, Jubilee Hills, 
Shaikpet, Hyderabad -
500033 
5. Shobana 
Kamineni June 16, 
2020 65  Executive 
Chairperson  00003836  10-3-316/A, Masab 
Tank, Hyderabad -
500028 
6. Konda 
Sangita 
Reddy June 16, 
2020 63  Director 00006285  8-2-674/B/10, Road No. 
13, Khairatabad, 
Hyderabad -500034  
7. Karthik 
Anand 
Reddy August 1, 
2024 43  Director 02354216  Old No. 5, New No. 6, 
2nd Street, Subba Rao 
Avenue, 
Nungambakkam, Greams 
Road, Chennai-600006  
8. Pankaj 
Patwari September 
27, 2024 46  Director 08206620  Flat No. A/4204, Omkar 
1973, Near Neelam 
Centre, Off Dr. Annie 
Besant Road, Worli, 
Mumbai 400 030  
9. Velagapudi 
Kavitha 
Dutt April 1, 2024  54 Independent 
Director 00139274  New No. 7, I Crescent 
Park Road, Gandhinaga r, 
Adyar, Chennai- 600020  
 
(b) Promoter and promoter group:  
S. 
No. Name Category  Number of 
equity shares 
held in 
Transferor 
Company 1 as 
on March 31, 
2026 Address 
1. Apollo Hospitals Promoter 40,94,68,4771 19 Bishop Gardens R A 
                                                
1 Please note that this includes 7 individual shareholders who are holding shares in Transferor Company 1 on behalf of Demerged 
Company 
 
35 Enterprise 
Limited Puram, Chenn ai, Tamil 
Nadu, India, 600028. 
2. Samudra Health 
Care Enterprises 
Limited  Promoter 
Group 4,01,296 Apollo Hospitals, Jubilee 
Hills, Hyderabad, Andhra 
Pradesh, Telangana, India, 
500033. 
 
(ix) The following directors and KMPs of Transferor Company 1 hold shares in 
Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and/or 
Resultant Company:  
S. 
No. Name2 Designation Details of Shareholding in the 
Companies 
1.  Upasana 
Konidela Director Demerged Company –2,17,276 equity 
shares (0.15%) 
2. Shobana 
Kamineni Director Demerged Company – 22,39,952 equity 
shares (1.56%)  
Transferor Company 2 – 8,74,850 equity 
shares (12.73%) 
3. Konda Sangita 
Reddy  Director Demerged Company – 24,32,508 equity 
shares (1.69%)  
4. Karthik Anand 
Reddy Director Demerged Company – 2,36,167 equity 
shares (0.16%)  
5. Pottipati Aditya 
Reddy  Director Demerged Company – 10,200 equity 
shares (0.01%) 
6. Velagapudi 
Kavitha Dutt Director Demerged Company – 1000 equity shares 
(0%) %) 
7. Madhivanan 
Balakrishnan Chief 
Executive 
Officer Transferor Company 1 – 1,37,886 equity 
shares (0.03%) 
8. Sanjiv Gupta Chief Financial 
Officer Transferor Company 1 – 4,95,909 equity 
shares (0.12%) 
 
3. Particulars of Transferor Company 2 
(i) Transferor Company 2  is a private limited company incorporated under the 1956 
Act, having its registered office at 19 Bishop Gardens R A Puram, Chennai, Tamil 
Nadu, India, 600028. Transferor Company 2 was incorporated on March 10, 
2000, with the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad. The Corporate Identification 
Number of Transferor Company 2 is U72200TN2000PTC179280. The 
Permanent Account Number of Transferor Company 2 is AABCK4532F. The 
                                                
2 Please note that this does not include the names of 7 individual shareholders who are holding shares in Transferor Company 1 
on behalf of Demerged Company. 
 
36 email address of Transferor Company 2 is cs@keimed.com.  
(ii) The main objects of Transferor Company 2, as provided and set out in its 
memorandum of association are briefly as under: 
(a) “To carry on the business of producers, processors, exporters, importers, 
distributors, traders, merchants, dealers, representatives, selling agents, 
wholesalers, retailers, suppliers and stockists in proprietary medicines, 
common medicinal preparations, vitamin preparations, drops, tonics, 
other liquid drugs and medicines, injections, tablets, capsules, lotions, 
ointments, cosmetic and toilet requisites, medicinal preparations 
containing antibiotics, creams and powders, surgical consumables, 
scientific apparatus and equipment for hospitals, fast moving consumer 
products (FMCG) and including all types of organic and inorganic 
chemicals and bulk drugs. 
(b) To carry on the business of vialling, bottling, packing, repacking and of 
capsules, syrups, tablets, injectables, aerosols and ointments. 
(c) To carry on E-Commerce supply chain management, through Internet for 
medical, surgical and other hospital related materials such as drugs, 
chemicals, surgical disposables, instruments, equipment and other 
related items for hospitals, retail pharmacies, government and other 
private organizations.”  
(iii) Transferor Company 2 is engaged in the business of wholesale distribution of 
pharmaceutical, healthcare and wellness products. 
(iv) During the last 5 (five) years, there has been no change (a) in the object clause of 
its Memorandum of Association; and (b) name, of Transferor Company 2. 
(v) The registered office of Transferor Company 2 was shifted from the state of 
Telangana to Tamil Nadu and Transferor Company 2 altered its memorandum of 
association by way of a special resolution. Such alteration was confirmed by the 
Regional Director vide order dated November 21, 2024.  
(vi) The share capital structure of Transferor Company 2 as on March 31, 2026, is as 
under:  
Share Capital Amount in Rs. 
Authorised Capital  
6,20,10,000 equity shares of INR 10 each 62,01,00,000  
Total 62,01,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital   
68,72,937 equity shares of INR 10 each  6,87,29,370  
Total 6,87,29,370  
 
 
 
37 (vii) The audited accounts of Transferor Company 2 for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2025,  is annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 7 . The audited financial 
statement of Transferor Company 2 as on December 31, 2025, is annexed hereto 
as ANNEXURE 8 .  
(viii) The details of the directors and promoters of Transferor Company 2 as on March 
31, 2026, along with their address are stated hereinbelow: 
(a) Directors:  
S. 
No. Name Date of 
appointmen
t Ag
e Designation DIN Address 
1.  Arvind 
Kumar 
Venkat January 31, 
2015 66 Professional 
managing 
director 023
046
18 Flat No-702, NCC 
Urban Garednia 
Block BT-2, 
Diamond Hills, 
Gachibowli, K V 
Rangareddy, 
Hyderabad, 
Telangana -500032, 
India 
2.  Puansh 
Kamine
ni April 15, 
2018 31 Promoter 
whole-time 
director 081
176
26 10-3-316/A, Masab 
Tank, Hyderabad, 
Telangana -500028, 
India 
3.  Shobana 
Kamine
ni October 18, 
2007 65 Promoter 
director 000
038
36 10-3-316/A, Masab 
Tank, Hyderabad, 
Telangana -500028, 
India 
4.  Pankaj 
Patwari October 03, 
2024 46 Professional 
director 082
066
20 Flat No. A/4204, 
Omkar 1973, Near 
Neelam Centre, Off 
Dr Annie Besant 
Road, Worli, 
Mumbai - 400030, 
India 
5.  Raj 
Shankar April 19, 
2023 67 Professional 
director 002
387
90 1 Tanjong Rhu Road 
#19-04, Singapore -
436879 
 
(b) Promoters and Promoter Group:  
 
38 S. 
No
. Name Category  Number of equity 
shares held in 
Transferor Company 
2 as on March 31, 
2026  Address  
1.  Anil 
Kamineni  Promoter 18,11,731 10-3-316/A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 
500028, India 
2. Shobana 
Kamineni  Promoter 8,74,850 10-3-316/A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 
500028, India  
3. Puansh 
Kamineni  Promoter 3,09,650 10-3-316/A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 
500028, India  
4. Prime 
Time 
Logistics 
Technolo
gies 
Private 
Limited Promoter 11,89,792 10-3-316/A, Masab Tank, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 
500028, India 
5. Family 
Health 
Plan 
Insurance 
TPA 
Limited Promoter 11,07,710  MCH No 8/2/269/A/2/ 1 to 6, 
Ground Floor, Srinilaya 
Cyber Spazio, Road No.2, 
Banjara Hills, Banjara Hills, 
Hyderabad, Khairatabad, 
Telangana - 500034, India 
6. Apollo 
Healthco 
Limited Promoter 7,69,014 19 Bishop Garden R A 
Puram, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
- 600028, India  
 
(ix) The following directors and KMPs of Transferor Company 2 hold shares in 
Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and/or 
Resultant Company:  
S. 
No. Name Designation Details of Shareholding in the 
Companies 
1.  Arvind Kumar Venkat Director Transferor Company 2 - 11,631 
equity shares (0.17%) 
2.  Shobana Kamineni Director Demerged Company - 22,39,952 
equity shares (1.56%)  
Transferor Company 2 – 8,74,850 
equity shares (12.73%) 
 
 
39 S. 
No. Name Designation Details of Shareholding in the 
Companies 
3.  Puansh Kamineni 
 Director Demerged Company – 2,12,202 
equity shares (0.15%)  
Transferor Company 2 – 3,09,650 
equity shares (4.51%) 
 
4. Particulars of Resultant Company: 
(i) Resultant Company  is a public limited company incorporated under the Act, 
having its registered office at 19, Bishop Gardens, Raja Annamalaipuram, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600028. Resultant Company was incorporated on 
May 15, 2025, with the Registrar of Companies, Chennai. The CIN of Resultant 
Company is U63122TN2025PLC180534. The PAN of Resultant Company is 
ABCCA9131A. The email address of Resultant Company is 
obulreddy@apollopharmacy.org.  
(ii) The shares of Resultant Company are currently not listed on either BSE or NSE. 
Subsequent to the effectiveness of the Scheme in accordance with law, the equity 
shares of Resultant Company shall be listed on BSE and NSE, in compliance with 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India master circular titled “Master Circular 
on (i) Scheme of Arrangement by Listed Entities and (ii) Relaxation under Sub-
rule(7) of rule 19 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957”, dated 
June 20, 2023, (bearing reference number: SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93) and all amendments thereto, in accordance with the Scheme.  
(iii) The main objects of Resultant Company, as provided and set out in its 
memorandum of association are briefly as under: 
(a) To carry on in India and / or outside India the business of rendering 
technology lead healthcare services to help people manage their health 
and health data whenever and wherever and enable the patients to 
connect with the Doctors any time, provide unique ways of delivering 
health management and condition management solutions for all types of 
healthcare related issues through the use of online technology platforms 
of all kinds.  
(b) To carry on in India or outside India the business of dealing, buying, 
selling, reselling, importing, exporting, transporting, storing, developing, 
promoting, distributing, marketing, supplying and to act as trader, 
wholesaler, C&F Agent, distributor, representative, franchiser, 
consultant, collaborator, stockist, export house in all types and grades of 
healthcare, personal care, pharmaceuticals, ayurvedic, siddha, 
allopathic, unaniand, other alternate medicines, fast moving consumer 
goods, nutraceuticals, health foods, medical devices, disinfectants, 
surgicals and to deal in any of the above activities through a technology/ 
online platform/ applications or otherwise, both in internal and external 
markets. 
 
40 (iv) Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, Resultant Company will be engaged 
in, inter alia, (a) the omni channel pharmacy distribution business, being the 
business of procurement of pharmaceutical and other wellness products and 
wholesale distribution of such products to pharmacies; and (b) the digital 
healthcare platform business, comprising: (A) business of development, 
operation and management of the Apollo 24|7 online platform, and (B) the 
telehealth business of Demerged Company, consisting of: providing 24*7 tele-
emergency services, including specialist teleconsultation services and primary 
healthcare services at tele-emergency centres; operating and maintaining mobile 
medical units / mobile health units; and setting up, operating, and maintain digital 
dispensaries, in each case, at government and corporate client sites.  
(v) Since the incorporation of Resultant Company, there has been no change (a) in 
the object clause of its memorandum of association; (b) name; and (c) registered 
office of Resultant Company. 
(vi) The share capital structure of Resultant Company as on March 31, 2026, is as 
under: 
Share Capital Amount in 
Rs. 
Authorised Capital  
2,50,00,000 equity shares of INR 2 each 5,00,00,000  
Total 5,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital   
4,50,000 equity shares of INR 2 each  9,00,000 
Total 9,00,000  
 
(vii) The audited accounts of Resultant Company for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2026, is annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 9 .  
(viii) The details of the directors and promoters of Resultant Company as on March 31, 
2026, along with their address are stated hereinbelow: 
(a) Directors  
S. 
No. Name Date of 
appoint-
ment Age Designatio
n DIN Address 
1. Singana Obul 
Reddy June 19, 
2025 64 Additional 
director 00027829  No. 55, Second Cross 
Street, TVS Nagar 
Annex, Korattur, 
Thiruvallur-600076, 
Tamil Nadu  
2. Shobana 
Kamineni May 15, 
2025 65 Promoter 
director 00003836  No.10-3-316-A, 
Masab Tank, 
 
41 S. 
No. Name Date of 
appoint-
ment Age Designatio
n DIN Address 
Hyderabad – 500 028 
3. Jayakumar 
Panduranagan May 15, 
2025 52 Promoter 
director 07506688  Flat No. C- 2001, 
Aparna Sarovar, 
Kancha, Gachibowli, 
near Lingampall y 
Station, 
Serilingampally, K. V. 
Rangareddy, 
Telangana-500046  
4. Madhivanan 
Balakrishnan May 15, 
2025 56 Professiona
l director 01426902  B-1305, Ashok 
Towers, Dr. S.S. Rao 
Road, Opp Gandhi 
Hospital, Parel, 
Mumbai, 
Maharashtra-400012 
 
(b) Promoters and Promoter Group  
S. 
No
. Name Category  Number of equity shares 
held in Resultant 
Company as on March 31, 
2026  Address 
1. Apollo Hospitals 
Enterprise 
Limited Promoter 4,50,000 19 Bishop 
Gardens R A 
Puram, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu, 
India, 600028 
* Please note that there exist 7 (seven) individuals holding shares on behalf of the 
Demerged Company in the Resultant Company  
 
(ix) The following directors and KMPs of Resultant Company hold shares in 
Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and/or 
Resultant Company: 
S. 
No. Name Designation  Details of Shareholding in the 
Companies 
1.  Shobana Kamineni Director Demerged Company – 22,39,952 equity 
shares (1.56%)  
Transferor Company 2 – 8,74,850 
equity shares (12.73%)  
2.  Madhivanan 
Balakrishnan Director Transferor Company 1 – 1,37,886 
equity shares (0.03%) 
 
 
42 B. Rationale and benefit of the Scheme. 
The board of directors of the Companies have determined and believe that the Scheme is 
commercially viable, feasible, fair, reasonable and in the best interest of the stakeholders 
of each of the Companies, inter alia, for the reasons set out below: 
1. Demerged Company is one of the leading healthcare service providers in India 
and is engaged in various healthcare services, including the business activities of 
the Identified Business Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) , which is carried 
on by Demerged Company directly and through its subsidiary, Transferor 
Company 1; 
2. The Scheme would enable carving-out of the Identified Business Undertaking (as 
defined in the Scheme) , which is distinct from other businesses undertaken by 
Demerged Company, and necessitates a differentiated strategy aligned to its 
industry specific risks, market dynamics, and growth trajectory. The demerger of 
the Identified Business Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) into Resultant 
Company will enable both Demerged Company and Resultant Company to focus 
on their respective businesses, efficient management, and control and to exploit 
business opportunities more efficiently and effectively; 
3. The Scheme would also result in consolidation of pharmacy distribution business 
of Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2, in an independent company 
focusing exclusively on digital health and pharmacy distribution, enabling 
synergies; 
4. The Scheme would enable creation of a separate vehicle, thereby enabling 
exclusive focus on sector specific opportunities, operational efficiency, costs 
rationalization, streamlining statutory compliances, and optimal allocation and 
utilization of resources for all stakeholders; 
5. The Scheme is expected to enable Resultant Company to build a wider capital 
and financial base, by attracting a different set of investors, strategic partners, 
lenders and stakeholders, as well as promoting overall business growth; 
6. Integration of supply chain, achieving higher availability and larger assortment 
of products; 
7. Improved transparency in the supply chain preventing the entry of counterfeit or 
substandard medicines into the ecosystem; 
8. Better administrative efficiency; 
9. Ability to leverage financial and operational resources; and  
10. Enhanced managerial and board focus, costs rationalization, and achieving 
business integration and economies of scale. 
C. Salient Features of the Scheme 
The salient features of the Scheme, inter alia,  are as follows:  
 
43 1. Relevant definitions as per Clause 1.3 of the Scheme:  
(i) “AHL Promoter ” shall refer to Ms. Shobana Kamineni (the promoter of 
Transferor Company 1);  
(ii) “Appointed Date ” means the Effective Date, being the date from which 
each of Part III, Part V, and Part VI of the Scheme shall be deemed to be 
effective; 
(iii) “Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio ” has the meaning assigned to such 
term in Clause 3.7.3; 
(iv) “Effective Date ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 9.1.1 of 
the Scheme. Any references in the Scheme to “upon the Scheme becoming 
effective” or “effectiveness of the Scheme” and other similar phrases 
means and refers to the Effective Date; 
(v) “Rasmeli” shall refer to Rasmeli Limited (an existing shareholder of 
Transferor Company 1);  
(vi) “Rights Issue Shares ” means 9,95,50,000 (Nine Crore Ninety Five Lakh 
Fifty Thousand) equity shares of Resultant Company to be offered to the 
equity shareholders of Resultant Company by way of a rights issue; 
(vii) “Rights Issue Subscription Amount ” means INR 19,91,00,000 (Indian 
Rupees Nineteen Crore Ninety One Lakh only), being the aggregate 
consideration to be paid by such equity shareholders of Resultant Company 
who subscribe to the Rights Issue Shares; 
(viii) “Transferor Company 1 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio ” has the 
meaning assigned to such term in Clause 5.5.3 of the Scheme; 
(ix) “Transferor Company 2 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio ” has the 
meaning assigned to such term in Clause 6.4.2 of the Scheme;  
(x) “Upside Recipients ” has the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 8.1 
of the Scheme. 
Other Capitalised terms not defined herein above and used in this paragraph C, 
shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Scheme. 
2. The Scheme provides for demerger of the Identified Business Undertaking of 
Demerged Company into Resultant Company, amalgamation of Transferor 
Company 1 with and into Resultant Company, amalgamation of Transferor 
Company 2 with and into Resultant Company and the consequent listing of equity 
shares of Resultant Company on the Stock Exchanges and admission to trading. 
3. Upon the demerger of Demerged Company’s Identified Business Undertaking 
into Resultant Company, in consideration of such demerger, fully paid-up equity 
shares of Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Demerged Company as on Record Date 1 ( as defined in the 
Scheme) in accordance with the Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in 
 
44 the Scheme ). 
4. Upon the amalgamation of Transferor Company 1 with and into Resultant 
Company, Transferor Company 1 shall stand dissolved without being wound up 
and in consideration of such amalgamation, Resultant Company will issue equity 
shares to the eligible shareholders of Transferor Company 1 as on Record Date 2 
(as defined in the Scheme ) in accordance with Transferor Company 1 Merger 
Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ).  
5. Upon the amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 with and into Resultant 
Company, Transferor Company 2 shall stand dissolved without being wound up, 
and in consideration of such amalgamation, Resultant Company will issue fully 
paid-up equity shares to the eligible shareholders of Transferor Company 2 as on 
Record Date 3 ( as defined in the Scheme ), in accordance with Transferor 
Company 2 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
6. Pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and upon fulfilment of 
conditions for the Scheme, the Scheme is proposed to be effective from the 
Appointed Date ( as defined in the Scheme ) and operative from the Effective Date 
(as defined in the Scheme ). 
7. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the authorised preference share capital of 
Transferor Company 1 shall be re-categorised as authorised equity share capital 
of Transferor Company 1; and such re-categorised authorised share capital of 
Transferor Company 1 shall stand transferred to and be merged/amalgamated 
with the authorised share capital of Resultant Company, which shall result in a 
consequential increase in the authorised share capital of Resultant Company, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Scheme. 
8. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the authorised equity share capital of 
Transferor Company 2 shall be transferred to and be merged/amalgamated with 
the authorised share capital of Resultant Company, which shall result in a 
consequential increase in the authorised share capital of Resultant Company in 
accordance with the provisions of the Scheme .  
9. With respect to the employee stock options, if any, which have been granted by 
Transferor Company 1, upon the Scheme becoming effective, Resultant Company 
shall formulate and establish an employee stock option plan or other stock 
incentive scheme or benefit programme, in accordance with the applicable laws, 
and grant such options or securities in Resultant Company similar to or 
substantially similar to the rights that the respective holders has under Transferor 
Company 1 ESOP Plan ( as defined in the Scheme ), respectively, to the extent 
permitted under applicable laws and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Scheme.  
10. The Scheme provides for an upside share arrangement between the AHL promoter 
and Rasmeli (an investor holding shares of Transferor Company 1, a material 
subsidiary of Demerged Company), wherein pursuant to an upside share 
agreement dated June 30, 2025 (“ Upside Agreement ”) between Rasmeli and the 
AHL Promoter, Rasmeli has agreed to share an agreed portion of the upside 
received by it (and its affiliates) pursuant to its investment into Transferor 
 
45 Company 1 with the AHL Promoter and the identified employees of Transferor 
Company 1 (or any successor entity), its (existing and future) subsidiaries and 
(existing and future) associate companies, in order to incentivise the management 
of such companies. The key terms of such arrangement are set out in Part VIII of 
the Scheme. Upon the effectiveness of the Scheme, the obligation of Rasmeli to 
provide upside (in relation to its shareholding in Transferor Company 1) to the 
Upside Recipients would stand automatically linked to the shareholding of 
Rasmeli in Resultant Company. In terms of Clause 8.5 of the Scheme, upon the 
Scheme being approved by the Board and requisite majority of the shareholders 
of the companies involved in the Scheme pursuant to Sections 230-232 and other 
relevant provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the SEBI Circular and 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, if applicable, the consent of the Board of 
Directors and members of the companies involved in the Scheme shall also be 
deemed to be their consent for the approval of the Upside Agreement, under 
applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the relevant 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including Regulation 26(6) thereof) 
and the articles of association of the relevant company, as may be applicable, and 
no further resolutions or actions, shall be separately required to be passed/ 
undertaken in this respect.  
11. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the board of directors of Resultant 
Company shall be reconstituted as follows: (i) AHL Promoter; (ii) 3 (three) 
directors nominated by the Resultant Company Promoters; (iii) 1 (one) director 
nominated by Demerged Company; (iv) 1 (one) director nominated by Rasmeli; 
and (v) 6 (six) independent directors. In terms of Clause 9.5.3. of the 
Scheme, as re-constitution of the Board on the Effective Date, as contemplated in 
the Scheme, are integral parts of the Scheme, upon the Scheme being approved 
by the requisite majority of the shareholders of the companies involved in the 
Scheme pursuant to Sections 230-232 and other relevant provisions of the Act and 
rules made thereunder, the SEBI Circular and the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, if 
applicable, the members of the companies involved in the Scheme shall also be 
deemed to be their consent for the reconstitution of the Board of Resultant 
Company in the manner described above, including under applicable provisions 
of the Act and rules made thereunder, the relevant provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and the articles of association of Resultant Company, as may 
be applicable, for the aforesaid appointments to the board of directors of Resultant 
Company, and no further resolutions or actions, including compliance with any 
procedural requirements, shall be separately required to be passed/ undertaken in 
this respect, for making such alteration in the articles of association of Resultant 
Company. 
12. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, AHL Promoter shall be appointed as the 
executive chairperson of the board of Resultant Company, on the terms and 
conditions as may be agreed between Resultant Company and AHL Promoter. In 
terms of Clause 9.5.3 of the Scheme, as appointment of AHL Promoter as 
executive chairperson of the Board of Resultant Company on the Effective Date, 
 
46 as contemplated in the Scheme, are integral parts of the Scheme, upon the Scheme 
being approved by the Board and requisite majority of the shareholders of the 
companies involved in the Scheme pursuant to Sections 230-232 and other 
relevant provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the SEBI Circular and 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, if applicable, the consent of the members of 
the companies involved in the Scheme shall also be deemed to be their consent 
for the appointment of AHL Promoter as executive chairperson of the Board of 
Resultant Company, including under Section 196 of the Act and/or any other 
applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the relevant 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and the articles of association of 
Resultant Company, as may be applicable, and no further resolutions or actions, 
including compliance with any procedural requirements, shall be separately 
required to be passed/ undertaken in this respect, for making such alteration in the 
articles of association of Resultant Company. 
13. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the articles of association of Resultant 
Company shall stand amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 4 of 
the Scheme. 
14. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, and subject to such compliances and 
requisite approvals of governmental authorities as may be required under 
applicable laws, the name of Resultant Company shall stand changed to ‘Apollo 
Healthco Limited’ or such other name as approved by the Board of Resultant 
Company. 
15. The concerned companies shall account for the Scheme in their respective books/ 
financial statements in accordance with applicable Indian Accounting Standards 
(“Ind-AS”) prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules 
issued thereunder as amended from time to time. 
16. The Scheme is subject to various conditions precedent as specified in the Scheme, 
including:  
(i) the Scheme being approved and sanctioned by the Tribunal under Sections 
230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Act; 
(ii) receipt of the no-objection/ observation letter from the Stock Exchanges 
by Demerged Company in relation to the Scheme;  
(iii) the Scheme being approved by the requisite majority of each class of 
shareholders / creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme as may 
be required under the Act or any other applicable law or as may be directed 
by the Tribunal; 
(iv) Resultant Company having issued and allotted the Rights Issue Shares to 
the equity shareholders of Resultant Company by way of a rights issue in 
consideration of the contribution of the Rights Issue Subscription Amount 
by such equity shareholders, in accordance with applicable law, such that 
the capital structure of Resultant Company immediately following the 
 
47 allotment of the Rights Issue Shares to equity shareholders of Resultant 
Company is as set out in Clause 2.2.2(i)3; 
(v) receipt of requisite corporate approvals required under applicable law by 
Demerged Company and Transferor Company 1 in relation to the business 
framework agreement (“ Business Framework Agreement ”) executed 
between Demerged Company and Transferor Company 1 and the Brand 
Governance Agreement ( as defined in the Business Framework 
Agreement ) (the key terms of the Business Framework Agreement are set 
out in ANNEXURE 10 );  
(vi) receipt of the requisite consent, approval or permission of statutory or 
regulatory authorities which may be necessary for the implementation of 
the Scheme, including approval of the Competition Commission of India 
and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, in 
accordance with the provisions of applicable laws, to consummate the 
Scheme and other transactions contemplated under the Scheme, in each 
case, in a form and substance satisfactory to each of the companies 
involved in the Scheme; and  
(vii) the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal sanctioning the Scheme 
being filed by each of the Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, 
Transferor Company 2 and Resultant Company, with the relevant 
jurisdictional registrar of companies in terms of Section 232(5) of the Act. 
The above are only the salient features of the Scheme. The equity shareholders 
and unsecured creditors of Demerged Company are requested to read the entire 
text of the Scheme to get acquainted with the terms and conditions as set out in 
the Scheme. 
D. Relationship subsisting between the companies 
1. Resultant Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Demerged Company.  
2. Transferor Company 1 is a material subsidiary of Demerged Company, and the 
business activities of the Identified Business Undertaking are undertaken by 
Demerged Company through Transferor Company 1. Demerged Company is a 
promoter and the holding company of Transferor Company 1 and holds 
40,94,68,4774 (forty crore ninety-four lakh sixty-eight thousand four hundred 
seventy-seven)  equity shares in Transferor Company 1.  
3. Transferor Company 1 is a promoter of Transferor Company 2 and holds 
7,69,014 equity shares in Transferor Company 2.  
4. Ms. Shobana Kamineni is a director of Demerged Company, Transferor 
Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and Resultant Company. Further, Ms. 
Shobana Kamineni is a promoter of Transferor Company 2 and Demerged 
                                                
3 Clause 2.2.2.(i) of the Scheme provides the post-Scheme capital structure of Demerged Company. 
4 Please note that this includes 7 individual shareholders who are holding shares in Transferor Company 1 on behalf of Demerged 
Company 
 
48 Company.  
E. Interest of Directors / KMPs and their relatives.  
1. In terms of the Scheme and pursuant to the Scheme becoming effective, Ms. 
Shobana Kamineni, a director of Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1 
and Transferor Company 2, will be appointed as the executive chairperson on 
the board of Resultant Company.  
2. 1 (one) director will be nominated on the board of directors of Resultant 
Company by Demerged Company pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme.  
3. Further, the interest of the directors/ KMPs of Resultant Company, Demerged 
Company, Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 is restricted to the 
extent of their shareholding in Resultant Company, Demerged Company, 
Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 (as applicable). 
F. Pre and post-Scheme shareholding pattern of the companies involved in the Scheme 
along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of the draft Scheme 
and the date of this notice to shareholders 
1. The pre-Scheme and expected post-Scheme shareholding pattern of Resultant 
Company (as submitted to the Stock Exchanges) is annexed as Part A of 
ANNEXURE 11 ; 
2. The pre-scheme and expected post-Scheme shareholding pattern of Demerged 
Company (as submitted to the Stock Exchanges) is annexed as Part B of 
ANNEXURE 11 ; 
3. The pre-scheme shareholding pattern of the Transferor Company 1 (as submitted 
to the Stock Exchanges) is annexed as Part C of ANNEXURE 11 ;  
4. The pre-scheme shareholding pattern of the Transferor Company 2 (as submitted 
to the Stock Exchanges) is annexed as Part D of ANNEXURE 11 ; and 
5. The expected shareholding of companies involved in the Scheme at each stage 
of the Scheme (as submitted to the Stock Exchanges) is annexed as Part E of 
Annexure 11 . 
6. There has been no change in the shareholding pattern of any of Transferor 
Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and the Resultant Company that has 
occurred between approval of draft Scheme by the respective board of directors 
and the date of this notice. It may be noted that the shareholding of promoter and 
promoter group of the Demerged Company has been reduced from 4,21,84,368 
(29.34%), as on the date of approval of Scheme by the board of directors to 
4,02,87,130 (28.02%) as on March 31, 2026.  
G. Capital Structure5  
                                                
5 Please note that Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 shall stand dissolved without being wound-up upon the 
effectiveness of the Scheme. 
 
49 1. Demerged Company  
(i) Pre-Scheme capital structure 
The capital structure of Demerged Company as of March 31, 2026, is as under:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR  
Authorised Capital 
200,000,000 equity shares of INR 5 each; and 10,00,000 
preference shares of INR 100 each 1,10,00,00,000  
Total 1,10,00,00,000  
Issued Share Capital* 
144,317,675 equity shares of INR 5 each 72,15,88,375  
Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
143,784,657 equity shares of INR 5 each 71,89,23,285  
Total 71,89,23,285  
*The issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of Demerged Company does not 
include the 103,950 restricted stock units and 277,234 employee stock options 
aggregating to 3,81,184 units granted by Demerged Company (as on March 31, 2026).  
(ii) Post-Scheme capital structure 
The expected capital structure of Demerged Company immediately post demerger of the 
Identified Business Undertaking from Demerged Company into Resultant Company, is 
as follows:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR  
Authorised Capital 
20,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 5 each; and 10,00,000 
preference shares of INR 100 each 1,10,00,00,000  
Total 1,10,00,00,000  
Issued Share Capital 
14,43,17,675 equity shares of INR 5 each 72,15,88,375  
Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
14,37,84,657 equity shares of INR 5 each 71,89,23,285  
 
50 Total 71,89,23,285  
 
2. Transferor Company 1 
(i) Pre-Scheme capital structure 
The capital structure of Transferor Company 1 as of March 31, 2026, is as under:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR 
Authorised Capital 
45,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 10 each 4,50,00,00,000  
14,85,00,000 Class A fully and compulsorily convertible non -
cumulative participating preference shares of INR 100 each 14,85,00,00,000  
9,90,00,000 Class B fully and compulsorily convertible non-
cumulative participating preference shares of INR 100 each 9,90,00,00,000  
Total 29,25,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
41,11,99,477 equity shares of INR 10 each*  4,11,19,94,770  
14,85,00,000 Class A fully and compulsorily convertible non -
cumulative participating preference shares of INR 100 each 14,85,00,00,000  
9,90,00,000 Class B fully and compulsorily convertible non-
cumulative participating preference shares of INR 100 each 9,90,00,00,000  
Total 28,86,19,94,770  
 
*The issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of Transferor Company 1 does not 
include the employee stock options pool consisting of 20,242,390 equity shares of 
Transferor Company 1 (which have not been issued as on March 31, 2026).  
 
3. Transferor Company 2 
(i) Pre-Scheme capital structure 
The capital structure of Transferor Company 2 as of March 31, 2026, is as under:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR
Authorised Capital 
6,20,10,000 equity shares of INR 10 each 62,01,00,000  
 
51 Total 62,01,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
68,72,937 equity shares of INR 10 each 6,87,29,370  
Total 6,87,29,370  
 
4. Resultant Company 
(i) Pre-Scheme capital structure 
The capital structure of Resultant Company as of March 31, 2026, is as 
under:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR
Authorised Capital 
2,50,00,000 equity shares of INR 2 each 5,00,00,000  
Total 5,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
4,50,000 equity shares of INR 2 each  9,00,000  
Total 9,00,000 
  
Resultant Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Demerged Company. Demerged 
Company and its nominees (for the purposes of ensuring compliance with the provisions of 
the Act, which requires a public limited company to have at least 7 (seven) shareholders) 
legally and beneficially hold 100% (one hundred per cent.) equity shares in Resultant 
Company.  
 
(ii) Post-Scheme capital structure 
The expected capital structure of Resultant Company post issuance and allotment of the 
Rights Issue Shares but prior to: (a) demerger of the Identified Business Undertaking from 
Demerged Company into Resultant Company, (b) amalgamation of Transferor Company 1 
into and with Resultant Company, and (c) the amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 into 
and with Resultant Company, is as follows:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR
Authorised Capital* 
2,50,00,000 equity shares of INR 2 each 5,00,00,000  
 
52 Total 5,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
10,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 2 each 20,00,00,000  
Total 20,00,00,000  
 
 *The authorised share capital of Resultant Company shall be increased by Resultant 
Company to permit the issue of the Rights Issue Shares and Demerger Consideration 
Shares. 
 
The expected capital structure of Resultant Company immediately post the demerger of the 
Identified Business Undertaking from Demerged Company into Resultant Company, 
amalgamation of Transferor Company 1 into and with Resultant Company and the 
amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 into and with Resultant Company, is as follows:  
 
Share Capital  Amount in INR
Authorised Capital* 
14,96,00,50,000 equity shares of INR 2 each 29,92,01,00,000  
Total 29,92,01,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital** 
66,68,95,496 equity shares of INR 2 each 1,33,37,90,992  
Total 1,33,37,90,992  
 
*The authorised share capital of Resultant Company shall be increased by Resultant 
Company to permit the issue of the Rights Issue Shares and Demerger Consideration 
Shares (as defined in the Scheme). 
 
**The issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of Resultant Company is subject to 
minor variations on account of any of the Demerger Consideration Shares, Transferor 
Company 1 Merger Consideration Shares, or Transferor Company 2 Merger 
Consideration Shares issued to the relevant shareholders in terms of the Scheme being 
fractional numbers (it being clarified that such fractional entitlements shall be dealt with 
in the manner provided in the Scheme). 
H. Effect of the Scheme on the equity shareholders, key managerial personnel(s), 
employees, directors, promoters, non-promoter members, depositors, debenture 
holders, deposit trustee and debenture trustee and creditors of the companies 
The effect of the Scheme on the equity shareholders, KMPs, employees, directors, 
promoters, non-promoter members, depositors, debenture holders, deposit trustee, 
debenture trustee and creditors of Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor 
 
53 Company 2 and Resultant Company respectively is specified in the respective reports 
adopted by the board of directors of Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 at the 
board meetings held on June 27, 2025, and by the board of directors of Demerged Company 
and Resultant Company at the board meetings held on June 30, 2025, pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act and which are annexed hereto and marked as 
ANNEXURE 12, ANNEXURE 13, ANNEXURE 14 and ANNEXURE 15 , respectively.  
In addition, at the meeting of the audit committee of Demerged Company and Transferor 
Company 1, dated June 30, 2025, and June 27, 2025, respectively, the respective 
committees approved the draft Scheme, inter-alia , taking on record, the cost-benefit 
analysis and the synergies of the business involved in the Scheme. The report dated June 
30, 2025, of Demerged Company, is annexed hereto and marked as ANNEXURE 16 . 
Brief details of: (a) the impact of the Scheme on the equity shareholders, creditors and 
KMPs of Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and 
Resultant Company (as applicable); and (b) cost-benefit analysis of the Scheme, are set out 
below: 
1. The impact of the Scheme on shareholders of Demerged Company, Transferor 
Company 1, Resultant Company and Transferor Company 2: 
(i) Shareholders  (including promoters and non-promoters): 
(a) In the opinion of board of Demerged Company, the Scheme will not be 
detrimental to the shareholders of Demerged Company and will be 
advantageous and beneficial to Demerged Company and its 
shareholders for the reasons set out in the rationale of the Scheme, and 
the terms thereof are fair and reasonable.  
 
(b) In connection with the effect of the Scheme on the shareholders of 
Demerged Company, the fully paid-up equity shares of Resultant 
Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible shareholders of 
Demerged Company as on Record Date 1 (as defined in the Scheme)  as 
per the Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio (as defined in the Scheme) ; 
 
(c) In connection with the effect of the Scheme on the shareholders of 
Transferor Company 1, the fully paid-up equity shares of Resultant 
Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible shareholders of 
Transferor Company 1 on Record Date 2 (as defined in the Scheme)  as 
per the Transferor Company 1 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio (as 
defined in the Scheme) ; 
 
(d) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares and preference 
shares issued by Transferor Company 1 will stand cancelled and the 
reduction of the relevant shares shall be given effect to, by operation of 
law, without payment of any consideration or any further act or deed 
by Transferor Company 1 and/or Resultant Company; 
 
(e) In connection with the effect of the Scheme on the shareholders of 
Transferor Company 2, the fully paid-up equity shares of Resultant 
 
54 Company will be issued and allotted of to the eligible shareholders of 
Transferor Company 2 on Record Date 3 ( as defined in the Scheme ) as 
per the Transferor Company 2 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as 
defined in the Scheme ); and 
 
(f) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares issued by 
Transferor Company 2 will stand cancelled and the reduction of the 
relevant shares shall be given effect to, by operation of law, without 
payment of any consideration or any further act or deed by Transferor 
Company 2 and/or Resultant Company. 
 
(ii) KMP(s), directors and employees : 
There is no adverse effect of the Scheme on the employees, KMPs and/or 
the directors of Demerged Company. 
(iii) Creditors : 
No rights of the creditors of Demerged Company are being affected 
pursuant to the Scheme. The liability of Demerged Company towards its 
creditors is neither being reduced nor being extinguished, and the Scheme 
does not provide for any compromise or arrangement with the creditors of 
Demerged Company. The creditors of Demerged Company would in no 
way be adversely affected by the Scheme. 
(iv) Depositors :  
There are no depositors in Demerged Company.  
(v) Debenture holders :  
There are no debenture holders in Demerged Company. 
(vi) Deposit trustee and debenture trustee : 
There are no deposit trustees or debenture trustees in Demerged Company. 
2. In relation to Resultant Company , impact of the Scheme on: 
(i) Shareholders  (including promoter and non-promoter): 
(a) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, fully paid-up equity shares of 
Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Demerged Company as on Record Date 1 ( as defined 
in the Scheme ) as per the Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined 
in the Scheme ).  
 
(b) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, fully paid-up equity shares of 
Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Transferor Company 1 on Record Date 2 ( as defined in 
the Scheme ) as per the Transferor Company 1 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ).  
 
55  
(c) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, fully paid-up equity shares of 
Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Transferor Company 2 on Record Date 3 ( as defined in 
the Scheme ) as per the Transferor Company 2 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
 
(ii) KMP(s), directors and employees : 
There is no adverse effect of the Scheme on the employees, key managerial 
personnel and/or the directors of Resultant Company. 
(iii) Creditors : 
No rights of the creditors of Resultant Company are being affected pursuant 
to the Scheme. The liability of Resultant Company towards its creditors is 
neither being reduced nor being extinguished, and the Scheme does not 
provide for any compromise or arrangement with the creditors of Resultant 
Company. The creditors of Resultant Company would in no way be 
adversely affected by the Scheme. 
(iv) Depositors :  
There are no depositors in Resultant Company.  
(v) Debenture holders :  
There are no debenture holders in Resultant Company.  
(vi) Deposit trustee and debenture trustee : 
There are no debenture trustees or deposit trustees in Resultant Company.  
3. In relation to Transferor Company 1 , impact of the Scheme on: 
(i) Shareholders  (including promoter and non-promoter): 
(a) The Scheme will be advantageous and beneficial to Transferor 
Company 1 and its shareholders for the reasons set out in the rationale 
of the Scheme and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable. 
 
(b) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the fully paid-up equity shares 
of Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Transferor Company 1 on Record Date 2 ( as defined in 
the Scheme ) as per the Transferor Company 1 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
 
(c) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares and preference 
shares issued by Transferor Company 1 will stand cancelled and the 
reduction of the relevant shares shall be effected, by operation of law, 
without payment of any consideration or any further act or deed by 
Transferor Company 1 and/or Resultant Company. 
 
56  
(ii) KMP(s), directors and employees : 
There is no adverse effect of the Scheme on the employees, key managerial 
personnel and/or the directors of Transferor Company 1. 
(iii) Creditors : 
No rights of the creditors of Transferor Company 1 are being affected 
pursuant to the Scheme. The liability of Transferor Company 1 towards its 
creditors is neither being reduced nor being extinguished, and the Scheme 
does not provide for any compromise or arrangement with the creditors of 
Transferor Company 1. The creditors of Transferor Company 1 would in no 
way be adversely affected by the Scheme. 
(iv) Depositors :  
There are no depositors in Transferor Company 1.  
(v) Debenture holders :  
There are no debenture holders in Transferor Company 1. 
(vi) Deposit trustee and debenture trustee : 
There are no debenture trustees or deposit trustees in Transferor Company 
1.  
4. In relation to Transferor Company 2 , impact of the Scheme on: 
(i) Shareholders  (including promoter and non-promoter): 
(a) The Scheme will be advantageous and beneficial to Transferor 
Company 2 and its shareholders for the reasons set out in the rationale 
of the Scheme and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable. 
 
(b) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the fully paid-up equity shares 
of Resultant Company will be issued and allotted to the eligible 
shareholders of Transferor Company 2 on Record Date 3 (as defined in 
the Scheme) as per the Transferor Company 2 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio (as defined in the Scheme).  
 
(c) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares issued by 
Transferor Company 2 will stand cancelled and the reduction of the 
relevant shares shall be effected, by operation of law, without payment 
of any consideration or any further act or deed by Transferor Company 
2 and/or Resultant Company. 
 
(ii) KMP(s), directors and employees : 
There is no adverse effect of the Scheme on the employees, key managerial 
personnel and/or the directors of Transferor Company 2. 
 
57 (iii) Creditors : 
No rights of the creditors of Transferor Company 2 are being affected 
pursuant to the Scheme. The liability of Transferor Company 2 towards its 
creditors is neither being reduced nor being extinguished, and the Scheme 
does not provide for any compromise or arrangement with the creditors of 
Transferor Company 2. The creditors of Transferor Company 2 would in no 
way be adversely affected by the Scheme. 
(iv) Depositors :  
There are no depositors in Transferor Company 2. 
(v) Debenture holders :  
There are no debenture holders in Transferor Company 2. 
(vi) Deposit trustee and debenture trustee : 
There are no debenture trustees or deposit trustees in Transferor Company 
2.  
5. Impact of the Scheme on the revenue-generating capacity of Demerged 
Company . 
Pursuant to the demerger of the Identified Business Undertaking into the Resultant 
Company, the Demerged Company is expected to generate projected revenues as 
under: 
For the financial year ending March 
31, 2027.  INR 195.2 crores  
For the financial year ending March 
31, 2028. INR 289.3 crores  
For the financial year ending March 
31, 2029. INR 392.5 crores  
For the fi nancial year ending March 
31, 2030. INR 492.80 crores  
 
The expected impact on the revenue generating capacity of the Demerged Company 
would be an average of approximately 3% (three percent) for the financial years 
mentioned above. Further, a comparison of the revenue and net-worth of the 
Identified Business Undertaking of Demerged Company with total revenue and net-
worth of Demerged Company in the last three financial years is annexed hereto as 
ANNEXURE 17 . In addition, details of the pre-Scheme and the post-Scheme net-
worth of Demerged Company and Resultant Company are annexed hereto as 
ANNEXURE 18 . 
6. The rationale and benefits of the Scheme, as perceived by the board of directors of 
 
58 Demerged Company, as provided in section B above.  
I. Board meeting: 
The Scheme was unanimously approved by the board of directors of Demerged Company, 
Resultant Company, Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 at their meetings 
held on June 30, 2025, June 30, 2025, June 27, 2025, and June 27, 2025, respectively.  
Re: Demerged Company 
S. No. Name of Director Voted in favour / against / did not 
participate or vote 
1.  Prathap Chandra Reddy  Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
2.  Preetha Reddy  Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
3.  Suneeta Reddy  Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
4.  Shobana Kamineni  Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
5.  Sangita Reddy  Did not participate and vote(being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
6.  Pudugramam Murali 
Doraiswamy  Voted in favour  
7.  Mandavilli Bhaskara 
Nageswara Rao  Voted in favour  
8.  Velagapudi Kavitha V Dutt  Voted in favour  
9.  Som Mittal  Voted in favour 
10.  Rama Bijapurkar  Voted in favour 
 
Re: Transferor Company 1 
S. No. Name of Director Voted in favour / against / did not 
participate or vote 
 
59 1.  Vinayak Chatterjee  Voted in favour  
2.  Indu Bhushan  Voted in favour   
3.  Pottipati Aditya Reddy  Did not pa rticipate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
4.  Upasana Konidela  Absent 
5.  Shobana Kamineni Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013)  
6.  Konda Sangita Reddy Absent  
7.  Karthik Anand Reddy Absent  
8.  Pankaj Patwari Voted in favour  
9.  Velagapudi Kavitha Dutt Absent   
 
Re: Transferor Company 2 
S. No. Name of Director Voted in favour / against / did not 
participate or vote 
1.  Arvind Kumar Venkat  Voted in favour  
2.  Puansh Kamineni  Voted in favour  
3.  Shobana Kamineni  Voted in favour  
4.  Pankaj Patwari Voted in favour  
5.  Raj Shankar Voted in favour  
 
Re: Resultant Company  
S. No. Name of Director Voted in favour / against / did not 
participate or vote 
1.  Singana Obul Reddy  Voted in Favour  
2.  Shobana Kamin eni Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
 
60 3.  Jayakumar Panduranagan  Voted in Favour  
4.  Madhivanan Balakrishnan  Did not participate and vote (being an 
interested director under Companies Act, 
2013) 
 
J. Amount due to the unsecured creditors and secured creditors 
1. As on December 31, 2025, the amount owed to the unsecured creditors of 
Demerged Company is INR 349,99,31,787; Transferor Company 1 is INR 
986,54,46,004; Transferor Company 2 is INR 63,08,62,179.52; and Resultant 
Company is Nil. 
2. As on December 31, 2025, the amount owed to the secured creditors of Demerged 
Company is INR 173,79,385,616; Transferor Company 1 is INR 409,79,52,341; 
Transferor Company 2 is INR 122,78,57,826; and Resultant Company is Nil. 
K. Approvals, sanctions or no-objection(s) from regulatory or any other governmental 
authorities required, received or pending 
1. The proposed Scheme was placed before the independent directors of Demerged 
Company at the independent directors’ meeting held on June 30, 2025 and the audit 
committees of Demerged Company and Transferor Company 1 at the audit 
committee meetings held on June 30, 2025, and June 27, 2025, respectively. The 
independent directors of Demerged Company and the audit committees of 
Demerged Company and Transferor Company 1 recommended the Scheme after 
considering various documents, certificates, reports including the joint valuation 
report issued by KPMG Valuation Services LLP and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP 
and the fairness opinion issued by Axis Capital Limited, a SEBI registered category 
I merchant banker. 
2. The board of directors of Demerged Company has approved the Scheme at their 
meeting held on June 30, 2025. 
3. The board of directors of Transferor Company 1 has approved the Scheme at their 
meeting held on June 27, 2025. 
4. The board of directors of Transferor Company 2 has approved the Scheme at their 
meeting held on June 27, 2025. 
5. The board of directors of Resultant Company has approved the Scheme at their 
meeting held on June 30, 2025. 
6. The issuance and allotment of equity shares of Resultant Company pursuant to the 
demerger and amalgamations contemplated by the Scheme is subject to the receipt 
of applicable approvals from SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, execution of listing 
documentation, and admission to trading of Resultant Company’s equity shares in 
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India master circular titled 
“Master Circular on (i) Scheme of Arrangement by Listed Entities and (ii) 
Relaxation under Sub-rule(7) of rule 19 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) 
 
61 Rules, 1957”, dated June 20, 2023 (bearing reference number: 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93) and all amendments thereto. 
7. The Scheme is subject to obtaining all requisite consents, approvals and 
permissions of statutory and regulatory authorities necessary for its 
implementation, including approval of the Competition Commission of India and 
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, in each case in 
accordance with applicable law and in a form and substance satisfactory to the 
companies involved. In this regard, the Competition Commission of India (“ CCI”) 
has issued letter dated September 23, 2025, approving the combination proposed in 
the Scheme. A detailed order dated February 5, 2026, was issued by CCI in this 
regard. A copy of the said order issued by the CCI is annexed as ANNEXURE 19  
(“CCI Order ”).  
8. Demerged Company has not received any complaint on the Scheme from any 
person/entity. Copies of the complaint reports as submitted by Demerged Company 
with NSE and BSE are annexed hereto as ANNEXURE 20 and ANNEXURE 21.  
9. The BSE has issued letter dated December 24, 2025, granting no objection to the 
filing of the Scheme with the Tribunal. A copy of the letter dated December 24, 
2025, issued by the BSE is annexed as ANNEXURE 22  (“BSE Observation 
Letter”). 
10. The NSE has issued letter dated December 23, 2025, granting no objection to the 
filing of the Scheme with the Tribunal. A copy of the letter dated December 23, 
2025, issued by the NSE is annexed as ANNEXURE 23 . (“NSE Observation 
Letter”). 
11. In terms of the aforesaid letters of the BSE and NSE, details of the pending 
litigations as regards Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2, Resultant 
Company and their respective promoters/directors/KMPs are provided in Paragraph 
12 of ANNEXURES 24 - 26 , respectively. There are no pending litigations as 
regards Demerged Company and its promoters/directors/KMPs. 
12. The Scheme is subject to and approval by the requisite majority of the shareholders 
and creditors (as applicable) of Demerged Company, Transfer Company 1, 
Transferor Company 2 and Resultant Company, in terms of the applicable 
provisions of the Act, the applicable CAA Rules, the Listing Regulations and SEBI 
Master Circular issued by the SEBI. 
13. Information pertaining to Transfer Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and 
Resultant Company involved in the Scheme in the format prescribed for abridged 
prospectus, as specified in Part E of Schedule VI of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 
is annexed as ANNEXURE 24 , ANNEXURE 25 and ANNEXURE 26, 
respectively (collectively the “ Abridged Prospectuses ”). Axis Capital Limited, an 
independent SEBI registered category –I merchant banker, has issued a certificate 
certifying the accuracy and adequacy of the information in the abridged 
prospectuses. 
14. The accounting treatment specified in Clauses 3.9, 5.8 and 6.7 of the Scheme, with 
 
62 applicable Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Act read with 
the relevant rules thereunder (as amended from time to time) has been certified by 
the respective statutory auditor of the Demerged Company and Resultant Company 
and the same are annexed as ANNEXURE  27 and ANNEXURE 28, respectively. 
There will be no accounting treatments in the books of Transferor Company 1 and 
Transferor Company 2 as the said companies shall stand dissolved without winding 
up and certificate to this effect issued by the statutory auditor of Transferor 
Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 are annexed hereto and marked as 
ANNEXURE 29  and ANNEXURE 30, respectively. 
L. Pending investigation proceedings 
1. No investigation proceedings have been instituted and/or are pending against 
Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 or Resultant 
Company under the Act.  
2. There are no prosecution initiated and other like proceedings pending against 
Demerged Company, and its promoters/directors/KMPs. Details of the pending 
litigations as regards Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2, Resultant 
Company and their respective promoters/directors/KMPs are provided in paragraph 
12 of ANNEXURES 24 – 26, respectively. 
3. As on the date of this statement, there are no winding up proceedings pending 
against either of the Companies and no proceedings under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 are pending against Demerged Company, Transferor 
Company 1, Transferor Company 2 or Resultant Company. 
M. Summary of the joint valuation report, including basis of valuation and fairness 
opinion of the registered valuer  
1. The Demerger Share Entitlement Ratio, Transferor Company 2 Merger Share 
Entitlement Ratio and Transferor Company 1 Merger Share Entitlement Ratio ( as 
defined in the Scheme ) (collectively, “ Share Entitlement Ratios ”) has been fixed 
on a fair and reasonable basis, based on the joint valuation report dated June 27, 
2025, issued by KPMG Valuation Services LLP and BDO Valuation Advisory 
LLP. 
2. The valuation report has been prepared with March 31, 2025, as the valuation date, 
based on going concern basis, in accordance with the rules and regulations issued 
by SEBI. Details of the valuation methodologies considered and applied by KPMG 
Valuation Services LLP and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP are provided on pages 
12 to 21 of the joint valuation report at ANNEXURE 31 . 
3. Axis Capital Limited, Category-I Merchant Banker registered with SEBI 
(Registration no. INM000012029) in their Fairness Opinion dated June 27, 2025, 
has also opined that the Share Entitlement Ratios (as defined in the Scheme) are fair 
and reasonable from a financial point of view to the shareholders of Demerged 
Company. The Fairness Opinion is annexed as ANNEXURE 32 . 
4. The Share Entitlement Ratios have accordingly been recommended as follows: 
 
63 Demerger Share Entitlement 
Ratio For every 100 (one hundred) equity shares 
held by an AHEL Eligible Shareholder ( as 
defined in the Scheme ) in Demerged 
Company, such AHEL Eligible Shareholder 
shall receive 195.2 (one hundred ninety five 
point two) Resultant Company Shares ( as 
defined in the Scheme ). 
Transferor Company 1 
Merger Share Entitlement 
Ratio For every 100 (one hundred) equity shares 
held by the Transferor Company 1 Eligible 
Shareholder ( as defined in the Scheme ) in 
Transferor Company 1, such Transferor 
Company 1 Eligible Shareholder shall receive 
32.6 (thirty two point six) Resultant Company 
Shares (as defined in the Scheme ). 
For every 100 (one hundred) compulsorily 
convertible preference share held by the 
Transferor Company 1 Eligible Shareholder 
(as defined in the Scheme ), such Transferor 
Company 1 Eligible Shareholder shall receive 
89.5 (eighty nine point five) Resultant 
Company Shares ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
Transferor Company 2 
Merger Share Entitlement 
Ratio For every 100 (one hundred) equity shares 
held by a Transferor Company 2 Eligible 
Shareholder ( as defined in the Scheme ), such 
Transferor Company 2 Eligible Shareholder 
shall receive 3045.2 (three thousand forty five 
point two) Resultant Company Shares ( as 
defined in the Scheme ). 
 
5. The demerger of Identified Business Undertaking from Demerged Company into 
Resultant Company will not have any impact on the beneficial economic interest of 
the shareholders immediately upon effectiveness of the demerger of the Identified 
Business Undertaking in accordance with the Scheme but prior to the amalgamation 
of Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 with and into Resultant 
Company, as the shareholders of Demerged Company would continue to have the 
same beneficial economic interest in the demerged business by way of: (i) direct 
shareholding in Resultant Company in the same proportion as their shareholding in 
Demerged Company, and (ii) indirect shareholding in Resultant Company through 
Demerged Company. 
N. Appointed date, effective date, share exchange ratio (if applicable) and other 
considerations (if any) for the Scheme 
1. “Appointed Date” and “Effective Date”  
(i) The “Appointed Date” is the “Effective Date”, which is defined in Clause 
9.1.1 of the Scheme.  
 
64 (ii) Pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Tribunal and upon fulfilment 
of conditions for the Scheme, the Scheme is proposed to be effective from 
the Appointed Date ( as defined in the Scheme ) and operative from the 
Effective Date ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
 
2. Please refer to Paragraph M of this Explanatory Statement above, in relation to 
complete details of the Share exchange ratio. 
O. Disclosures mandated by Stock Exchanges  
Pursuant to the observation letter dated December 23, 2025, issued by NSE and the 
observation letter December 24, 2025, issued by BSE, the companies involved in the 
Scheme are required to disclose certain additional details (as submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges), as part of the explanatory statement as provided below:  
1. Details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the companies involved 
in the Scheme, both pre and post Scheme, along with a write up on the history 
of the Identified Business Undertaking 
The certificate on details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the 
companies involved in the Scheme, both pre and post Scheme, along with a write 
up on the history of the Identified Business Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) 
is annexed as ANNEXURE 33 . 
2. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of listed entity 
Please refer to Paragraphs H (5) of this Explanatory Statement in relation to 
complete details of the impact of Scheme on the revenue generating capacity of 
listed entity.   
3. Need and rationale of the Scheme, synergies of business of the companies 
involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost 
benefit analysis of the scheme 
Please refer to Paragraphs B and H of this Explanatory Statement in relation to 
complete details of the rationale of the Scheme, synergies of business of the 
companies involved and impact of the Scheme.  
4. Value of assets and liabilities being transferred to Resultant Company  
The value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company 1 and Transferor 
Company 2 being transferred to Resultant Company in accordance with the Scheme 
are annexed as ANNEXURE 33. Further, the value of assets and liabilities of 
Identified Business Undertaking being transferred to Resultant Company in 
accordance with the Scheme are annexed as ANNEXURE 34 .  
5. Detailed facts about basis of valuation, projections and growth rate considered 
for valuation 
Please refer to Paragraph M of this Explanatory Statement in relation to a summary 
of the joint valuation report, including the rationale for arriving at the swap ratio 
for issuance of shares in accordance with the Scheme, the projections and growth 
 
65 rate considered for valuation. 
6. Detailed facts about basis of valuation for demerger of Identified Business 
Undertaking and justification for methodology adopted. 
Please refer to Paragraph M of this Explanatory Statement in relation to a summary 
of the joint valuation report, including the methodology adopted for valuation.  
7. Latest financials of the companies involved in the Scheme 
Please refer to ANNEXURES 3 - 9  of this notice above, for the financials of the 
companies involved in the Scheme. 
8. Revised shareholding pattern of the companies involved in the Scheme, pre 
and post-Scheme. 
Please refer to Paragraph F of this Explanatory Statement in relation to pre and 
post-Scheme shareholding pattern of the companies involved in the Scheme. 
9. Pre and post-Scheme shareholding pattern of the companies involved in the 
Scheme along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of the 
draft Scheme and the date of this notice to shareholders 
Please refer to Paragraph F of this Explanatory Statement in relation to pre and 
post-Scheme shareholding pattern of the companies involved in the Scheme.  
10. Pending actions against the entities involved in the Scheme, its promoters, 
directors, KMPs, and possible impact of the same on the shareholders of the 
companies involved  
In terms of the aforesaid letters of the BSE and NSE, details of the pending 
litigations as regards Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2, Resultant 
Company and their respective promoters/directors/KMPs are provided in Paragraph 
12 of ANNEXURES 24 – 26 respectively. There are no pending litigations as 
regards Demerged Company and its promoters/directors/KMPs. 
Such actions taken/pending against the entities, promoters, directors and KMPs (as 
applicable) are in the ordinary course of business of the companies involved in the 
Scheme and do not have any possible impact on the shareholders of such 
companies.  
11. Specific additional disclosures pursuant paragraph 12(k) of the observation 
letter December 24, 2025, issued by BSE and paragraph l(xi) of the observation 
letter December 23, 2025, issued by NSE 
(i) Details of apportionment of losses  
The certificate with details of apportionment of losses from Demerged 
Company to other entities involved in the Scheme is annexed as 
ANNEXURE 35 .  
(ii) Details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the companies 
 
66 involved in the Scheme, both pre and post Scheme, along with a write 
up on the history of the Identified Business Undertaking 
The certificate on details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the 
companies involved in the Scheme, both pre and post Scheme, along with a 
write up on the history of the Identified Business Undertaking ( as defined 
in the Scheme ) is annexed as ANNEXURE 33 . 
(iii) Any type of arrangement or agreement between Demerged Company / 
Resultant Company / merged / amalgamated company/ creditors / 
shareholders / promoters / directors etc., which may have any 
implications on the Scheme as well as on the shareholders of Demerged 
Company 
An agreement dated June 30, 2025, has been executed between Rasmeli 
Limited (an existing shareholder of Transferor Company 1) and Ms. 
Shobana Kamineni (the promoter of Transferor Company 1) (“ AHL 
Promoter ”).  
(iv) In case of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the company, 
reasons along with relevant provisions of the Act or applicable laws for 
proposed utilization of reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption 
reserve, securities premium, as a free reserve, certified by CA 
Demerged Company hereby confirms that there is no capital reduction or 
capital reorganization proposed in the Scheme nor any proposed utilization 
of reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption reserve, securities 
premium, as a free reserve, as part of the Scheme. 
(v) In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the 
Company, built up for reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption 
reserve, securities premium, certified by CA 
The certificate on built up for reserves viz. capital reserve, capital 
redemption reserve, securities premium, as certified by CA is annexed as 
ANNEXURE 36 . 
(vi) In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the 
company, nature of reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption 
reserve, whether they are notional and/or unrealized, certified by CA 
The certificate on nature of reserves viz. capital reserve, capital redemption 
reserve, as certified by CA is annexed as ANNEXURE 37 . 
(vii) In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the 
company, the built up of the accumulated losses over the years, certified 
by CA 
The certificate on built up of the accumulated losses over the years, as 
certified by CA is annexed as  ANNEXURE 38 . 
(viii) Relevant sections of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Indian 
 
67 Accounting Standards and Accounting treatment, certified by CA 
The accounting treatment is specified in Clauses 3.9, 5.8 and 6.7 of the 
Scheme, with applicable Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 
of the Act read with the relevant rules thereunder as amended from time to 
time. The same has been certified by the chartered accountant and marked 
as ANNEXURE 39 .  
(ix) Details of shareholding of companies involved in the Scheme at each 
stage 
Please refer to Paragraph F(5) of this notice above, for the shareholding of 
the companies involved in the Scheme at each stage.  
(x) Details of issuance of bonus shares, if any  
No issuance of bonus shares is contemplated to be undertaken by any of the 
companies involved in the Scheme and accordingly, the board of directors 
of the unlisted companies have not taken any decision regarding issuance 
of bonus shares.  
(xi) List of comparable companies considered for comparable companies’ 
multiple method 
The certificates in relation to the list of comparable companies considered 
for comparable companies’ multiple method considered in the valuation 
report, as issued by KPMG Valuation Services LLP and BDO Valuation 
Advisory LLP are annexed as ANNEXURES 40 - 41 . 
(xii) Share capital built-up of the unlisted entities involved in the Scheme, as 
certified by CA 
The certificate with details of share capital built-up of the unlisted 
companies involved in the Scheme, as certified by CA is annexed as  
ANNEXURE 42 . 
(xiii) Any action taken/pending by government/ regulatory body/ agency 
against all the entities involved in the Scheme, for a period of recent 8 
years  
Please refer to Paragraph K(11) of this Explanatory Statement in relation to 
a summary of the details of actions taken/ pending against the entities.  
(xiv) Comparison of revenue and net worth of Identified Business 
Undertaking with the total revenue and net worth of Demerged 
Company in the last 3 (three) financial years 
Please refer to Paragraph H(5) of this notice above, for the comparison of 
the revenue and net-worth of the Identified Business Undertaking of 
Demerged Company with total revenue and net-worth of Demerged 
Company in the last three financial years.  
 
68 (xv) Detailed rationale for arriving at the swap ratio for issuance of shares, 
projections and growth rate considered for valuation 
Please refer to Paragraph M of this Explanatory Statement in relation to a 
summary of the joint valuation report, including the rationale for arriving at 
the swap ratio for issuance of shares in accordance with the Scheme and the 
projections and growth rate considered for valuation.  
(xvi) In relation to the demerger of Identified Business Undertaking, details 
of the basis for division of assets and liabilities between divisions of 
Demerged Company 
Details pertaining to the basis for division of assets and liabilities between 
divisions of Demerged Company are annexed as ANNEXURE 43 . 
(xvii) How the Scheme will be beneficial to public shareholders of Demerged 
Company and details of change in value of public shareholders pre and 
post scheme of arrangement 
Please refer to Paragraph H of this Explanatory Statement in relation to 
complete details of the effect of the Scheme on the shareholders of 
Demerged Company.  
(xviii) Tax/other liability/benefit arising to the entities involved in the Scheme, 
if any 
There is no tax liability/ benefit to the entities involved in the Scheme. The 
proposed demerger of Identified Business Undertaking of Demerged 
Company into Resultant Company pursuant to the Scheme shall be on an 
ongoing basis and is compliant with the Section 2(19AA), 47(vib) and 
47(vid) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (or Section 2(35), 70(1)(j) and 70(1)(k) 
or other substantially equivalent provision of the Income Tax Act, 2025), 
and is tax neutral. Similarly, the proposed amalgamation of Transferor 
Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 respectively into Resultant 
Company is compliant with the Sections 2(1B), 47(vi) and 47(vii) of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (or other corresponding and substantially equivalent 
provision of the Income Tax Act, 2025) and is tax neutral.  
Further, there shall be no goods and services tax payable on the demerger 
of the Identified Business Undertaking of Demerged Company into 
Resultant Company, amalgamation of Transferor Company 1 into Resultant 
Company and amalgamation of Transferor Company 2 into Resultant 
Company. 
(xix) Comments of the Company on compliance of the accounting treatment 
specified in Scheme with the Accounting Standards/Indian Accounting 
Standards 
The certificate issued by the Demerged Company annexed as ANNEXURE 
44, confirming that the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme is in 
conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of 
 
69 the Act. 
(xx) Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA (in value and percentage terms) details of 
entities involved in the Scheme for all the number of years considered 
for valuation along with the reasons justifying the EBIDTA/PAT 
margin considered in the joint valuation report 
The certificates with Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA details of the companies 
involved in the Scheme along with the reasons justifying the EBIDTA/PAT 
margin, as issued by  KPMG Valuation Services LLP and BDO Valuation 
Advisory LLP are annexed as ANNEXURES 45-46 . 
(xxi) Confirmation in relation to valuation in compliance with applicable 
valuation standards 
In connection with the Scheme, the certificate from KPMG Valuation 
Services LLP and BDO Valuation Advisory LLP confirming that the 
valuation done in the Scheme is in accordance with applicable valuation 
standards, are annexed as ANNEXURES 47 - 48 . 
(xxii) Confirmation in relation to compliance with applicable securities laws 
The confirmation from Demerged Company in relation to the Scheme being 
in compliance with applicable securities laws is annexed as ANNEXURE 
49.  
(xxiii) Confirmation on arrangement yet to be executed 
The confirmation from Demerged Company in relation to the arrangement 
under the Scheme yet to be executed is annexed as ANNEXURE 50 . 
All additional information submitted by AHEL after filing of the Scheme with the Stock 
Exchanges is also displayed on the website of AHEL at www.apollohospitals.com. 
The senior management and key managerial personnel of Transferor Company 1, and its 
subsidiaries and associate companies, who are shareholders of the Demerged Company, 
may be considered ‘interested persons’ in terms of Regulation 26(6) of the Listing 
Regulations. Accordingly, such interested persons shall abstain from voting on this 
resolution, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 26(6) of the Listing 
Regulations.  
P. Miscellaneous 
The Scheme does not provide for any corporate debt restructuring in Demerged Company, 
Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 or Resultant Company or reduction in the 
paid-up share capital of Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 
2 or Resultant Company (other than reduction of share capital of Transferor Company 1, 
Transferor Company 2 and Resultant Company pursuant to cancellation of their respective 
share capital in accordance with the terms of the Scheme).  
The pre-Scheme and expected post-Scheme shareholding pattern of Demerged Company, 
Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 or Resultant Company (as submitted to the 
 
70 Stock Exchanges) is annexed as ANNEXURE 11 . When the scheme will come into force, 
pursuant to issue of shares in terms of the scheme and as per share exchange ratio to the 
shareholders of the Demerged Company, Transferor Company 1 and Transferor Company 
2, the shareholding of the Demerged Company in the share capital of the Resultant 
Company will reduce from 100% to ~15.41%.  This retained equity interest by Demerged 
Company in Resultant Company is intended to offer the following benefits:  
1. Resultant Company will continue to operate as an independent listed entity and 
the Demerged Company’s shareholding will allow it to continue to leverage its 
institutional strengths, strong brand equity and goodwill for sustained value 
creation for its public shareholders; 
2. Ensure leveraging of cross synergies between the entities and provide strong 
digital outreach and solutions relating to healthcare outreach services like virtual 
consultations, diagnostics, in-patient/ out-patient consult access resulting in value 
appreciation benefitting shareholders of both companies; 
3. Endorse Demerged Company’s support of the Resultant Company’s strategy, 
governance and operational standards, offering continuity of reputation that is 
especially important for enterprise relationships; and 
4. Provide financial and strategic support to Resultant Company in its pursuit of an 
integrated, seamless, and comprehensive healthcare offering across the patient 
lifecycle. 
Continuity of shareholding of Demerged Company in Resultant Company shall not have 
any impact on the economic interest of the shareholders of Demerged Company as they 
would continue to have the same beneficial economic interest in Identified Business 
Undertaking by way of: (i) direct shareholding in Resultant Company in the same 
proportion as their shareholding in Demerged Company, and (ii) indirect shareholding in 
Resultant Company through Demerged Company. 
2. Inspection of the Documents 
A copy of notice convening the class meetings as set out at paragraph 1 of this Statement, 
this Statement, the Annexures to this Statement are available on the website of Demerged 
Company at www.apollohospitals.com, the website of the Stock Exchanges where the 
equity shares of Demerged Company are listed, i.e., BSE Limited and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited viz. www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, 
and the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in and the documents stated herein-below are 
available for inspection and for taking copies thereof at the Registered Office of the 
Demerged Company between 10:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. on any working day (except 
Saturday, Sunday and public holidays) up to the date of the Meeting.  
(a) Copy of the Scheme and Tribunal Orders. 
(b) Memorandum and articles of association of the Companies. 
(c) Audited financial statements of each of the Demerged Company, Transferor 
Company 1 and Transferor Company 2 as on March 31, 2025, including their 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
71 (d) Unaudited financial result/statement of the Demerged Company as on December 
31, 2025.  
(e) Audited financial result/statements as on December 31, 2025, for Transferor 
Company 2, and as on March 31, 2026, for the Transferor Company 1 and Resultant 
Company. 
(f) Certificates issued by the statutory auditors, each of the Demerged Company, 
Transferor Company 1, Transferor Company 2 and Resultant Company on the 
accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme are in conformity with the 
Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act. 
(g) Copies of Board reports adopted by each of the Companies involved in the Scheme 
in accordance with the provisions of section 232(2)(c) of the Act. 
(h) Observation letter dated December 24, 2025, issued by BSE. 
(i) Observation letter dated December 23, 2025, issued by NSE. 
(j) Copies of Board resolutions passed by each of the Companies involved in the 
Scheme. 
(k) Registers of directors and key managerial personnel and their shareholding in the 
companies involved in the Scheme. 
(l) Copies of the Business Framework Agreement and the Upside Agreement. 
3. The documents as annexed hereto are also available on the website of Demerged Company 
viz “www.apollohospitals.com”. 
 
Sd/- 
Dr. K. S. Ravichandran, PCS 
(Chairperson appointed for the meeting of the equity shareholders) 
 
Place : Chennai 
Dated: May 21, 2026. 
 