  
                                 
 
 
 
 APL/SEC/57/2025- 26/28 
 
10th March  2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Security Code: 500820  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT  
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) – Pronouncement of Order 
by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, sanctioning the 
Scheme of Amalgamati on 
 This is in continuation to our earlier intimations bearing reference no. APL/SEC/57/2025- 26/3 
dated 29
th July 2025 and APL/SEC/32/2025 -26/33 dated 6th February 2026, wherein it was , inter 
alia, informed of the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation of Asian Paints (Polymers) Private 
Limited ("Transferor Company” or “AP Polymers”), a wholly - owned subsidiary of Asian Paints 
Limited ("Transferee Company" or “Company”) with the Company  (“Scheme of Amalgamation”),  
subject to requisite statutory and regulatory approvals, including approval of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) , Mumbai .  
 
In this regard, we wish to inform you that the NCLT, Mumbai Bench, vide its Order dated 10
th 
March 2026 (“Order”), has sanctioned the Scheme of Amalgamation.  
 
A copy of the Order, as available on the website of the NCLT, is enclosed herewith along with the certified true copy of the Scheme of Amalgamation.  
 The Appointed Date of the Scheme of Amalgamation is 1
st April 2025.  The Scheme of 
Amalgamation shall become effective from the date of filing of the certified copy of the Order by 
the Transferor Company and Transferee Company with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai , 
Maharashtra.   
 There is no material impact of the Scheme of Amalgamation on the financials of the Company.   
 The Company will continue to make necessary disclosures on any material developments in this regard from time to time.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly,  
 For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED  
  
R J JEYAMURUGAN  
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY  
 Encl.: As above  
 asianpaints 
Corporate ldent1ficat1on Numb~r. L2l4220MI fl94SPLC004598 
For Shar~ related QUenes. email to investor.relations@a'Sianpaints com 
For Consumer queries email to customercaretg)asianpaints.com Asian Paints Limited 
6A & 6B. Shantinagar. 
Santacruz (East) 
Mumbai ~00 055 
Maharashtra. India 
T: (022) 6218 1000 
www.asianpaints com 
. .,. 
Printed on 1000/o Recycled Paper ._ .1 
 
 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026  
IN 
CA (CAA) NO. 2 52/MB/202 5 
 
In the matter of the Companies 
Act, 2013;  
And 
In the matter of  
Section 230 to Section 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and other  
applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013  
read with Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamation)  
Rules, 2016;  
AND  
In the matter of  
The scheme of amalgamation  
Between  
Asian Paints (Polymers) 
Private Limited  
(“Transferor Company”)  
And 
Asian Paints Limited  
(“Transfer ee Company”)  
And their respective 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
2 | P a g e  
 Shareholders and Creditors.  
 
Asian Paints (Polymers) Private Limited  
[CIN: U24222MH2023PTC397471 ]   …. Petitioner  Company No. 1  
 
Asian Paints Limited   
[CIN: L24220MH1945PLC004598 ]   …. Petitioner  Company No. 2  
 
 
Order pronounced on 10.03.2026  
 
Coram:   
Prabhat Kumar  Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey  
Member (Technical)  Member (Judicial)  
                      
Appearances:  
For the Applicant:  Adv. Hemant Sethi, a/w Tanaya 
Sethi  
 
ORDER  
1) Heard the Ld. Counsel for the Petitioner Companies. Except 
otherwise stated, neither objector has come before this Tribunal 
to oppose the Scheme and nor has any party controverted any 
averments made in the Petitions to the sa id Scheme.   
2) The present scheme is a Scheme of Amalgamation by way of 
Merger  by Absorption of Asian Paints (Polymers) Private Limited 
(“Transferor Company ” or “First Petitioner Company”) with 
Asian Paints Limited (“Transferee Company” or “Second 
Petitioner Company”) and their respective Shareholders and 
Creditors, under Section 230(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) read with Rules 3 and 5 of the Companies (Compromises, 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
3 | P a g e  
 Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 201 6.  
3) The First Petitioner Company, incorporated under the Companies 
Act, 2013 on 11th January 2023 is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Transferee Company , has its registered office at 6A & 6B, 
Shantinagar, Santacruz (East), Mumbai 400055 , Maharashtra. 
carries on the business as manufacturers, dealers, importers, 
exporters and traders in all kinds of chemicals and chemical 
compounds, all kinds of plastic materials, emulsions, monomers, 
vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions ("VAE"), vinyl acetate 
monomers ("VAM"), styrene, butadiene and similar monomers, 
ethylene, ethanol and other alcohols.  The Authorized Capital of 
the Transferor Company  as on 30th June 2025  is INR 
13,00,00, 00,000/ - (Rupees Thirteen Hundred Crore  Only) divided 
into 1 30,00,00 ,000 equity shares of face value of INR 10/ - each. 
The Second  Petitioner Company, incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 19 13 on 2 4th October 1945, has its registered 
office at 6A & 6B, Shantinagar, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 
400055 , Maharashtra. The Company is engaged in the bus iness of 
manufacturing, selling and distribution of paints, coatings, 
products related to home decor, bath fittings and providing related 
services.  The Authorized Capital of the Transferee Company is 
INR 100,00,00,000 /- (Rupees  Hundred  Crore Only)  divided into 
99,50,00,000  Equity shares of face value INR  1/- each and 50,000  
11% Redeemable Cumulative Preference shares of face value 
INR 100/ - each.  
4) The shares of the Transferee Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
("NSE") (together referred to as the "Stock Exchanges").   

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
4 | P a g e  
 5) Learned Counsel for the Petitioner Companies submits that the 
Scheme has been  approved by the Board of the Directors of the 
Petitioner Companies No. 1 and 2  vide board resolution dated 17th 
July 2025 and 29th July 2025  respectively . The Appointed Date 
for the Scheme is 1st April  2025.  
6) The registered offices of the Petitioner Companies are situated in 
Maharashtra and are within the territorial jurisdiction of the 
Tribunal.  
7) The Petitioner Compan ies No. 1 and 2  have filed their 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association , along 
with their audited financial statements as on 31.03.2025 and 
30.09.2025, respectively. The MOA reflects that the Companies 
are empowered to carry out arrangement between shareholders 
and creditors by way of merger / demerger.  
8) Learned Counsel for the Petit ioner Companies further submits 
that the  management of the Petitioner Companies believe that 
Amalgamation of the First Petitioner Company with Second 
Petitioner Company would have, inter alia, the following benefits:  
a. Strengthening of organizational capabilities around 
operational and financial areas, driving scale benefits through 
leveraging resources;  
b. Reduction in the multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances, generate economies in administrative costs and 
facilitate consolidation to enable effective management;  
c. Enhancing organizational capabilities ar1smg from the 
pooling of talent and human capital with diverse skill sets and 
experience in areas such as design, sourcing and consumer 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
5 | P a g e  
 insights, providing  strength to operate strongly in a highly 
fragmented market;  
d. The other benefits of the proposed amalgamation includes:  
i. The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company will maximize  shareholder value 
of the Transferee Company;  
ii. The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company shall facilitate consolidation to 
enable effective management and will result in 
simplification of group structure;  
iii. Upon complet ion of the amalgamation, Transferor 
Company will be dissolved. Consequently, there would 
be lesser regulatory and legal compliance obligations 
including accounting, reporting requirements, tax 
filings, company law compliances, etc. and therefore 
reduction in administrative costs.  
9) Learned Counsel for the Petitioner Companies submits that the 
Petition has been filed in consonance with the order dated 2 7th 
November 2025, passed by this Tribunal in 
C.A.(CAA)/2 52/MB/2025. The Counsel submits that the 
Petitioner Companies have complied with all requirements as per 
directions of this Tribunal and they have filed necessary 
Affidavits of compliance with this Tribunal. Moreover, the 
Petitioner Companies shall comply with all the sta tutory 
requirements, if any, as may be required under the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under. The said undertaking 
is accepted by the Petitioner Companies.  

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
6 | P a g e  
 10) The Petitioner Companies submit that no investigation 
proceedings have been institu ted and/or are pending against them 
under Sections 210 -217, 219, 220, 223, 224, 225, 226 & 227 of 
the Companies Act, 2013. There are no ongoing adjudications and 
/ or recovery proceedings and / or pending litigations and / or 
prosecutions initiated and / o r enforcement actions against First 
Petitioner Company. The list of pending litigations against 
Second Petitioner Company is annexed to the Company Scheme 
Petition. It is also submitted that there is no ongoing adjudication, 
recovery proceedings, pending l itigations, prosecution initiated 
and / or any other enforcement action against the Promoters and 
/or Directors of the Petitioner Companies as per the audit report 
and the Regional Director's (RD) Report.  
11) The Statutory Auditors of the Second Petitioner Co mpany  
(Transferee Company)  have examined the Scheme in terms of 
provisions of Section 230 - 232 and certified that the accounting 
treatment contained in the Scheme is in conformity  with the 
applicable accounting standard specified under section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.  
12) The Learned Counsel for the Petitioner Companies submit that 
there is no winding up petitions or petitions under the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 admitted against any of the Petitioner 
Companies.  
13) The Petitioner Companies have undertaken/ submitted vide the 
reply filed to the Report of Regional Director (RD) and RoC that:  
a) The Transferee Company shall  comply with the provisions of 
Section 232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013 and to pay the 
differential fee, if any, after setting  off the fees already paid by 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
7 | P a g e  
 the Transferor Company on its authorized capital, to the extent 
applicable.  
b) The Petitioner Company has identified an accounting 
irregularity relating to incorrect classification of certain 
expenses. An internal audit review co nfirmed that the 
expenses, though genuine business expenditures, had been 
misclassified. There was no evidence of any personal 
monetary benefit to any employee. Consequential accounting 
adjustments, including correction of period recognition and 
payment of  applicable tax under Section 194R of the Income -
tax Act along with interest, were duly carried out and reflected 
in the Q2 FY 2024 –25 financials. The matter was detected 
through the Company’s internal control framework and 
addressed by strengthening proce sses relating to purchase 
order approvals and invoice validation. Based on 
recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board, at its 
meeting held on 17th December 2024, approved cessation of 
engagement with the concerned vendor and took appropriate 
action against the employee involved, who is no longer 
associated with the Company. In compliance with Section 
143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013, the matter was reported 
to the Statutory Auditors, who have filed the requisite report 
with the Central Government. It is clarified that approval of 
the Scheme will not hamper any pending investigation, which 
shall be decided on its own merits and in accordance with law. 
In any event, the investigation pertains to the Transferee 
Company, which will continue to exist pos t sanctioning of the 
Scheme.  

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
8 | P a g e  
 c) The Petitioner Companies have complied with the said 
directions  for service of notices to all its secured creditors and 
unsecured creditors . 
d) The Petitioner Companies shall pass necessary accounting 
entries to give effect to the  Scheme in accordance with AS -14 
and Ind -AS-103, as applicable, and shall comply with other 
applicable accounting standards. They further submit and 
confirm that the Scheme enclosed in the Company Application 
and Company Petition are identical, with no dis crepancy or 
change.  
e) The notices under Section 230(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 
have been duly served upon the regulatory authorities, as 
directed by this Tribunal vide orders dated 27th November 
2025, 7th January 2026, and 19th January 2026.  
f) The Appointed  Date of the Scheme is 1st April 2025, and the 
Scheme shall take effect from the said Appointed Date. The 
Company Scheme Application was filed on 18th October 2025, 
and the Petitioners have duly complied with the requirements 
clarified vide Circular No. 7/ 12/2019/CL -I dated 21st August 
2019 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  
g) There are no adverse observations issued by the Stock 
Exchanges, BSE and NSE. The Scheme has been filed as an 
intimation to them in compliance with applicable SEBI 
circulars.  
h) The Petitioner Companies shall  comply with directions, if any, 
issued by the concerned sectoral regulatory authorities, the 
Income -tax Department, and the GST Department.  

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
9 | P a g e  
 i) The First Petitioner Company has filed the necessary Form 
BEN -2 in compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013. The Second Petitioner Company submits that 
Sattva Holding and Trading Private Limited (holding 5.71%) 
and Smiti Holding and Trading Private Limited (holding 
5.40%), being bodies corporate forming part of the Promo ter 
and Promoter Group of the Company,  have been identified as 
Significant Beneficial Owners (SBOs) and have reported the 
same to the Company in Form BEN -1, The corresponding 
Form BEN -2 has been filed by the Company . Life Insurance 
Corporation of India (LI C) holds 8.29% stake in the Company; 
hence, LIC is not required to file Form BEN -1 for 
corresponding filing of Form BEN -2 by the Company.  
14) The Official Liquidator, after examining the records, has 
reported via report dated 18.02. 2026, that the affairs of th e 
transferor company have not been conducted in a manner 
prejudicial to the public interest or interest of creditors.  
15) No objections have been received from any other statutory or 
regulatory authority. Accordingly, the Scheme is deemed to be 
unopposed.  
16) We have perused the submissions made by the Petitioner 
Companies and the report submitted by the RD, OL as well as 
Registrar of Companies. The Petitioner Companies will comply 
with all the undertakings given by them in their reply filed to the 
ROC / RD.  
17) From the material on record, the Scheme annexed to the 
Company Scheme Petition appears to be fair and reasonable and 
is not violative of any provisions of law and is not contrary to 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
10 | P a g e  
 public policy.  
18) Since all the requisite statutory compliances have been 
fulfilled, the said Company Scheme Petition 
C.P(CAA)/ 3/MB/202 6 in C.A(CAA)/2 52/MB/2025 is made 
absolute in terms of the prayer clauses of the said Company 
Scheme Petition. It shall be binding on the Petitioner Companies 
involved in the  Scheme and all concerned, including their 
respective Shareholders, Creditors, Employees and/or any other 
stakeholders concerned.  
19) The Transferor Company be dissolved without winding up.  
20) The Income Tax Department will be at liberty to examine the 
aspect of any tax payable as a result of this Scheme and it shall be 
open to the Income Tax Authorities to take necessary action to 
deal with, in relation to tax or any other kind of obligations of 
Transferor Company against the Transferee Company, as 
permissible under the Income Tax Laws.  
21) Needless to say, all liabilities accruing in the transferor 
company  shall be transferred to the Transferee Company, 
however, the liabil ities in respect of offences committed under 
this act by the officers in default, of the transferor company prior 
to its merger, amalgamation or acquisition shall continue after 
such merger, amalgamation or acquisition as provided in Section 
240 of the Com panies Act, 2013 . 
22) The Petitioner Companies are directed to file a certified copy 
of this Order along with the Scheme duly authenticated/certified 
by the Designated Registrar  of National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai Bench, with the concerned Registrar of Companies, 
electronically in e -form INC -28 within 30 (thirty) days from the 

 
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH - I 
CP (CAA) NO. 3/MB/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO. 252/MB/2025  
11 | P a g e  
 date of receipt of the certified copy of this Order along with the 
Scheme.  
23) This Order should not, in any way, be construed as an Order 
granting exemption from payment of stamp duty, taxes or other 
charges, if any, and payment in accordance with law or in respect 
of any permission or compliance with other requirements which 
may be  specifically required under any law .  
24) The Petitioner Companies to lodge a certified copy of this 
Order and the Scheme duly authenticated by the Designated 
Registrar of National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, 
with the concerned Superintendent of Stamp s, for the purpose of 
adjudication of stamp duty payable, if any, within 60 days from 
the date of receipt of the Certified copy of the Order from the 
Registry .  
25) All regulatory authorities concerned to act on a copy of this 
Order along with Scheme duly cert ified by the Deputy Registrar 
or Assistant Registrar, National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai.  
26) Ordered accordingly. Thus, the Company Scheme Petition 
with C.P.(CAA)/ 3/MB/2025 in C.A.(CAA)/2 52/MB/2025  shall 
stand to be disposed of.  
27) File to be consigned to records.  
 
Sd/-       Sd/- 
Prabhat Kumar                                 Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey  
Member (Technical)                               Member (Judicial)  
AJ 

SCHEME OF AMALGA MATION 
BETWEEN 
ASIAN PAINTS (POLYMERS ) PRIVATE LIMITED 
(Transferor Company) 
WITH 
ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED 
(Transferee Company ) 
AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS 
UNDER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND RULES FRAMED THEREUNDER 
1) Preamble 
This Scheme of Amalgamation pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Compromises , Arrangements , and Amalgamations ) Rules, 2016 and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) 
and/or re-enactment (s) or amendme nt(s) thereof for the time being in force) provides for the 
amalgamation of Asian Paints (Polymers) Private Limited with Asian Paints Limited and their 
respective shareholders (hereinafter referred to as the "Scheme"). 
2) Description of the Companies 
A Asian Paints (Polymers) Private Limited [CIN: U24222MH2023PTC3974 71] [PAN: 
AA YCA2260M], is a private limited company incorporated on 11th January 2023 under the 
Companies Act, 2013, currently having its registered office at 6A & 68, Shantinagar , Santacruz 
(East), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400055 ("Transferor Company" or "AP Polymers"), in the 
state of Maharashtra under the jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies , Maharashtra at Mumbai. 
The Registered Office address of the Transferor Company was changed from 6A, Shantinagar, 
Santacruz (East), Mumbai -400055 to 6A & 68, Shantinagar , Santacruz (East), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra , India, 400055 with effect from 1st December 2024. The Transferor Company was 
~SIAN • corporated to, inter alia, carry on the business as manufacturers, dealers, importers, exporters 
CD-d traders in all kinds of chemicals and chemical compounds , all kinds of plastic materials, * :e ulsions, monomers, vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions ("VAE"), vinyl acetate monomers 
0 • AM"), styrene, butadiene and similar monomers, ethylene, ethanol and other alcohols including 
~J.1~'"' olyvinyl alcohol, petroleum fractions, acetic acid, re-dispersible polymer powder, and other 
chemical substances of all kinds, to manufacture compounds , synthetic and other substances, 
basic, intermediate or otherwise from chemical substances of all kinds. The Transfero r Company 
~=:::::-.... currently is in the process of setting up manufactur ing facility for VAE and VAM with a capacity of 
Dc-:,\ti-~ PAJ4-,,_.r 0,000 and 1,00,000 tons per annum, respectively, in Dahej, Gujarat, India, subject to obtaining 
~ m essary regulatory and other approvals. r-e -< Ul :::" % ~ registered email address of the Transferor Company is 
) ilJ."tf\\'o~ ppolymers .compliance@asianpaints .com. 
Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Transferee Company (as defined 
hereinafter). 
B. Asian Paints Limited [CIN: L24220MH1945PLC004598] [PAN: AAACA3622 K], is a public limited 
company incorporated on 24th October 1945 under the Companies Act, 1913, currently having 
its registered office at 6A & 6B, Shantinagar, Santacruz (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra , India, 
~ 
400055 ("Transferee Company " or "Asian Paints") in the state of Maharashtra under the 
jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai. The Registered Office address 
of the Transferee Company was changed from 6A, Shantinagar , Santacruz (East), Mumbai -
400055 to 6A & 68, Shantinagar , Santacruz (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra , India, 400055 with 
effect from 1st December 2024. The shares of the Transferee Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") (together referred to as 
the "Stock Exchanges "). The Transferee Company was originally incorporated under the 
name Asian Oil & Paint Company (India) Private Limited. Subsequently , the name was changed 
to Asian Paints (India) Private Limited, and a fresh Certificate of Incorporation reflecting the 
change was issued by the Registrar of Companies , Maharashtra at Mumbai on 9th August 1965. 
The Company was later converted from a private limited company to a public limited company 
under the name Asian Paints (India) Limited, pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956. A fresh Certificate of Incorporation consequent upon such conversion was issued by the 
Registrar of Companies , Maharashtra at Mumbai on 17th December 1973. Thereafter , the name 
of the Company was changed from Asian Paints (India) Limited to Asian Paints Limited, and a 
fresh Certificate of Incorporation reflecting the change was issued by the Registrar of Companies , 
Maharashtra at Mumbai on 12th July 2005. Asian Paints Limited is, inter a/ia, engaged in the 
business of manufacturing , selling, and distribution of paints, coatings, products related to home 
decor, kitchen solutions, bath fittings, and providing related services. 
The registered email address of the Transferee Company is investor.relations@asianpa ints.com. 
3) Rationale and objective of the Scheme: 
The Transferee Company currently imports Vinyl Acetate Monomer (VAM) and Vinyl Acetate 
Ethylene Emulsion (VAE) for manufacture of paints and allied products. VAE is one of the key 
raw material for Asian Paints. VAM is a key input for manufacturing VAE. VAE is considered to 
be the emulsion of the future and the key constituen t for manufactur ing environmentally friendly 
paints. VAE offers better paint properties and can significantly improve paint performance in 
customer facing attributes. 
The Transferor Company was incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company to carry on the business of manufacturing VAM and VAE for the captive consumption 
of the Transferee Company. 
It is proposed to amalgamate the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company to drive 
back-end synergy in procurem ent, logistics, supply chain, technology operations , and shared 
services, ensuring optimal resource utilization and fostering centers of excellence . 
Benefits of the Scheme: 
A Strengthening of organizational capabilities around operational and financial areas, driving scale 
benefits through leveraging resources ; 
B. Reduction in the multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances, generate economies in 
administrative costs and facilitate consolidation to enable effective management ; 
C. Enhancing organizational capabilities arising from the pooling of talent and human capital with 
diverse skill sets and experience in areas such as design, sourcing and consumer insights, 
providing strength to operate strongly in a highly fragmented market; 
D. The other benefits of the proposed amalgamation includes: 
i. 
ii. The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company will maximise 
shareholder value of the Transferee Company ; 
The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transfer ,,,-:;;;.---'.;::any shall facilitate 
consolidation to enable eff ivg~::m.::m ent and will resu l:l~:0-:~ n of group 
structure; 
iii. Upon completion of the amalgamation , Transferor Company will be dissolved. Consequent ly, 
there would be lesser regulatory and legal compliance obligations including accounting, 
reporting requirements , tax filings, company law compliances , etc. and therefore reduction in 
administrat ive costs. 
The Transferee Company is authorized inter alia by Clause 3 of its Object Clause in Memorandum 
of Association to carry out the business of Transferor Company . 
This Scheme does not affect the rights and interests of the shareholders or the creditors of the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee Company . The shareholding and the rights of the 
members remain unaffected as no new shares are proposed to be issued by the Transferee 
Company and there is no change in the capital structure of the Transferee Company . There is no 
compromise or arrangement with any of the creditors of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company and the rights of the creditors are not affected, all the Secured and 
Unsecured Creditors, as applicable would be paid off in the ordinary course of business. Also, the 
net worth of the Transferee Company is and will remain highly positive post the amalgamation . 
Further, the Scheme will be beneficial and in the best interests of the stakeholders of all the 
Companies involved. 
This Scheme is presented under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 read with the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements , and Amalgamations ) Rules, 2016, and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, if any, for amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company . 
According ly, this Scheme provides for the amalgamat ion of Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company . 
4) Parts of the Scheme: 
The Scheme of Amalgamation is divided into the following three parts: 
(i) Part I -Deals with the definitions , interpretations , and share capital; 
(ii) Part II -Deals with Amalgamat ion of Transferor Company with Transferee Company ; and 
(iii) Part Ill -Deals with the other terms and Conditions applicable to the Scheme. 
Part I -Definitions, Interpretation, and Share Capital 
1. Definitions and Interpretation 
In this Scheme, unless repugnant to the meaning or context thereof, (i) terms defined in the 
introducto ry paragraphs and recitals shall have the same meanings throughout this Scheme 
and (ii) the following words and expressions , wherever used (including in the recitals and the 
introducto ry paragraphs above), shall have the following meanings: 
1.1. 'Act' or 'the Act' means the Companies Act, 2013 of India and Rules, circulars, notifications 
or guidelines issued thereunder , including any statutory modification(s), re -
enactment (s) or amendments , thereof, for the time being in force. 
1.2. 'Applicable Law(s)' means any statute, notification , bye-laws, rules, regulations, guidelines , 
rule or common law, policy, code, directive, ordinance, scheme, notice, orders or instructions 
law enacted or issued or sanctioned by any Appropriate Authority including any modification 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force. 
1.3. 'Appointed Date' for the purpose of this Scheme and the Income Tax Act, 1961,means 1st 
April 2025, as the date with effect from which the scheme shall be applicable or such other 
date as may be approved by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal or any other 
Competent Authority. 
1.4. 'Appropriate Authority' means any governmenta l, statutory, regulatory, departmental , or 
public body or authority of India including the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Stock 
Exchanges , Registrar of Companies , Regional Director, Official Liquidator , and the Hon'ble 
National Company Law Tribunal. 
1.5. "Board of Directors" or 'Board' in relation to the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company , as the case may be, means the Board of Directors of such company, and shall 
include a committee duly constituted and authorised or individuals authorized for the 
purposes of matters pertaining to the amalgamat ion, this Scheme and/or any other matter 
relating thereto; 
1.6. 'Effective Date' means the last of the following dates, namely: 
a. that on which the last of the aforesaid consents, approvals, permissions , resolutions and 
orders as mentioned in Clause 13 shall be obtained or passed; or 
b. that on which all necessary certified copies of orders under the applicable section(s) of 
the Act shall be duly filed with the concerned Registrar of Companies , Maharashtra at 
Mumbai. 
1.7. 'Employee' means all employees, if any, on the payroll of Transferor Company , as of the 
Effective Date excluding any employee who is on deputation from the Transferee Company ; 
1.8. 'Governmental Authority ' means (i) a national government , political subdivision thereof; (ii) 
an instrumentality, board, commission , court, or agency, whether civilian or military, of any of 
the above, however, constituted ; and (iii) a government-owned / government-controlled 
association , organization in the Republic of India; 
1.9. 'Registrar of Companies' means the Registrar of Companies , Maharashtra at Mumbai. 
1.10. 'Scheme' or 'the Scheme' or 'this Scheme' means this Scheme of Amalgamation in its 
present form as submitted to the Tribunal or any other appropriate authority in relevant 
jurisdictio ns with any modification (s) thereof as approved or directed by the Tribunal or such 
other competent authority, as may be applicable. 
1.11. 'SEBI' means the Securities and Exchange Board of India established under Section 3 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992; 
1.12. 'Stock Exchanges' means the recognised stock exchanges where the equity shares of the 
Transferee Company are listed i.e., SSE Limited ('SSE') and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited ('NSE'); 
1.13. 'Tribunal' means the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal ('NCL T'), Mumbai Bench as 
.,,,~-::;::::::.P::::A:::::/-.... constituted and authorized as per the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for 
,'?'".r5J'V ..>-approving any scheme of arrangement , comprom ise or reconstruction of companies under 
~ v¾ ~ Sections 230 to 240 of the Companies Act, 2013, if applicable. 
<9...,/ ~ 
-¥ O'? t; . 'Undertaking' means all the undertakings and entire business, activities, and operations of 
the Transferor Company , in India and abroad, if any, as a going concern, including without 
limitation: 
(i) all the assets and properties (whether movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, real 
or personal, in possession or reversion , corporeal or incorporeal, present, future or 
contingent of whatsoever nature) of the Transferor Company , if any, including, without 
limitation, all land whether freehold or leasehold or otherwise, including the land owned 
by Transferor Company situated at Plot No. D-2-CH-4-A + D-2/CH/4/8, Dahej-2 Industrial 
Estate, Gujarat, all buildings and structures , offices, branches , residential and other 
premises, machines and equipment , furniture, fixtures, office equipment , computers , 
information technology equipment, laptops, server, vehicles, appliances , accessories , 
power lines, stocks, current assets (including inventories, sundry debtors, bills of 
exchange , loans and advances ), investments of all kinds (including shares, scrips, stocks, 
bonds, debenture stocks, units or pass through certificates , investments in subsidiaries ), 
cash and bank accounts (including bank balances}, contingent rights or benefits, benefits 
of any deposits, earnest monies, receivables , advances or deposits paid by or deemed to 
have been paid by the Transferor Company , financial assets, benefit of any bank 
guarantees, performance guarantees and letters of credit, leases (including lease rights}, 
hire purchase contracts and assets, lending contracts, rights and benefits under any 
agreement , benefit of any security arrangements or under any guarantees , reversions , 
powers, tenancies in relation to the office and/or residential properties, rights to use and 
avail of telephones , telexes, facsimile, email, internet, leased line connections and 
installations , utilities, electricity and other services, pipelines (including utilities and raw 
material pipelines} , reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other 
interest held in trust, registrations , contracts, engagements, arrangements of all kind, 
privileges and all other rights, easements , privileges , liberties and advantages of 
whatsoever nature and wheresoever situate belonging to or in the ownership , power or 
possession and in the control of or vested in or granted in favour of or enjoyed by the 
Transferor Company or in connection with or relating to the Transferor Company and all 
other interests of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership , power, possession 
or the control of or vested in or granted in favour of or held for the benefit of or enjoyed by 
the Transferor Company, whether in India or abroad; 
(ii} all permits, quotas, rights, entitlements , industrial and other licenses (including MOOWRS 
license issued under Custom Act}, contracts, agreements , bids, tenders, letters of intent, 
expressions of interest, memorandums of understanding , offer letters, approvals , 
consents, subsidies , if any, other benefits (including tax benefits}, incentives deductions , 
exemptions , rebates, allowances , amortization, credits (including tax credits received by 
the Transferor Company} , Minimum Alternate Tax Credit ('MAT Credit'}, foreign tax credit, 
dividend distribution tax, tax deducted at source, tax collected at source and advance 
income tax payment, entitlemen t if any, tax losses and exemptions in respect of the profits 
of the undertaking of the Transferor Company for the residual period, i.e., for the period 
remaining as on the Appointed Date out of the total period for which the benefit or 
exemption is available in law if the amalgamation pursuant to this Scheme does not take 
place, deferred tax assets, all other rights including sales tax deferrals and exemptions 
and other benefits, the input credit balances (including, State Goods & Service Tax 
('SGST'), Integrated Goods and Services Tax ('IGST'} and Central Goods and Service 
Tax ('CGST'} credits} under the Goods and Service Tax ('GST') laws, CENVAT/ MODVAT 
credit balances under Central Excise Act, 1944, sales tax law, duty drawback claims, 
rebate receivables , refund and advance, all customs duty benefits and exemptions , export 
and import incentives and benefits or any other benefits/ incentives / exemptions / given 
under any policy announcements issued or promulgated by the government of India or 
state government or any other government body or authority or any other like benefits 
under any statute) receivables , and liabilities related thereto, licenses, powers and 
facilities of every kind, nature and description whatsoever provisions and benefits of all 
agreements , contracts and arrangements and all other interests in connection with or 
relating to the Transferor Company , whether or not so recorded in the books of accounts 
of the Transferor Company ; 
(iii) all debts, borrowings including debentures , obligations , duties and liabilities, both present 
~ PAltv~ and futu~e, ~_u_rrent and ~on-_current (includi~g deferred tax !~abilities, contingent liabilities 
S:~lJ) and the hab1ht1es and obhgatIons under any hcenses or permits or schemes) of every kind, 
~ u,z,& C nature and description whatsoever and howsoever arising, raised or incurred or utilized, 
'-11 ~ whether secured or unsecured , whether in Rupees or foreign currency, whether provided 
• O°? Y for or not in the books of accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of the Transferor 
Company; 
(iv} all trade and service names and marks, patents, copyrights , goodwill, designs and other 
intellectual property rights of any nature whatsoever , books, records, files, papers, 
engineering and process information , software licenses (whether proprietary or 
otherwise), drawings, computer programs , manuals, data, catalogues, quotations , sales 
and advertising material, lists of present and former customers and suppliers, other 
customer information , customer credit information , customer pricing information and all 
other records and documents, whether in physical or electronic form relating to business 
activities and operations of the Transferor Company ; 
(v) All employees and other obligations of whatsoever kind, including liabilities of the 
Transferor Company with regard to its employees , if any, with respect to the payment of 
gratuity, superannuation , pension benefits and the provident fund or compensation or 
benefits, if any, in the event of resignation , death, voluntary retirement or retrenchment or 
otherwise ; and 
(vi) any statutory licenses, permissions , registrations or approvals or consents held by the 
Transferor Company required to set up the manufacturing facility and supporting 
infrastructure (including pipelines) for chemicals , chemical compounds, all kinds of plastic 
materials , emulsions including Vinyl Acetate Monomer and Vinyl Acetate Ethylene 
Emulsion and carry on the operations , shall stand vested in or transferred to the 
Transferee Company without any further act or deed and shall be appropriately mutated 
by the statutory authorities concerned therewith in favour of the Transferee Company and 
the benefit of all the statutory and regulatory permissions , environmental approvals and 
consents, registration or other licenses and consents shall vest in and become available 
to the Transferee Company as if they were originally obtained by the Transferee 
Company. In so far as the various incentives , subsidies , rehabilitation scheme, special 
status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed, granted by any Governmental Authority or 
by any other person, or availed by the Transferor Company , are concerned , the same 
shall vest with and be available to the Transferee Company on the same terms and 
conditions as applicable to the Transferor Company , as if the same had been allotted and/ 
or granted and/ or sanctioned and/ or allowed to the Transferee Company ; 
(vii) all contracts, agreements, memoranda of undertakings, memoranda of agreements , 
arrangements , undertakings , whether written or otherwise, deeds, service agreements, or 
other instruments (including all tenancies , leases, and other assurances in favour of the 
Transferor Company or powers or authorities granted by or to it) of whatsoever nature 
along with any contractual rights and obligations , to which the Transferor Company are a 
party or to the benefit of which the Transferor Company may be eligible, and which are 
subsisting or having effect immediately before the Appointed Date; 
(viii) all records, books of accounts, registers, files, papers, computer programs , software 
licenses, manuals, data, catalogues , quotations , sales and advertising materials , lists of 
present and former customers , suppliers and employees , customer credit information , 
customer pricing information, and other records whether in physical or electronic form 
belonging to or held by the Transferor Company. 
All terms and words not defined in this Scheme shall, unless repugnant or contrary to the context 
or meaning thereof, have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Act and other applicable 
laws, rules, regulations , byelaws, as the case may be or any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force. 
References to clauses and recitals, unless otherwise provided, are to clauses and recitals of and 
to this Scheme. 
The headings herein shall not affect the construction of this Scheme. 
Unless the context otherwise requires: 
i. 
ii. 
V. 
vi. 
vii. 
viii. the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and references to one gender include 
all genders. 
references to a person include any individual , firm, body corporate , government , state or 
agency of a state or any joint venture, association , partnership , works council or employee 
representatives' body (whether or not having separate legal personality). 
any document or agreement includes a reference to that document or agreement as varied, 
amended , supplemented , substituted , novated or assigned, from time to time, in 
accordance with the provisions of such document or agreement ; 
reference to any law or to any provision thereof or to any rule or regulation promulgated 
thereunder includes a reference to such law, provision, rule or regulation as it may, from 
time to time, be amended , supplemented or re-enacted , or to any law, provision, rule or 
regulation that replaces it. 
the term "Clause" or "Sub-Clause" refers to the specified clause of this Scheme, as the 
case may be; 
the words "including" , "include" or "includes" shall be interpreted in a manner as though the 
words "without limitation" immediately followed the same; 
word(s) and expression (s) in the singular shall include the plural and vice versa enacted, 
or to any law, provision, rule or regulation that replaces it. 
the headings herein shall not affect the construction of this Scheme. 
rµ 
2. DATE OF TAKING EFFECT AND OPERATIVE DATE 
The Scheme set out herein in its present form with or without any modification (s) approved 
or imposed or directed by the Tribunal or any other competent authority or made as per the 
Scheme, shall be effective from the Appointed Date but shall be operative from the Effective 
Date. 
Any references in the Scheme to 'upon the Scheme becoming effective' or 'effectiveness of 
the Scheme' shall mean the Effective Date. 
3. SHARE CAPITAL 
3.1. The share capital of Transferor Company as on 30th June 2025 are as under: 
Particulars Amount ('l 
Authorised Share Capital 
130,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Face Value oft 10 each 13,00,00 00,000 
Total 13,00,00 00,000 
Issued, Subscribed, and Paid-up Share Capital 
90,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Face Value of t10 each fully 900,00,00,000 
oaid up 
Total 900,00,00,000 
The equity shares of the Transferor Company are not listed on any Stock Exchanges. 
Subsequent to 30th June 2025 and up to the date of approval of this Scheme by the respective 
Boards of the Transferor Company , there has been no change in the authorized , issued, subscribed 
and paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company. The entire share capital of the Transferor 
Company is held by the Transferee Company , including shares jointly held with its nominee 
shareholders . The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company . 
There are no existing commitments , obligations or arrangements by the Transferor Company as of 
the date of sanction of this Scheme by the Board of Directors to issue any further shares or 
convertible securities. 
3.2. The share capital of Transferee Company as on 30th June 2025 is as under: 
Particulars Amount(') 
Authorised Share Capital 
99,50,00,000 Equity shares of Face Value oft 1 each 99,50,00,000 
50,000 11% Redeemable Cumulative Preference shares of 50,00,000 
Face Value of~ 100 each 
Total 100,00,00,000 
Issued, Subscribed, and Paid up Share Capital 
95,91,97,790 Equity Shares of Face Value of~ 1 each fully paid up 95,91,97,790 
Total 95,91,97,790 
The equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. Subsequent to 
30th June 2025 and up to the date of approval of this Scheme by the Board of Directors of the 
Transferee Company , there has been no change in the authorised , issued, subscribed and paid-up 
share capital of the Transferee Company. 
There are no existing commitments , obligations , or arrangements by the Transferee Company as 
on the date of approval of this Scheme by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company to 
issue any further shares or convertible securities. 
Part II -Amalgama tion of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company 
Section 1 -Transfer and vesting 
4. Transfer and vesting of the entire business and whole of the Undertaking of the 
Transferor Company 
4.1 Upon coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, pursuant to 
the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal or any other competent authority and pursuant 
to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, the 
entire business and whole of the undertaking of the Transferor Company shall be transferred 
to and stand vested and/or deemed to be vested in the Transferee Company , as a going 
concern without any further act, instrument , deed, matter or thing so as to become, as and 
from the Appointed Date, the undertaking of the Transferee Company by virtue of and in the 
manner provided in this Scheme. 
4.2 Transfer and Vesting of Assets 
a) Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 4.1 above, upon the coming into effect of this 
Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all the estate, assets, properties , rights, 
claims, title, interest, and authorities including accretions and appurtenances comprised in 
the Undertaking , if any, of whatsoever nature and where so ever situate shall, under the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable provisions of Applicable 
Law, if any, without any further act or deed, be and stand transferred to and vested in the 
Transferee Company and/or be deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Transferee 
Company as a going concern so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the estate, 
assets, properties, rights, claims, title, interest and authorities of the Transferee Company. 
b) All immovable properties of Transferor Company , if any, including and together with the 
buildings and structures standing thereon and rights and interests in immovable properties 
of the Transferor Company , whether freehold or leasehold or otherwise , and all documents 
of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed to have 
been vested in the Transferee Company , without any further act or deed done or being 
required to be done by the Transferor Company and/or the Transferee Company. The 
Transferee Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to such 
immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the ground rent and Taxes and fulfil all 
obligations in relation to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation or 
substitution of the title to the immovable properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming 
effective, be made, and duly recorded in the name of the Transferee Company by the 
appropriate authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 4.2(a) and 4.2(b) above, in respect of such of 
the assets and properties of the Transferor Company as are movable in nature or incorporeal 
property or are otherwise capable of vesting or transfer by delivery or possession , or by 
endorsement and/or delivery, the same shall stand so transferred or vested by the Transferor 
Company upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and shall, become the assets and 
property of the Transferee Company with effect from the Appointed Date pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, without requiring any deed or instrument of 
conveyance for transfer or vesting of the same. 
In respect of such of the assets and properties belonging to the Transferor Company [other 
than those referred to in Clause 4.2(c) above] including sundry debtors, receivables , bills, 
credits, loans and advances , if any, whether recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be 
received, bank balances, investments, earnest money and deposits with any government , 
quasi government , local or other authority or body or with any company or other person, the 
same shall stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company and/or be deemed 
to have been transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company , without any further act, 
instrument or deed, cost or charge and without any notice or other intimation to any third 
party, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act. 
e) All assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties of the Transferor Company as 
on the Appointed Date, whether or not included in the books of the Transferor Company , and 
all assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties , which are acquired by the 
Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date but prior to the Effective Date, shall be 
deemed to be and shall become the assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties 
of the Transferee Company , and shall under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and all 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, instrument or deed, be 
and stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed to have been transferred to and 
vested in the Transferee Company upon coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect 
from the Appointed Date pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act. 
f) Upon coming into effect of the Scheme, and with effect from the Appointed Date, all the 
profits or income taxes (including advance tax, tax deducted at source, tax collected at 
source, foreign tax credits, dividend distribution tax, MAT credit received by the Transferor 
Company , or any costs, charges, expenditure accruing to the Transferor Company in India 
and abroad or expenditure or losses arising or incurred or suffered by the Transferor 
Company shall for all purpose be treated and be deemed to be and accrue as the profits, 
taxes, income, costs, charges, expenditu re or losses of Transferee Company , as the case 
may be. 
g) All the licenses (including MOOWRS license issued under Custom Act), permits, 
registrations, quotas, entitlements , approvals , permissions , registrations , incentives , tax 
deferrals, exemptions and benefits, subsidies , concessions , grants, rights, claims, leases, 
tenancy rights, liberties, special status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed or conferred 
upon or held or availed of by the Transferor Company and all rights and benefits that have 
accrued or which may accrue to the Transferor Company, whether on, before or after the 
Appointed Date, including income tax benefits, the input credit balances (including, SGST, 
IGST and CGST credits) under the GST laws, and exemptions , shall, under the provisions 
of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable provisions, if any, without any 
further act, instrument or deed, cost or charge be and stand transferred to and vest in and/or 
be deemed to be transferred to and vested in and be available to the Transferee Company 
so as to become the licenses, permits, registrations , quotas, entitlements , approvals , 
permissions , registrations, incentives , tax deferrals, exemptions and benefits, subsidies , 
concessions , grants, rights, claims, leases, tenancy rights, liberties, special status and other 
benefits or privileges of the Transferee Company and shall remain valid, effective and 
enforceable on the same terms and conditions. 
In so far as the various incentives , entertainment tax exemption and benefits, service tax 
benefits, subsidies , grants, special status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed, granted 
by any Appropriate Authority, or availed of by Transferor Company are concerned, the same 
shall, without any further act or deed, vest with and be available to the Transferee Company 
on the same terms and conditions. 
4.3 Contracts, Deeds, etc. 
a) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and subject to the provisions of this Scheme, all 
contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements , schemes, arrangements , insurance , letters of Intent, 
undertakings , policies and other instruments of whatsoever nature, to which the Transferor 
Company are the parties or to the benefit of which Transferor Company may be eligible, and 
which are subsisting or have effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall continue in 
full force and effect on or against or in favour of, as the case may be, the Transferee 
Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor 
Company concerned , the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or oblige 
thereto or thereunder . 
b) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and subject to the provisions of this Scheme, all 
warranties and guarantees, if any, issued by the Transferor Company to its customers on 
the sale of products and rendering of services, and which are subsisting or have effect 
immediately before the Effective Date, shall continue in full force and be recognised and 
discharged by the Transferee Company fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor 
Company concerned , the Transferee Company had been a party or oblige thereto or 
thereunder. 
c) Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Scheme and notwithstanding that vesting of 
the assets occurs by virtue of this Scheme itself, the Transferee Company may, at any time 
after the coming into effect of this Scheme, in accordance with the provisions hereof, if so 
required under any law or otherwise , take such actions and execute such deeds (including 
deeds of adherence), confirmations or other writings or arrangements with any party to any 
contract or arrangement to which the Transferor Company are the party or any writings as 
may be necessary in order to give formal effect to the provisions of this Scheme. The 
Transferee Company shall, after the Effective Date, under the provisions of this Scheme, be 
deemed to be authorised to execute any such writings on behalf of the Transferor Company 
and to carry out or perform all such formalities or compliances referred to above on the part 
of the Transferor Company to be carried out or performed . 
d) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , upon the coming into effect of this 
Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all consents, permissions , licenses, 
certificates , clearances, authorities, powers of attorney given by, issued to or executed in 
favour of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to the Transferee Company as if 
the same were originally given by, issued to or executed in favour of the Transferee 
Company , and the Transferee Company shall be bound by the terms thereof, the obligations 
and duties thereunder , and the rights and benefits under the same shall be available to the 
Transferee Company. 
e) The Transferee Company will be entitled to the benefit of all insurance policies which have 
been issued in respect of the Transferor Company and the name of the Transferee Company 
shall be substituted as "Insured" in the policies as if the Transferee Company was initially a 
party thereto. 
4.4 Transfer and Vesting of Liabilities 
a) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date all debts 
and liabilities of the Transferor Company including all secured and unsecured debts (in 
whatsoever currency), liabilities (including contingent liabilities), duties and obligations of the 
Transferor Company of every kind, nature and description whatsoever whether present or 
future, and howsoever arising, along with any charge, encumbrance, lien or security thereon 
(herein referred to as the "Liabilities") shall, pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the 
Tribunal and under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, instrument , deed, matter or thing, be 
and stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed to have been transferred to and 
vested in the Transferee Company , to the extent they are outstanding on the Effective Date 
so as to become as and from the Appointed Date the Liabilities of the Transferee Company 
on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Transferor Company, and the 
Transferee Company shall meet, discharge and satisfy the same and further it shall not be 
necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who is a party to any 
contract or arrangement by virtue of which such Liabilities have arisen in order to give effect 
to the provisions of the Clause 4.4. 
b) Where any such debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor Company as on 
the Appointed Date have been discharged by such Transferor Company on or after the 
Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to be for 
and on account of the Transferee Com -:::::: e coming into effect of this Scheme. 
c) All loans raised and utilized and all liabilities, duties and obligations incurred or undertaken 
by the Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date 
shall be deemed to have been raised, used, incurred or undertaken for and on behalf of the 
Transferee Company and to the extent they are outstanding on the Effective Date, shall, 
upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 
of the Act, without any further act, instrument or deed be stand transferred to and vested in 
and be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company and shall 
become the loans and liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferee Company which 
shall meet, discharge and satisfy the same. 
d) Loans, advances and other obligations (including any guarantees , letters of credit, letters of 
comfort or any other instrument or arrangement which may give rise to a contingent liability 
in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any time from the Appointed Date to the 
Effective Date become due between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
shall, ipso facto, stand discharged and come to an end and there shall be no liability in that 
behalf on any party and the appropriate effect shall be given in the books of accounts and 
records of the Transferee Company. 
4.5 Employees of Transferor Company 
a) There are no employees on the payroll of Transferor Company . However, the Transferor 
Company has employees who are on deputation from the Transferee Company and continue 
to be governed by the terms and conditions of their employment with the Transferee 
Company . 
b) The following is confirmed for the employees , if any, appointed by the Transferor Company 
at a later date but before the Scheme coming into effect: 
(i) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, Employees, if any of the Transferor 
Company then shall be deemed to have become the employees of the Transferee 
Company , on the same terms and conditions and shall not be less favourable than 
those on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company and without any 
interruption or break in service as a result of the amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company. For the purpose of payment of any 
compensation , gratuity and other terminal benefits, the past services of such 
Employees with the Transferor Company and such benefits to which the Employees 
are entitled in the Transferor Company shall also be taken into account and paid (as 
and when payable) by the Transferee Company. 
(ii) It is clarified that save as expressly provided for in this Scheme, the Employees who 
become the employees of the Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme, shall 
not be entitled to the employment policies and shall not be entitled to avail of any 
schemes and benefits (including employee stock options) that may be applicable and 
available to any of the other employees of the Transferee Company (including the 
benefits of or under any employee stock option schemes applicable to or covering all 
or any of the other employees of the Transferee Company), unless otherwise 
determined by the Transferee Company. The Transferee Company undertakes to 
continue to abide by any agreemenUsettl ement, if any, entered into or deemed to 
have been entered into by the Transferor Company with any of its Employees . 
(iii) In so far as the provident fund, gratuity fund, superannuation fund, retirement fund 
and any other funds or benefits created by the Transferor Company for its Employees 
or to which the Transferor Company is contributing for the benefit of its Employees 
(including government provident fund or other employee benefit fund), herein 
collectively referred to as the "Funds" are concerned , the Funds shall be transferred 
to the respective trusts/funds of the Transferee Company , set up in accordance with 
Applicable Law and, including the obligation to make contributions to the said 
trusts/funds in accordance with the provisions of such trusts/funds, by-laws, etc. in 
respect of such Employees , such that all the rights, duties, powers and obligations of y 
the Transferor Company as the case may be in relation to such schemes/ Funds shall 
become those of the Transferee Company. 
4.6 Transfer of Legal and other Proceedings 
a) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, all suits, actions, and other proceedings 
including legal and taxation proceedings, (including before any statutory or quasi-judicial 
authority or tribunal) by or against the Transferor Company pending on the Effective Date 
shall be continued and/ or enforced by or against the Transferee Company as effectually and 
in the same manner and to the same extent as if the same had been instituted by or against 
the Transferee Company. 
b) If any suit, appeal or other proceeding of whatever nature by or against the Transferor 
Company is pending, the same shall not abate or be discontinued or in any way be 
prejudicially affected by reason of or by anything contained in this Scheme, but the said suit, 
appeal or other legal proceedings may be continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against 
Transferee Company , as the case may be, in the same manner and to the same extent as it 
would or might have been continued , prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferor 
Company as if this Scheme had not been made. 
c) In case of any litigation, suits, recovery proceedings which are to be initiated or may be 
initiated against the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company shall be made party 
thereto and any payment and expenses made thereto shall be the liability of Transferee 
Company. 
d) Without prejudice to other clauses within this Scheme, with effect from the Appointed Date, 
all inter-party transactions between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
shall be considered intra-party transactions for all purposes from the Appointed Date. 
4. 7 Taxation related provisions: 
a) The Scheme has been drawn up to comply with and fall within the definition and conditions 
relating to "Amalgamation " as specified under Section 2(1 B) and other applicable provisions 
of the Income Tax Act, 1961/ new Income Tax Act 2025 ('IT Act'), as amended. If any terms 
or provisions of the Scheme are found or interpreted to be inconsistent with the provisions 
of the said Section of the IT Act, at a later date, including resulting from an amendment of 
law or for any other reason whatsoever, the Scheme shall stand modified/amended/altered 
to the extent determined necessary to comply with and fall within definition and conditions 
relating to "Amalgamation " as specified in the IT Act. In such an event, the inconsistent 
Clauses shall be read down or if the need arises, be deemed to be deleted and such 
modification I reading down or deemed deletion shall however not affect the other parts of 
the Scheme. 
All the expenses incurred by the Transferor Company and Transferee Company in relation 
to the amalgamation of the Undertaking with the Transferee Company as per this Scheme, 
including stamp duty expenses , if any, shall be allowed as a deduction to the Transferee 
Company in accordance with Section 35DD of the IT Act over a period of 5 (five) years 
beginning with the previous year in which the Scheme becomes effective. 
c) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company are expressly permitted to revise, its financial statements and returns (including 
tax deducted at source ("TDS") or tax collected at source ("TCS") returns) along with 
prescribed forms, filings and annexures (including but not limited to TDS certificates) under 
the IT Act (including for the purpose of re-computing income-tax under the normal provisions, 
minimum alternative tax, and claiming other tax benefits), central sales tax, applicable state 
value added tax, entry tax, octroi, local tax laws, service tax laws, excise and central value 
added tax ("CENVAT") duty laws, customs duty laws, if required, to give effect to the 
provisions of the Scheme. Such returns may be revised and filed notwithstanding that the 
statutory period for such revision and filing may have expired. The Transferee Company is 
also expressly permitted to claim refunds/credits in respect of any transaction by and 
between the Transferor Company , and the Transferee Company . With respect to the TDS 
certificates issued in the name of Transferor Company after the Appointed Date, the same 
will be deemed to be issued in the name of the Transferee Company for the income tax 
purposes. 
d) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to (i) claim 
deductions with respect to provisions , expenses , etc., disallowed in earlier years in the hands 
of the Transferor Company , which may be allowable in accordance with the provisions of the 
IT Act on or after the Appointed Date; and (ii) exclude items such as provisions , reversals , 
etc., for which no deduction or tax benefit has been claimed by the Transferor Company prior 
to the Appointed Date. 
e) With effect from the Appointed Date, the Transferee Company is expressly permitted to claim 
any deduction (including deferred revenue expenditure , whether or not recorded for tax 
purposes ) otherwise admissible such as under Sections 40, 40A, 438, etc. of the IT Act/ 
exemption /entitlements , refunds and/or input tax credit/ CENVAT, credit for taxes paid 
(including MAT, TDS/TCS , income tax including advance tax, self-assessment tax, dividend 
distribution tax, carry forward of accumulated losses, unabsorbed depreciation, foreign tax 
credit, etc.) and for matters incidental thereto under IT Act, GST Act, central sales tax, 
applicable state value added tax, service tax laws, local body tax, entry tax, excise duty, and 
CENVAT duty laws, custom duty laws, , and other applicable tax laws which are otherwise 
available to the Transferor Company as a result of its affairs or from the conduct of others 
which have amalgamated with it. 
f) All tax assessment proceedings/appeals of whatsoever nature by or against the Transferor 
Company pending and/or arising at the Appointed Date and relating to the Transferor 
Company shall be continued and/or enforced until the Effective Date by the Transferor 
Company. In the event of the Transferor Company failing to continue or enforce any 
proceedings /appeal, the same may be continued or enforced by the Transferee Company , 
at the cost of the Transferee Company. As and from the Effective Date, the tax proceedings 
shall be continued and enforced by or against the Transferee Company in the same manner 
and to the same extent as would or might have been continued and enforced by or against 
the Transferor Company . 
g) Further, the aforementioned proceedings shall not abate or be discontinued nor be in any 
way prejudicially affected by reason of the amalgamation of the Undertaking with the 
Transferee Company or anything contained in the Scheme. 
h) Any tax liabilities under the IT Act, service tax laws, excise duty laws, central sales tax, 
custom duty laws, local body tax, entry tax, wealth tax, GST Act, applicable state value added 
tax laws or other Applicable Laws dealing with taxes/duties or levies of the Transferor 
Company to the extent not provided for or covered by tax provision in the accounts made as 
on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date shall be transferred to or stand 
transferred to the Transferee Company . Any surplus in the provision for taxation/duties or 
levies account including advance tax, foreign tax credit, MAT credit and TDS as on the date 
immediately preceding the Appointed Date will also be transferred to the account of the 
Transferee Company . 
i) Any refund (including interest, if any) under the IT Act, service tax laws, excise duty laws, 
central sales tax, customs duty, GST Act, applicable state value added tax laws or other 
Applicable Laws dealing with taxes/ duties or levies due to the Transferor Company 
consequent to the assessment made on Transferor Company and for which no credit is taken 
in the accounts as on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date shall also belong 
to and be received by the Transferee Company upon this Scheme becoming effective. 
j) The tax payments (including , without limitation income tax, including advance tax, self­
assessment tax, dividend distribution tax, MAT, service tax, excise duty, central sales tax, 
customs duty, local body tax, entry tax, wealth tax, goods and services tax, applicable state 
value added tax, etc.) whether by way of TDS/TCS, foreign tax credit, advance tax, all 
earnest monies, security deposits, provisional payments , payment under protest, or 
otherwise howsoever , by the Transferor Company after the Appointed Date, shall be deemed 
to be paid by the Transferee Company and shall, in all proceedings , be dealt with 
accordingly. Credit for such taxes shall be allowed to the Transferee Company 
notwithstanding that certificates or challans for taxes paid are in the name of the Transferor 
Company and not in the name of the Transferee Company . 
k) Further, any TDS by the Transferor Company / Transferee Company on transactions with the 
Transferee Company I Transferor Company , if any (from Appointed Date to Effective Date) 
shall be deemed to be advance tax paid by the Transferee Company and shall, in all 
proceedings , be dealt with accordingly . 
I) Obligation for TDS on any payment made by or to be made by the Transferor Company 
under the IT Act, service tax laws, excise duty laws, central sales tax, customs duty, goods 
and service tax laws, applicable state value added tax laws or other applicable laws dealing 
with taxes/ duties or levies shall be made or deemed to have been made and duly complied 
with by the Transferee Company . 
m) Without prejudice to the generality of the above, all benefits, entitlements , incentives , 
accumulated losses, and allowance for unabsorbed depreciation as per Section 72A of the 
IT Act, losses brought forward and unabsorbed depreciation as per books of accounts, 
credits, registrations (including, without limitation income tax, minimum alternate tax, 
TDSfTCS , taxes withheld/paid in a foreign country, wealth tax, service tax, excise duty, 
central sales tax, applicable state value added tax, customs duty, goods and services tax, 
CENVAT, registrations , etc.) to which the Transferor Company are entitled to in terms of 
Applicable laws, shall be available to and vest in the Transferee Company , upon this Scheme 
coming into effect. 
n) Upon coming into effect of this Scheme, all tax compliances under any tax laws by the 
Transferor Company on or after Appointed Date shall be deemed to be made by the 
Transferee Company. 
o) All deductions otherwise admissible to the Transferor Company including payment 
admissible on actual payment or on deduction of appropriate taxes or on payment of tax 
deducted at source (such as under Sections 40, 40A, 438 etc. of the IT Act) shall be available 
for deduction to the Transferee Company as it would have been available to the Transferor 
Company. 
p) The accumulated losses and the allowance for unabsorbed depreciation of the Transferor 
Company shall be deemed to be loss and the allowance for unabsorbed depreciation of the 
Transferee Company in accordance with Section 72A of the IT Act. 
Further, the losses and unabsorbed depreciation as per books of account of the Transferor 
Company as on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date shall be deemed to be 
the brought forward losses and unabsorbed depreciation of the Transferee Company for the 
purpose of computation of book profit to calculate the minimum alternate tax payable by the 
Transferee Company. 
r) Without prejudice to the generality of the above, accumulated losses and allowance for 
unabsorbed depreciation as per Section 72A of the IT Act, losses brought forward and 
unabsorbed depreciation as per books of account, credits (including, without limitation 
income tax, minimum alternate tax, tax deducted at source, taxes withheld/ paid in a foreign 
country, wealth tax, service tax, excise duty, central sales tax, applicable state value added 
tax, customs duty drawback , goods and service tax, etc.) to which the Transferor Company 
are entitled to in terms of applicable laws, shall be available to and vest in the Transferee 
Company upon coming into effect of this Scheme. 
s) The Transferor Company and Transferee Company shall be entitled to file/revise its 
respective income tax returns, TDS certificates, TDS returns, wealth tax returns and other 
statutory returns, if required, and shall have the right to claim refunds, advance tax credits, 
credit of tax deducted at source, dividend distribution tax credits, credit of foreign taxes paid/ 
withheld, excise, service tax credits, set off, balance of input tax credit under goods and 
services tax(as on effective date), etc., if any, as may be required consequent to 
implementation of this Scheme. 
Section 2 -Conduct of Business 
5. Conduct of Business till effective date 
5.1. From the date on which the Boards of Directors of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company approve this Scheme until the Effective Date: 
a) The Transferor Company shall carry on and be deemed to have been carrying on its 
business and activities and shall hold and stand possessed of and shall be deemed to 
hold and stand possessed of all its estates, assets, rights, title, interest, authorities , 
contracts and investments for and on account of, and in trust for, the Transferee 
Company; 
b) The Transferor Company shall carry on their business and activities with due business 
prudence and diligence and shall not, without prior written consent of the Transferee 
Company or pursuant to any preexisting obligation , sell, transfer or otherwise alienate, 
charge, mortgage, encumber or otherwise deal with any part of its assets nor incur or 
accept or acknowledge any debt, make borrowings, obligation or liability except as is 
necessary in the ordinary course of business. 
c) All profits and income accruing or arising to the Transferor Company , and losses and 
expenditure arising or incurred by them (including taxes, if any, accruing or paid in relation 
to any profits or income) for the period commencing from the Appointed Date shall, for all 
purposes , be treated as and be deemed to be the profits, income, losses or expenditure 
(including taxes), as the case may be, of the Transferee Company ; 
d) All debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor Company as on the close of 
business on the date preceding the Appointed Date, whether or not provided in its books 
and all liabilities which arise or accrue on or after the Appointed Date shall be deemed to 
be the debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferee Company; 
e) Any of the rights, powers, authorities or privileges exercised by the Transferor Company 
shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Transferor Company for and on behalf 
of, and in trust for and as an agent of the Transferee Company. Similarly, any of the 
obligations , duties and commitments that have been undertaken or discharged by the 
Transferor Company shall be deemed to have been undertaken for and on behalf of and 
as an agent for the Transferee Company ; and 
f) All taxes (including, without limitation, income tax, minimum alternate tax, GST, sales tax, 
service tax, VAT, excise and custom duties, foreign taxes, etc.) paid or payable by the 
Transferor Company in respect of the operations and/or the profits of the Transferor 
Company before the Appointed Date, shall be on account of the Transferee Company 
and, in so far as it relates to the tax payment (including, without limitation, income tax, 
minimum alternate tax, dividend distribution tax, sales tax, service tax, VAT, excise and 
custom duties, foreign taxes, etc.), whether by way of deduction at source, tax collected 
at source, advance tax or otherwise howsoever , by the Transferor Company in respect of 
the profits or activities or operation of the Transferor Company with effect from the 
Appointed Date, the same shall be deemed to be the corresponding item paid by the 
Transferee Company , and, shall, in all proceedings , be dealt with accordingly. 
5.2. Upon the Scheme coming into effect, Transferee Company shall commence and carry on 
and shall be authorized to carry on the businesses carried on by the Transferor Company. 
6. Consideration and Cancellation of share capital of Transferor Company 
6.1. As the Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary company of the Transferee 
Company, the entire issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of Transferor Company 
are held by the Transferee Company. Upon this Scheme becoming effective, Transferee 
Company would not be required to issue and allot any shares to the shareholders of 
Transferor Company. 
6.2. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no shares of the Transferee Company shall be allotted 
in lieu or exchange of the holding of the wholly owned subsidiary company of the Transferee 
Company in the Transferor Company and the stated capital/issued and paid-up capital of the 
Transferor Company shall stand cancelled on the Effective Date. The said cancellation of the 
existing share capital of the Transferor Company shall be effected as an integral part of this 
Scheme. It is hereby clarified that no consideration shall be discharged by the Transferee 
Company pursuant to amalgamation with Transferor Company. 
6.3. Pending sanction of the Scheme, the Transferor Company shall not, except by way of issue 
of shares/ convertible debentures to the Transferee Company , increase their capital (by fresh 
issue of shares, convertible debentures or otherwise). 
7. Increase in authorised share capital of the Transferee Company 
7.1 As a part of this Scheme, and, upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the authorised 
share capital of the Transferee Company shall automatically stand increased , without any 
further act, instrument or deed on the part of the Transferee Company, if any, including 
payment of stamp duty and fees payable to Registrar of Companies , by the aggregate 
authorised share capital of the Transferor Company . 
7.2 Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and as an integral part of the Scheme, the 
resultant authorised capital of the Transferor Company shall be reclassified / reorganized 
such that each equity share of Rs 10 each of the Transferor Company is reclassified / 
reorganized as 10 equity shares of Re. 1 each of the Transferee Company . 
7.3 In case Scheme becomes effective prior to the Effective Date, the capital Clause 5 of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company shall, as a part of and, upon this 
Scheme becoming effective and without any further act or deed, be replaced with the below 
mentioned clause: . 
"The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 14, 00, 00, 00, 000 (Rupees One 
Thousand Four Hundred Crores only) divided into 13,99,50,00,000 (One Thousand Third 
Hundred Ninety-Nine Crores and Fifty Lakhs only) Equity Shares of Re. 1 (Rupee One) each 
and 50,000 (Fifty Thousand) , 11 % Redeemable Cumulative Preference Shares of Rs. 100 
(Rupees Hundred only) each. with power to increase or reduce or modify the said capital and 
to divide the Share for the time being of the Company into several classes and attach thereto 
preferential , deferred, qualified or special rights or conditions, as may be determined by or in 
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and to vary, modify or abrogate 
any such rights, privileges or conditions in such manner as may for the time being be provided 
for by the Articles of Association of the Company. " 
7.3 It is clarified that for the purposes of Clause 7.1 and 7.2 above, the stamp duties and fees 
~=:::::,...,,. (including registration fee) paid on the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company 
shall be utilized and applied to the increased authorised share capital of the Transferee 
Company and there would be no requirement for any further payment of stamp duty and/or 
fee (including registration fee) by the Transferee Company for increase in the authorised 
share capital to that extent. The Transferee Company shall file requisite forms with the 
concerned Registrar of Companies. 
7.4 It is clarified that the consent/ resolution / approval of NCLT approving the Scheme shall be 
deemed to be the approval for amending the authorised share capital of the Transferee 
Company under Section 13 and other applicable provisions of the Act. The words and figures 
in Clause 5 of the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company relating to the 
authorised share capital shall without any further act, instrument be and stand amended 
pursuant to Section 13 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
8. Dividends 
a) The Transferor Company and Transferee Company shall be entitled to declare and pay 
dividends , whether interim or final, to their respective shareholders in respect of the 
accounting period prior to the Effective Date. 
b) On and from the Effective Date, the profits, if any, of the Transferor Company , for the period 
beginning from the Appointed Date, shall belong to and be the profits of Transferee Company 
and will be available to Transferee Company for being disposed of in any manner as it thinks 
fit. 
c) It is clarified that the aforesaid provisions in respect of declaration of dividends are enabling 
provisions only and shall not be deemed to confer any right on any member of Transferor 
Company and Transferee Company to demand or claim any dividends which, subject to the 
provisions of the said Act, shall be entirely at the discretion of the respective Board of 
Directors of Transferor Company and Transferee Company , subject to such approval of the 
shareholders , as may be required. 
Part Ill -Other terms and Conditions applicable to the Scheme 
This Scheme is in compliance with the provisions /requirements of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, 
for the purpose of Amalgamat ion of the Transferor Company into the Transferee Company and 
other related arrangements and compromise, including reorganization of shareholding , etc., 
amongst the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company and/or their respective 
shareholde rs and creditors. 
9. Accounting and Tax Treatment 
9.1 Tax Treatment 
The Scheme has been drawn up to comply with and fall within the definition and conditions 
relating to "Amalgamation " as specified under Section 2(18) and other applicable provision 
of the IT Act, as amended . If any terms or provisions of the Scheme are found or interpreted 
to be inconsistent with the provisions of the said Section of the Income-tax Act, 1961, at a 
later date, including resulting from an amendment of law or for any other reason whatsoever , 
the Scheme shall stand modified/amended/altered to the extent determined necessary to 
comply with and fall within definition and conditions relating to "Amalgamation" as specified 
in IT Act. In such an event, the Clauses which are inconsistent shall be read down or if the 
need arises, be deemed to be deleted and such modification / reading down or deemed 
deletion shall however not affect the other parts of the Scheme. 
Accounting Treatment 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the other parts of the scheme, the Transferee 
Company shall give effect to the accounting treatment in the books of accounts in 
accordance with the accounting standards specified under Section 133 of the Act read with 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards ) Rules, 2015, as applicable. 
The Transferor Company and Transferee Company , all being the entities under common 
control, shall account for the amalgamation in its financial statemen ts in accordance with 
the "Pooling of Interest Method" laid down by Appendix C of Ind AS 103 -Business 
combinations prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and other generally accepted 
accounting principles read with relevant clarifications issued by Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI). 
b) The Transferee Company, shall upon the Scheme coming into effect, record all the 
assets, liabilities and reserves of the Transferor Companies vested in it pursuant to this 
Scheme, at their existing carrying amounts and in the same form as appearing in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Transferee Company . 
c) Pursuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company , 
the inter-company balances and transactions between the Transferee Company and the 
Transferor Company , if any, shall stand cancelled. 
d) The value of investments held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company 
shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation. 
e) On this Scheme becoming effective, the financial information in the financial statements 
of the transferee company in respect of prior periods will be restated as if Amalgamation 
had occurred from the beginning of the preceding period in the financial statements 
10. Resolutions 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the resolutions , if any, of the Transferor 
Company , which are valid and subsisting on the Effective Date, shall continue to be valid 
and subsisting and be considered as resolutions of the Transferee Company and if any such 
resolutions have any monetary limits approved under the provisions of the Act, or any other 
applicable statutory provisions , then the said limits shall be added to the limits, if any, under 
like resolutions passed by the Transferee Company and shall constitute the aggregate of the 
said limits in the Transfere e Company. 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the borrowing limits of the Transferee Company 
in terms of Section 180 of the Act shall be deemed, without any further act or deed, to have 
been enhanced by the aggregate limits of the Transferor Company which are being 
transferred to the Transferee Company pursuant to the Scheme, such limits being 
incremental to the existing limits of the Transferee Company , with effect from the Appointed 
Date. 
11. Savings of concluded transactions 
The transfer and vesting of assets and liabilities and the continuance of proceedings by or 
against the Transferee Company under Clause 4 above shall not affect any transaction or 
proceedings already concluded by the Transferor Company on or after the Appointed Date 
till the Effective Date, to the end and intent that the Transferee Company accepts and adopts 
all acts, deeds and things done and executed by the Transferor Company in respect thereto 
as if done and executed on its behalf. 
12. Dissolution of the Transferor Company 
a) Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved 
without winding up without any further act or deed. 
b) Even after the Scheme becomes effective, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to 
operate all bank accounts relating to Transferor Company and realize all monies and 
complete and enforce all pending contracts and transactions in the name of Transferor in so 
far as may be necessary until the transfer and vesting of rights and obligations of the 
Transferor Company to the Transferee Company under this scheme is formally effected by 
the parties concerned . 
13. Conditionality 
The effectiveness of the Scheme is conditional upon and subject to: 
(i) the requisite sanction or approval of the Appropriate Authorities of India being obtained 
and/or granted in relation to any of the matters in respect of which such sanction or 
approval is required. 
(ii) this Scheme being approved by the respective requisite majorities of shareholders of the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee Company (as may be required and/or to the 
extent not dispensed with by the Appropriate Authorities) and the requisite orders of the 
Tribunal being obtained; 
(iii) the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act sanctioning the Scheme being filed with the Registrar of 
Companies by the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company ; 
(iv) such other approvals and sanctions as may be required by Applicable Law in respect of 
this Scheme being obtained. 
14. Effect of Non-Rece ipt of Approvals /Sanctions 
In the event of any of the said sanctions and approvals referred to in the preceding Clause 
not being obtained and/or the Scheme not being sanctioned by the Appropriate Authority 
and/or the Order not being passed as aforesaid within such period or periods as may be 
agreed upon between the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company by their Board 
of Directors (and which the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company and Transferee 
Company are hereby empowered and authorized to agree to and extend the Scheme from 
time to time without any limitation) failing which this Scheme shall stand revoked, cancelled 
and be of no effect, save and except in respect of any act or deed done prior thereto as is 
contemplated hereunder or as to any rights and/or liabilities which might have arisen or 
accrued pursuant thereto and which shall be governed and be preserved or worked out as is 
specifically provided in the Scheme or as may otherwise arise in law. 
The Board of Directors of the Transferor Company and Transferee Company shall be entitled 
to withdraw this Scheme prior to the Effective Date. 
The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, if required shall, with all reasonable 
dispatch, make applications/ petitions to the Tribunal under Section 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions , of the Act, seeking orders for dispensing with or convening , holding 
and conducting of the meetings of the classes of its respective members and/or creditors and 
for sanctioning of this Scheme by the Tribunal. 
16. Modifications or amendments to the Scheme 
16.1 Subject to the approval of the Tribunal, the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company , 
through their respective Board of Directors or such other person or persons, as the respective 
Board of Directors may authorize, including any committee or subcommittee thereof, may 
assent from time to time on behalf of all the persons concerned to any modifications or 
amendments or additions to this Scheme subject to approval of the Tribunal or to any conditions 
or limitations which the Tribunal and/or any other competent authorities, if any, under the law 
may deem fit and approve of or impose and which the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company may in their discretion deem fit and may resolve all doubts or difficulties that may 
arise for carrying out this Scheme and do and execute all acts, deeds, matters and things 
necessary for bringing this Scheme into effect. 
For the purpose of giving effect to this Scheme or to any modifications or amendments thereof 
or additions thereto, the delegate of the Transferor Company or the Transferee Company may 
give and is hereby authorized to determine and give all such directions as are necessary 
including directions for settling or removing any question of doubt or difficulty that may arise 
and such determination or directions , as the case may be, shall be binding on all parties in the 
same manner as if the same were specifically incorporated in this Scheme. 
16.2 The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company shall be at liberty to withdraw from this 
Scheme in case any condition or alteration imposed by the Tribunal, or any other authority is 
not on terms acceptable to them. 
16.3 In the event of this Scheme failing to take effect finally, this Scheme shall become null and void 
and in that event no rights and liabilities whatsoever shall accrue to or be incurred inter se by 
the parties or its shareholders or creditors or employees or any other person. In such case each 
Company shall bear its own costs or as may be mutually agreed. 
16.4 If any provision of this Scheme becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to 
be illegal, unenforceable or void, portions of such provision, or such provision in its entirety, to 
the extent necessary , shall be severed from this Scheme, and the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company will negotiate in good faith to agree to replace such illegal, void, or 
unenforceable provision of this Scheme with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, 
to the extent possible, the same economic , business and other purposes of the illegal, void or 
unenforceable provision or act in accordance with a judgment, order, decree, or declaration 
made by a court of competent jurisdiction. The balance of this Scheme shall be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms. 
17. Listing Regulations 
Pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular, the present Scheme being a Scheme of Arrangement for the 
amalgamation of wholly owned subsidiary with the Holding Company , provisions of the said SEBI 
Master Circular will not be applicable. However, the draft Scheme shall be filed with the Stock 
Exchanges for the purpose of disclosure for dissemination purposes. 
18. Sequencing of Events 
Upon the sanction of this Scheme, and upon the Scheme becoming effective, the following shall 
e deemed to have occurred/shall occur and become effective and operative , only in the sequence 
nd in the order mentioned hereunder 
i) Amalgamation of Transferor Company into and with Transferee Company in accordance with 
the Scheme. 
(ii) Dissolution of Transferor Company without winding up in accordance with Clause 12 of this 
Scheme. V 
19. Costs, Charges and Expenses 
All costs, charges, fees, taxes including stamp duties, levies and all other expenses , if any (save 
as expressly otherwise agreed) arising out of or incurred in carrying out and implementing the 
terms & conditions or provisions of this Scheme and matters incidental thereto shall be borne and 
paid by the Transferee Company. All such costs, charges, fees, stamp duty including duties 
(excluding the stamp duty, if any, paid on this scheme which shall be pro rata added to the value 
of the immovable properties ), levies and all other expenses , shall be debited to the Profit and Loss 
Account of the Transferee Company. 