                                         
 
APL/SEC/57/2025- 26/29 
 
24th March 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Security Code: 500820  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT  
 
Sir/Madam,  
 Sub: Intimation under  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations”)  – Scheme of 
Amalgamation between Subsidiary Companies 
 This is to inform you that the Board of Directors of Harind Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Private 
Limited (“Harind”), a subsidiary of the Company, and Nova Surface -Care Centre Private Limited 
(“Nova”), a wholly -owned subsidiary of Harind, at their respective meetings held today i.e., 
Tuesday, 24
th March 2026, have, inter alia , approved the Scheme of Amalgamation of Nova 
(“Transferor Company”) with Harind ("Transferee Company") subject to approval of the regulatory 
authorities.  
 
The said Scheme of Amalgamation is not expected to have any material impact on the financials 
of the Company.  
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, read with the applicable SEBI 
circulars, the requisite information is appended and marked as Annexure A.  
 
The Company will make necessary disclosures on any material developments in this regard, from 
time to time.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 Yours truly,  
 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED  
 
 
 
R J JEYAMURUGAN  
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl.: As above  
  
  
                                         
 
ANNEXURE A 
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars  Disclosure  
a)  Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as 
size, turnover, etc.  Transferor Company: Nova Surface -Care Centre Private Limited (‘‘Nova’’) is 
a private limited company incorporated on 7th September 2011 .  
   
Transferee Company: Harind Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Private 
Limited (“Harind’’) is a private limited company incorporated on 6th June 1995. 
Nova  is a wholly -owned subsidiary of Harind.  
 
Asian Paints Limited (“the Company”) holds 51% stake in Harind, making 
Harind and Nova, subsidiary companies of the Company.  
(Rs. in crores)  
Name of the Entities  Net worth as of  
31.03.2025  Turnover as of 
31.03.2025  
Nova  0.49 0.08 
Harind  18.81 37.87  
 
b)  Whether the 
transaction would fall 
within related party 
transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”.  Yes, it is a related party transaction as Harind and Nova are subsidiaries of the 
Company. The said transaction is in ordinary course of business and at arm’s 
length.  
 
The requisite approval s for the aforementioned related party transaction have 
been duly obtained  from the Audit Committee of the Company.  
c)  Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  Transferor Company: Nova is engaged in the business of testing services of 
paints and related chemicals . 
Transferee Company: Harind is engaged in the business of 
manufacturing/dealing in chemical and other related products related to paints . 
d)  Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger  - Nova’s existing laboratory capacity for testing is exclusively being used by 
Harind, with minimal commercial engagement s with other third-party  
entities.  Given that , operating Nova as a separate standalone entity is no 
longer strategically necessary.  
 
- Amalgamating Nova with Harind will streamline operations and align the 
business structure with its intended purpose, resulting in greater 
operational and strategic coherence . 
 
- It will lead to r eduction in the multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances, generate economies in administrative costs and facilitate 
consolidation to enable effective management . 
e)  In case of cash 
consideration – 
amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio  There is no consideration involved. The entire share capital of Nova is held by 
Harind and its nominees. Accordingly, upon the Scheme of Amalgamation 
becoming effective, all equity shares issued by Nova shall stand cancelled and 
extinguished.  
f)  Brief details of change 
in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of the 
listed entity  Not applicable . 
 