  
 
 March  11, 2026  
To 
The Secretary , 
Listing Department,  
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 . 
 
Scrip Code:  540975  To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd , 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 . 
 
Scrip Symbol:  ASTERDM  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Press release  - Outcome of Hon’ble NCLT convened shareholders and unsecured creditors meeting 
held on March 10, 2026  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we wish to inform that the Company has issued a press release regarding the outcome of the meetings of 
the equity shareholders and unsecured creditor s of the Company convened pursuant to the directions of 
the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, which were held on March 10, 2026. 
The said press release is enclosed herewith for your information and records.  
Kindly take the same on record.  
Thank you 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
 Hemish Purushottam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer  
M. No. A24331 
 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare receives overwhelmingly positive  shareholder and 
creditors vote for Aster -QCIL merger  
 
• The transaction had received CCI and Stock Exchange approvals earlier.  
• The combined entity Aster DM Quality Care Ltd will become one of India's top three hospital 
chains with over 10, 625+  beds across the country  
• Merger expected to be completed in the next quarter  
 
Bengaluru: Aster DM Healthcare Limited today announced that it has received an overwhelming  
96.68%  voting  approval  from shareholders  along with a significant  majority of minority shareholders  
and creditors voting in favour  of the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation with Quality Care India 
Limited (QCIL). The approval follows support from the Company’s shareholders, in favour  of the share 
swap preceding the merger , reflecting  broad -based investor support for the  overall transaction.  The 
merger is expected to be completed in the next quarter , post  receipt of remaining regulatory and 
statutory NCLT approvals.  
 
Commenting the strong positive voting, Dr. Azad Moopen, Founder Chairman, Aster DM Healthcare  
said, “The strong support from our shareholders reflects their confidence in the strategic rationale of 
this merger and the long -term value it will deliver . By bringing together Aster DM Healthcare and 
Quality Care India, we are building a scaled, future-ready healthcare platform with the clinical depth, operational strength and governance framework required to serve millions of patients across the 
country. This pa rtnership combines Aster’s legacy of patient -centric care and physician leadership with 
the institutional strength and growth expertise of Blackstone. Together, we are well positioned to 
expand access to high -quality healthcare, invest in clinical excellen ce and innovation, and create one 
of India’s leading integrated healthcare networks.”  
 Upon completion, the combined entity is expected to emerge as one of the top three hospital chains 
in India , with a diversified presence across 9 states and 28 cities . The merged platform will operate 
39 hospitals with 10,625+ beds , supported by over  36,307+  employees and clinicians , serving millions 
of patients annually across hospitals, clinics, laboratories and allied healthcare services.  
 
 
 
About Aster DM Healthcare, India  
Aster DM Healthcare Limited is one of the largest healthcare service providers operating in India with a 
strong presence across primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary healthcare through 20 hospitals with 
5,451 beds, 10 clinics, 203 pharmacies (Operated by Alfaone Retail Pharmacies Private Limited under brand 
license from Aster), and 302 labs and patient experience centers across 5 states in India, delivering a simple 
yet strong promise to different stakeholders: “We’ll Treat You Well.”  
For more information about us, please visit  www.asterdmhealthcare.com or contact:  
 
Get in touch: Aster DM Healthcare  
Corporate Communications  Investor Relations  
Sreehari Nair  
Email: sreehari.nair@asterdmhealthcare.in  
Mob: +91 9606077445  Puneet Maheshwari  
Email: puneet.maheshwari@asterdmhealthcare.in   
Mob: + 91 9920486380  
 
Himani Singla  
Email: himani.singla@asterdmhealthcare.in   
Mob: +91 9569926021  
 