  
 
 02 July 2026  
To 
The Secretary , 
Listing Department,  
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 . 
 
Scrip Code:  540975  To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd , 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 . 
 
Scrip Symbol:  ASTERDM  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Press release on successful completion of the merger between Aster DM Healthcare and Quality 
Care India Limited  
 
Re: Regulation 30 read -with Schedule III to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements ) 
Regulations, 2015 
With reference to the captioned subject, please ﬁnd enclosed press release being issued today in relation 
to commenc ement of  operations following the successful completion of the merger between Aster DM 
Healthcare and Quality Care India Limited (QCIL), bringing together four trusted healthcare brands - Aster 
DM, CARE Hospitals, Evercare and KIMSHEALTH . 
This is for your information and records . 
 Thank you 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
 
__________________  
Hemish Purushottam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer  
M. No. A24331 
 
  
 
 
 
Aster Quality Care begins operations with a mission to expand advanced 
healthcare beyond India’s metros  
• Operations to begin with 39 hospitals across 28 cities, with a focus on expanding specialist 
care, advanced treatment and medical technology beyond the metros  
Bengaluru , July 01 , 2026 : Aster DM Quality Care L imite d today commenced operations following the 
successful completion of the merger between Aster DM Healthcare and Quality Care India Limited 
(QCIL), bringing together four trusted healthcare brands  - Aster DM, CARE Hospitals, Evercare and 
KIMSHEALTH . More than the combination of two leading healthcare organisations , the merger creates 
a stronger platform with a shared purpose: expanding access to world -class healthcare by bringing 
specialist expertise, advanced treatment and cutting -edge medical technology closer to patients across 
India. In the new combined entity Dr. Azad Moopen will continue as Executive Chairman and Mr. Varun 
Khanna will lead the business as Managing Director and Group CEO.   
With a strong footprint across South and Central India, Aster Quality Care will have a signiﬁcant 
presence in several underpenetrated fast-growing healthcare centres beyond the metros. These 
centres will play an increasingly important role in the group's long -term strategy to decentralise 
aﬀordable and advanced healthcare by expanding specialist services, investing in cutting -edge 
technologies and strengthening centres of excellence closer to where patients live.  
Commenting on the Day 1 operations of the merged entity, Dr. Azad Moopen, Executive  Chairman, 
Aster DM Quality Care , said , “The coming together of Aster and Quality Care as a single enterprise 
marks a deﬁning milestone in our journey to build one of India's most trusted and future- ready 
healthcare institutions. More than the combination of two healthcare networks; it is the convergence 
of shared values, clinical excellence, deep medical expertise and an unwavering commitment to patient care. Together, we are creating an institution that is stronger, more resilien t and better 
positioned to address the evolving healthcare needs of India .”   
On the strategic priorities for the combined organization,  Mr. Varun Khanna , Managing Director  and 
Group CEO, Aster DM Quality Care  said,  “Aster Quality Care brings together highly complementary 
institutions, strong clinical ecosystems and teams united by a shared ambition to strengthen healthcare delivery in India. At Aster Quality Care patients and their families will be at the centre of 
every decision, with digitally enabled solutions and a strong bias for high -quality clinical outcomes.  
Our immediate focus is disciplined and seamless integration with continuity of patient care. We are committed to ensuring that patients, clinicians, employees and partners experience stability and consistency as we bring  together systems, capabilities and best practices across the combined 
network.”  
The combined platform is expected to unlock signiﬁcant synergies across clinical collaboration, technology adoption, procurement, digital health and operational excellence. Doctors across the network will increasingly collaborate through shared protocols,  multidisciplinary case discussions and 
 
 
 
centres of excellence, enabling patients to beneﬁt from a broader pool of expertise while receiving 
consistent standards of care across the network.  
With 39 hospitals across 28 cities and over 10,600 beds, Aster DM Quality Care is uniquely positioned 
to expand access to specialist care, advanced treatment and cutting -edge medical technology across 
India's tier 2 and tier 3 cities  including Nagpur, Aurangabad, Vijayawada, Guntur, Bhubaneswar, Raipur, 
Nagercoil, Kolhapur, Kannur, Kasaragod, and Kottakkal , reducing the need for patients to travel to 
metropolitan centres for complex healthcare.   
This commitment is a reﬂection of a vision both organizations have consistently pursued over the years 
- taking advanced healthcare capabilities to emerging cities. From introducing the ﬁrst LINAC -based 
radiation therapy system in Nagercoil to expanding robotic surgery programmes across Raipur, 
Trivandrum, Kolhapur and soon Guntur and Vijayawada  – these investments are not only bringing 
advanced clinical care closer to patients but also supporting the attraction and retention of high- quality 
clinical talent in non- metro cities . Building on this foundation, the combined entity will accelerate 
investments in advanced technologies such as Gamma Knife, stereotactic radiosurgery systems (like 
ZAP), 10 robotic surgical platforms , and other next generation clinical capabilities, while 
simultaneously making advanced cancer care more accessible through the addition of 12 LINAC -based 
radiation therapy systems  across tier 2 and tier 3 cities.  
The group’s combined bed strength is expected to grow to over 15,0 00 beds over the coming years, 
helping expand access to aﬀordable care across the country.  With more than 45,000 healthcare 
professionals, the combined entity brings together one of India’s most extensive clinical ecosystems, 
enabling greater collaboration among doctors, nurses and caregivers while strengthening access to 
high -quality care acros s the network. As the network grows, the platform is expected to create 
thousands of additional employment opportunities for doctors, nurses, allied healthcare professionals 
and support staﬀ, further strengthening the healthcare ecosystem in the communities it serves. 
About Aster DM Quality Care Limited * 
Aster DM Quality Care Limited is one of India’s leading integrated healthcare providers, formed 
through the merger of Aster DM Healthcare Limited and Quality Care India Limited. The merged entity will bring together four leading healthcare brands - Aster D M, CARE Hospitals, Evercare and 
KIMSHEALTH, creating a scaled and diversiﬁed healthcare platform with a network of 39 hospitals across 28 cities and over 10,600 beds. With a strong presence across South and Central India, the 
merged entity will deliver comprehensive healthcare services spanning primary, secondary, tertiary 
and quaternary care, supported by centres of excellence across key specialties including oncology, 
cardiac sciences, neurosciences, gastro sciences, orthopaedics, nephrology, organ transplantation, 
mother and child care, and critical care.  
 
 
*Name change subject to receipt of Certiﬁcate of Incorporation pursuant to the merger. Currently named Aster DM Healthcare Li mited. 