  
 
 January  23, 202 6 
To 
The Secretary , 
Listing Department,  
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 . 
 
Scrip Code:  540975  To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd , 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex , 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 . 
 
Scrip Symbol:  ASTERDM  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Press release on the receipt of the NCLT Order dated January 21, 2026  
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed the press release regarding receipt of the 
order of the Hon ’ble NCLT directing convening of the meetings of the shareholders and unsecured 
creditors for approval of the proposed Amalgamation  with Quality Care India Limited . 
This is for the information and records . 
 Thank you 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited  
 
 
Hemish Purushottam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
M. No. A24331  
 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare receives NCLT order to convene shareholders' and 
creditors ’ meetings  for approval of the merger with Quality Care India Ltd  
 The scheme of merger has now received the NCLT order to convene the 
shareholders/creditors meeting   
 The transaction had received CCI and Stock Exchange approvals earlier.   
 The combined entity Aster DM Quality Care Ltd will become one of India's top three hospital 
chains with over 10, 360 beds across the country  
 
Bengaluru , January  23, 2026: The me rger between  Aster DM Healthcare Limited , and Quality Care 
India Ltd , one of the largest merger announcements in the healthcare industry  has now received an 
order from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal  (NCLT ), Hyderabad Bench  to convene the 
shareholders  and unsecured trade  creditors meeting  for approval of the merger . The meeting will be 
fixed for a date between February 27, 2026 and March 13, 2026.  The merger transaction is already in 
recei pt of  approvals from Competi tion Commission of India (CCI)  and ‘No Objection ’ letters from the 
Stock Exchange s. The company expects to complete the merger process by Q1  FY27 , subject to receipt 
of all regulatory approvals  and completion of other conditions precedents .  
The merged entity ‘Aster DM Quality Care ’ will be promoted by Aster Promoters and Blackstone and 
brings together the strengths of two leading healthcare providers  with a common vision of expanding 
access to high -quality medical care across the country.   
Dr. Azad Moopen, Founder & Chairman, Aster DM Healthcare , said , "We are pleased  with  the 
significant progress achieved in the merger process  and are confident of shareholders/  unsecured 
creditors approval as well  as pursuant to  the NCLT order . We remain committed to working toward a 
speedy completion of the merger and look forward to making it effective  by Q1 FY27 . Looking ahead, 
our focus will be on executing a disciplined integration strategy that leverages the complementary 
networks, clinical  expertise, and operational strengths of Aster and Quality Care. Th e merger provides 
a strong platform to scale efficiently, enhance clinical excellence, and accelerate innovation, enabling 
us to build a more resilient and future -ready healthcare organizati on that delivers improved access 
and outcomes for patients across the country .”  
The merged entity ‘Aster DM Quality Care Limited ’ will have a combined portfolio of four leading 
brands: Aster DM, CARE Hospitals, KIMSHEALTH and Evercare. As of September  30, 2025, the 
combined bed strength of Aster and QCIL stands over 10,360 beds with bed strength of Aster at 5 ,195+ 
beds and QCIL at 5 ,165+ respectively. Looking ahead, the merged entity aspires  to increase bed 
capacity to around 14, 715+ beds over the coming years. With the combined scale, the merged entity 
will also be well -positioned to explore investments  in advanced medical technologies and digital health 
platforms  - driving innovation and creating a more integrated, seamless patient  experience.  
  
 
 
About Aster DM Healthcare, India  
Aster DM Healthcare Limited is one of the largest healthcare service providers operating in India with a 
strong presence across primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary healthcare through 19 hospitals wi th 
5,199 beds, 10 clinics, 203 pharmacies (Operated by Alfaone Retail Pharmacies Private Limited under brand 
license from Aster), and 283 labs and patient experience centers  across 5 states in India, delivering a simple 
yet strong promise to different stakeholders: “We’ll Treat You Well. ”  
For more information about us, please visit  www.asterdmhealthcare.com or contact:  
Get in touch: Aster DM Healthcare  
Corporate Communications  Investor Relations  
Sreehari Nair  
Email: sreehari.nair@asterdmhealthcare.in  
Mob: +91 9606077445  Puneet Maheshwari  
Email: puneet.maheshwari@asterdmhealthcare.in   
Mob: + 91 9920486380  
 
Himani Singla  
Email: himani.singla@asterdmhealthcare.in   
Mob: +91 95699260 21 
 