 
 
29 August 2026  
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Scrip Code:  540975  The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Symbol:  ASTERDM  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Subject: Approval of Scheme of Amalgamation of KIMSHEALTH Executive Leisure Private Limited with 
Spiceretreat Hospitality Services Private Limited, step- down subsidiaries of the Company 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
With reference to the captioned subject, we wish to inform you that the respective Boards of Directors of KIMSHEALTH Executive Leisure Private Limited ("KEL") and Spiceretreat Hospitality Services Private Limited (“SHSPL”), step -down subsidiaries  of the Company, at their respective 
meetings held on 29 August 2026 , have approved the Scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”)  of KEL 
with SHSPL , subject to receipt of the requisite statutory and regulatory approvals.  
 
The Appointed Date of the Scheme is 1 April 2026 . 
 
The requisite details, as required under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI 
Master Circular dated 30 January 2026, are enclosed as  Annexure A . 
 
This is for your information and records.  This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s 
website at www.asterqualitycare.com . 
  
Thanking you,  
 
For Aster DM Quality Care Limited  
(Formerly Aster DM Healthcare Limited)  
 
 
____________________  
Hemish Purushottam  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A24331  
 
 
Annexure A  
 
Details as required under Regulation 30 of the  Listing Regulations  read with the SEBI Master Circular 
dated January 30, 2026  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1 Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/ merger, 
details in brief such as 
size, turnover etc.  Transferor Company : KIMSHEALTH Executive Leisure Private Limited 
("KEL") was incorporated on 09.04.1999  
Transferee Company: Spiceretreat Hospitality Services Private 
Limited ("SHSPL")  was incorporated on 20.09.2018  
 
Brief:  KEL and SHSPL are wholly -owned subsidiaries of KIMS Health 
Care Management Limited and step -down subsidiaries of Aster DM 
Quality Care Limited.  
 Turnover: as on 31.03.2026 
KEL:  
₹1.47 Crore  
SHSPL:  ₹77.15 crore  
2 Whether the transaction 
would fall within related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at arm's length?  
 Yes. 
However, since the transaction is between two wholly -owned step -
down subsidiaries of the Company, it is exempted as per Regulation 
23(5)(c) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
3 Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  
 KEL and SHSPL are engaged in hospitality and allied service 
businesses. KEL primarily operates accommodation -related 
hospitality services, while SHSPL provides hotel, food and beverage 
and related hospitality support services.  
4 Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger  
 The proposed amalgamation is intended to simplify the group 
structure, enable better operational and administrative efficiencies, 
optimise utilisation of resources, facilitate efficient cash 
management, eliminate duplication of regulatory and compliance requirements and strengthen the business operations of the merged 
entity.  
5 In case of cash 
consideration – amount 
or otherwise share 
exchange ratio  
 No consideration  shall be payable in cash pursuant to the Scheme.  
In consideration , 13.4391 fully paid -up equity shares of ₹10 each of 
SHSPL with a fair value of ₹43,400 per share shall be issued and 
allotted for every 1 ,000 fully paid -up equity shares of ₹10 each held 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
in KEL with a fair value of ₹583.3 per share  based on valuation 
report and fairness opinion dated 24 June 2026 issued by D&P 
India Advisory  Services LLP  and Kroll Advisory Private Limited  
respectively.   
 
6 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of listed entity  The proposed amalgamation will not result in any change in the 
shareholding pattern of Aster DM Quality Care Limited.  
=== 
 