 
 
 
 Date:  July 29, 2026  
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  
 
Scrip Code:  532830  To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G -Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol:  ASTRAL  
 Sub: Outcome of the Board M eeting  held on July 29, 2026, pursuant to Regulations 30 read 
with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations"),  in 
continuation of the disclosure made by the Company on June 25, 2026 and July 5, 2026 wherein the 
Board had decided to undertake a comprehensive independent review of the Composite Scheme  of 
Arrangement . The  Company appointed reputed Independent  Consultant  (“Independent Consultant” ) 
for undertaking a comprehensive evaluation of the Com posite Scheme of Arrangement and give their 
recommendations to the Board.  
 The Independent  Consultant  has analy sed the Com posite Scheme of Arrangement  in the current form 
and has also evaluated  the other option for restructuring. The Independent  Consultant  has 
recommended not to proce ed with the Com posite Scheme of Arrangement  in the present form in light 
of the current scale of the Chemical  Business .  
 
The Board undertook a comprehensive review the Composite  Scheme of Arrangement  after 
considering the feedback received from I ndependent Consultant , various stakeholders, including 
shareholders, investors and other market participants, together with the prevailing business environment and the long- term strategic objectives of the Company.  
 
After detailed deliberations, the Board concluded that, at this stage, the proposed Composite Scheme  
of Arrangement  may not be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and the demerger 
of the  Chemical Business may be consider ed once it achieves  scale and has financial strength  to fund 
its organic  and inorganic  growth.  
 
Accordingly, the Board has decided to withdraw the Composite Scheme of Arrangement  now, and no 
further steps will be undertaken in relation to the proposed the Com posite Scheme of Arrangement . 
 The Company remains fully committed to enhancing shareholder value and will continue to evaluate 
various strategic initiatives for the growth of its businesses. The Company will make appropriate 
disclosures to the stock exchanges in accordance with applica ble laws and regulations as and when 
any material development occurs.  
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company commenced at 04:00 P.M. and concluded at 
04:30 P.M. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you  
 Yours faithfully,  
For, Astral Limited  
  
Chintankumar Patel  
Company Secretary  
Membership No: A29326  