 
 
1 
 Date:  June 25, 2026  
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G -Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol:  ASTRAL  To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  
 
Scrip Code:  532830  
 
Sub:  Outcome of the Board M eeting held on June 25, 2026 , pursuant to Regulations 
30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI LODR Regulations, we would 
like to inform you that the board of directors of the Company  (“Board”)  at its meeting held 
today i.e., Thursday, June 25, 2026 , after considering the recommendations and Reports of 
the Audit Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors, and after due deliberations, 
inter alia , considered and approved the Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst Astral 
Limited (“ Demerged Company”/“Transferee Company) , Astral Chemie Limited (Formerly 
known as Astral Coatings Private Limited) (“Resulting Company” ) and Al -Aziz Plastics 
Private Limited (“ Transferor Company” ) and their respe ctive shareholders and creditors on 
the terms and conditions as set out in the Scheme as per Section 230 to 233 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”, and such 
Composite Scheme of Arrangement , the “Scheme”).  
 The Scheme inter alia, provides for:  
 
(i) Demerger and Transfer of the Chemicals Business Undertaking along- with all its related 
assets and liabilities  of Astral Limited (the “ Demerged Company”) and vesting of the 
same with and into Astral Chemie Limited (formerly known as Astral Coatings Private Limited) (the “ Resulting Company”), on a going concern basis in the manner as set out 
in this S cheme; and 
 
(ii) Amalgamation of Al -Aziz Plastics Private Limited (the “ Transferor Company”) into and 
with Astral Limited (the  “Transferee  Company ”) and subsequent dissolution of the 
Transferor Company  in the manner as set out in this Scheme ; and  
 
(iii) Various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected herewith.  
 
The Scheme  is, inter alia,  subject to the receipt of requisite approvals from the National 
Company Law Tribunal , Ahmedabad Bench , Securities and Exchange Board of India (" SEBI "), 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (collectively, the " Stock 
Exchanges") and other statutory and regulatory authorities, and the respective shareholders 
and creditors, under applicable law.  
 
  
 
 
2 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD- POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, details in respect of 
the Scheme are set out in Annexure – A and a copy of the press release is enclosed herewith.  
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors  of the Company commenced at 4:30 P.M. and 
concluded at  6:45 P.M.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For, Astral Limited 
 
 
 
Chintankumar Patel  
Company Secretary  
Membership No: A29326 Encl.: As above.  
  
  
 
 
3 
 Annexure A  
 
Details of Demerger  
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO THE SEBI LODR REGULATIONS READ WITH THE SEBI 
MASTER CIRCULAR HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD- POD2/I/3762/2026 DATED JANUARY 30, 
2026 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1 Brief details of the 
division(s) to be 
demerged;  The Chemical s Business Undertaking consists of all the 
business, undertakings, activities, operations and 
properties relating to the Chemicals B usiness (as defined 
in the Scheme) of the Demerged Company is proposed to 
be demerged into the Resulting Company  on a going 
concern basis . 
 
2 Turnover of the 
demerged division and 
as percentage to the 
total turnover of the 
listed entity in the 
immediately preceding 
financial year/ based on 
financials of the last 
financial year  
  The turnover of the Demerged Undertaking for the year 
ended March 31, 2026 stood at ₹  12,663 million . This 
represents 21% of the total turnover of Demerged 
Company  for the year ended March 31, 2026.  
4 Rationale for demerger   Please refer Annexure – I 
 
 5 Brief details of change 
in shareholding pattern 
(if any) of all entities  • There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of 
the Demerged Company pursuant to the effectiveness 
of the Scheme.  
 
• The Resulting Company is presently a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Demerged Company. Pursuant to the  
effectiveness of the Scheme, the the Resulting 
Company shall, issue and allot equity shares to all the 
members of the Demerged Company, holding fully paid-
up equity shares on the Record Date in the following 
manner:  
 
“1 (One) Equity Share of Resulting Company of a face 
value of ₹1/ - each, fully paid- up shall be issued for every 
1 (One) Equity Shares of a face value of ₹ 1/- each, fully 
paid- up held in Demerged Company”  
 
• Further , the existing equity shares of the Resulting 
Company held by the Demerged Company shall stand 
cancelled and reduced, without any consideration by 
operation of law.  
 
Brief details of change in shareholding pattern of Resulting 
Company  are provided as under:  
 
 
 
4 
 Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
Particulars  Pre-Scheme 
shareholding % 
(as on March  31, 
2026)  Post - Scheme 
shareholding 
% (Indicative)  
Promoters  and 
Promoter Group  100.00  54.22  
Public  - 45.78  
Total  100.00  100.00  
 
6 In case of cash 
consideration – amount 
or otherwise share 
exchange ratio;   • There is no cash consideration being discharged under 
the Scheme.  
 
• For the purpose of the demerger of Chemicals Business 
Undertaking of Demerged Company into Resulting 
Company, the Resulting Company will issue 1 (One) 
Equity Share of a face value of ₹1/ - each, fully paid- up 
shall be issued for every 1 (One) Equity Shares of a face 
value of ₹ 1/- each, fully paid- up held in Demerged 
Company . 
 
• The post Scheme shareholding pattern of Resulting 
Company will replicate/ mirror the shareholding pattern 
of Demerged Company.  
  
7 Whether listing would 
be sought for the 
resulting entity  Yes. The equity shares of Resulting Company  shall be 
listed and admitted to trading on The National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (having 
nationwide terminal) pursuant to the Scheme, subject to 
receipt of requisite approvals from statutory and regulatory authorities.  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
5 
  
Details of Amalgamation 
 
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO THE SEBI LODR REGULATIONS READ WITH THE SEBI 
MASTER CIRCULAR HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD- POD2/I/3762/2026 DATED JANUARY 30, 
2026.  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1 Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc.   1. Astral Limited (“ Demerged Company”/ “Transferee 
Company),  
2. Al-Aziz Plastics Private Limited (“ Transferor 
Company” )  
 
The details of the turnover and net worth of the 
aforementioned companies as per standalone audited 
financials for the year ended March 31, 2026 are as under:  
(₹ in Million)  
Entity  Standalone  
Total Turnover  
for Financial 
Year March 31, 
2026  Total Net worth 
as on March 31, 
2026 
Astral Limited  59,076   41,058  
Al-Aziz Plastics 
Private Limited   373 215 
 
2 Whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same 
is done at “arm’s 
length”;   Transferor  Company , being a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Demerged Company, is a related party  of the 
Demerged Company . However, in terms of General 
Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 2014 issued by Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circular”), the transactions 
arising out of compromises, arrangements and 
amalgamation under the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), will 
not attract the requirements of Section 188 of the Act.  
 
Further, pursuant to t he provisions of Regulation 23 (5) of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ SEBI 
Listing Regulations ”), the provisions relating to related 
party transactions are not applicable.  
 
4 Area of business of the 
entity(ies);  
 
  1. Transferee Company was incorporated on March 25, 
1996 and is engaged in in the business of 
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of a wide 
range of building material products and solutions 
catering to the requirements of domestic, industrial and 
agricultural sectors.   
 
2. Transferor Company  was incorporated on June 24, 
1997 and is engaged in the business of manufacturing 
and supplying of electrofusion fittings, compression 
fittings, saddles, electrical fittings and allied 
accessories, used in the distribution and transmission 
 
 
6 
 Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
systems of gas, water, electricity and solar energy, and 
other infrastructure and utility applications.  
 5 Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger;   Please refer Annexure - I 
6 In case of cash 
consideration – amount 
or otherwise share 
exchange ratio;   Upon the Scheme coming into effect and as a result of 
amalgamation of Transferor Company  into Transferee  
Company , the equity shares of Transferor Company  held 
by Transferee  Company shall stand extinguished.  
  
7 Brief details of change 
in shareholding pattern 
(if any) of listed entity.   Post the Scheme becoming effective, there will be no 
change in shareholding of Transferee  Company and  the 
Transferor  Company shall be dissolved without being 
wound up.  
 
 
  
 
 
7 
 Annexure – I 
Rationale  of Composite Scheme of Arrangement  
 
DEMERGER : The demerger of the Chemical Undertaking of the Demerged Company into the 
Resulting Company is predicated on the following distinct commercial principles:  
 
1. The Chemicals Business has diversified across adhesives, polyvinyl acetate (PVA), 
cyanoacrylates, solvent cements, silicone sealants, epoxy resins, construction 
chemicals, putties and allied products, and has further scaled into specialty chemicals 
segment s through recent strategic acquisitions, all of which complement the existing 
paints and coatings business of the Resulting Company. The reorganisation will 
consolidate the Chemicals Business of Demerged Company  with the existing paints 
and coatings business of the Resulting Company  under a single, dedicated corporate 
platform managed by a focused leadership team with deep sector -specific expertise.  
 
2. The Resulting Company will achieve operational efficiencies, cost optimization and specialisation for sustained growth and enhance competitive strength by ensuring 
benefits through focused management of the financial, managerial and technical 
resources, personnel capabilities, skills, expertise, combined R&D initiatives and 
technologies.  
 
3. The reorganisation will enable the respective management teams to independently 
formulate and execute business plans, undertake capacity expansion, develop new 
products, enter new markets and pursue focused acquisitions, collaborations and other 
growth opportunities relevant to their respective businesses.  
 
4. The reorganisation will enable each business to independently determine its capital 
expenditure, working- capital requirements, funding and investment strategies based 
on their respective growth prospects, capital intensity, cash- flow profile and risk -return 
characteristics.  As the two businesses operate under different macroeconomic 
environments, regulatory frameworks and market risks, the demerger isolates the 
operational, cyclical and compliance risks of each business.  
 
5. As separately listed entities, the Resulting Company  and Demerged Company will 
have the flexibility, subject to Applicable Laws, to independently access debt and 
equity capital and attract strategic and financial investors interested in different 
investment objectives, thereby aligning investment strategies and risk profiles to each 
business.  
 
AMALGAMATION : The amalgamation of the Transferor Company into the Transferee 
Company is envisioned to achieve the following strategic and operational objectives:  
 
1. The Transferor Company  is engaged in the business which is complementary to the 
Plumbing Business of the Transferee Company. The amalgamation will enable the integration of its manufacturing facilities and capabilities, products, and customer 
relationships with the Plumbing Busi ness, while also reducing legal and regulatory 
compliances burden and related administrative costs.  
2. The reorgani sation will support operational efficiencies, cost optimization and 
specialisation for sustained growth and enhance competitive strength through the focused deployment of financial, managerial and technical resources, personnel 
capabilities, skills, expertise and technologies across the Transferor Company, thereby 
contributing meaningfully to the future grow th. 
3. The reorgani sation will enable the combined management team to formulate and 
execute business plans, undertake capacity expansion, develop new products, enter 
new markets and pursue focused acquisitions, collaborations and other growth 
opportunities relevant to their respec tive businesses.  
 
 
 
 
Astral Limited announces approval of the Composite Scheme of Arrangements amongst 
Parent Company and two of its subsidiaries 
 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat – June 25, 2026 – Astral Limited, pioneer in manufacturing of CPVC pipes & 
fittings (referred to as “ASTRAL” or the “Company”), today announced that the Board of Directors of 
ASTRAL approved the Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst its three companies: 
 
1. Astral Limited, parent Company (“Demerged Company”/ “Transferee Company”) ,  
2. Astral Chemie Limited (Formerly Known as Astral Coatings Private Limited), a 100% subsidiary 
of Astral (“Resulting Company”)  and  
3. Al-Aziz Plastics Private Limited, a 100% subsidiary of Astral (“Transferor Company”)   
and their respective shareholders. 
 
Astral Limited is primarily engaged in two principal business verticals (a) Plumbing Business, 
comprising of pipes, fittings, water tanks, faucets and sanitaryware; and (b) Chemicals Business, 
comprising of adhesives, sealants, construction chemicals, and other chemical and chemical based 
products. The Chemical Business of Astral Limited (the “Demerged Company” ) has synergy with and 
complementary to the business of Astral Chemie Limited, a 100% subsidiary Company of Astral (the 
“Resulting Company” ), which is engaged in the business of manufacturing and supply of 
comprehensive Paints & Coatings catering to the requirements of residential, commercial and 
industrial end ‑users segments. Al-Aziz Plastics Private Limited a 100% subsidiary Company of Astral 
(the “Transferor Company” ) is engaged in the business of manufacture and supply of electrofusion 
fittings, compression fittings, saddles, electrical fittings and allied products which have synergy with, 
and complementary to the Plumbing Business of Astral Limited (the “Transferee Company” ).  
 
Each business has evolved into a distinct business vertical with different products, customer 
segments, operating models, capital requirements, risk profiles and growth opportunities, demanding 
focused operational, financial and administrative expertise. In order to enable better administrative 
control and focused management of each vertical, the board of directors have worked out a 
composite Scheme which provides for (i) the demerger of its Adhesive Business from Astral Limited 
(the “Demerged Company” ) into Astral Chemie Limited (the “Resulting Company” ); and (ii) the 
amalgamation of Al-Aziz Plastics Private Limited (the “Transferor Company” ) with Astral Limited (the 
“Transferee Company” ). 
 
The Scheme is expected to be in the best interests of the Companies and their respective 
shareholders, creditors, employees and other stakeholders.  
 
  
 
 
 
RATIONALE FOR THE SCHEME 
 
DEMERGER   
The demerger of the Adhesive Business from its parent Company and merged with its subsidiary 
Company is predicated on the following distinct commercial principles: 
 
1. Management Focus, Specialisation and Targeted Growth:  The Adhesive Business of the 
Demerged Company has undergone rapid diversification and growth, expanding its portfolio 
into multiple specialized segments—encompassing, inter alia, adhesives, Polyvinyl Acetate 
(PVA), cyanoacrylates, solvent cements, silicone sealants, epoxy resins, construction 
chemicals, putties, and allied products—and has further transitioned into a major 
consolidated chemical and specialty chemical enterprise through recent strategic acquisitions 
of DSS. Similarly the Paint & Coating division also has wide range of Decorative and Industrial 
products which has significant alignment with the Adhesive business in terms of 
manufacturing, marketing and R&D. 
 
To effectively navigate these distinct, highly technical market segments and maximize 
efficiency, the business requires exclusive management frameworks and highly specialized 
oversight; consequently, this demerger and structural reorganisation will ensure that the 
Chemical Business is vested in a distinct corporate entity managed by a dedicated leadership 
team with deep sector-specific expertise, thereby facilitating accelerated decision-making, 
customized go-to-market strategies, and tailored operational agility. At the same time it will 
help Bathware business in capital allocation discipline, seamlessly enabling the new 
management to focus exclusively on driving growth across the core chemical, Adhesive & 
Sealant, paint, and specialty chemical portfolios, while concurrently liberating the existing 
management to focus exclusively on the core plumbing business, thereby ensuring that both 
independent verticals benefit from concentrated domain expertise, optimized operations, 
and enhanced long-term stakeholder value. 
 
2. Focused Capital Deployment:  The demerger will facilitate strict capital deployment discipline, 
ensuring that the capital generated by, or raised specifically for, each distinct business vertical 
is utilized exclusively for its own growth trajectory based on its unique risk-return profile, 
investment horizons, and working capital requirements. By structurally reorganising the 
financial architectures, the Scheme eliminates internal capital allocation conflicts, allowing 
both vertical management team to deploy dedicated funding toward scaling the products of 
respective verticals to achieve an optimum return on capital employed for long term value 
creation for all stakeholders. 
 
3. Unlocking of Shareholder, Investor and Credit Value:  The demerger will enable global 
investors, financial institutions, and public shareholders to invest dynamically in either or both 
businesses based on their specific sector preferences and return expectations, thereby 
unlocking distinct equity value and maximizing overall shareholder returns. The Scheme 
eliminates any conglomerate discount and allows the capital markets to distinctively value 
each independent vertical. Consequently, this clear demarcation ensures that public 
shareholders and strategic investors can evaluate, benchmark, and allocate capital to either  
 
 
 
 
entity based on its unique growth trajectory, capital intensity, and risk-return profile, creating 
a transparent corporate structure that delivers long-term value to all stakeholders. 
Furthermore, consequent to this demerger credit rating agencies, lenders, and research 
analysts will be able to receive a clean, unbundled view of each Business vertical’s   financial 
and operating metrics. 
 
4. Customized Corporate Governance and Board Oversight:  The demerger will facilitate the 
constitution of a specialized Board for the Resulting Company, thereby institutionalizing 
custom corporate governance frameworks tailored specifically to these technical segments 
within the chemical and allied industries. This structural reorganisation of the Board will 
ensure dedicated and effective governance for both the Chemical Business and the Plumbing 
Business, eliminating overlapping boardroom priorities and ultimately driving higher 
operational and strategic efficiencies for both independent businesses. 
 
5. Shared R&D Infrastructure and Operational Synergies: Research and development (R&D) 
serves as the critical backbone across all chemical-based business verticals—whether in 
adhesives, solvent cements, construction chemicals, paints, coatings, or specialty chemicals.  
While these product lines cater majorly to same market segments, their shared chemical 
foundation allows the enterprise to utilize a highly integrated infrastructure, creating massive 
cross-functional synergies. By consolidating specialized R&D laboratories, manufacturing 
plants, warehousing networks, and technical personnel under a unified chemical framework, 
the company can seamlessly share cutting-edge technical expertise, advanced machinery, and 
specialized staff. This strategic cross-utilization eliminates operational redundancies, 
accelerates the innovation cycle, and drives capital efficiency, delivering immense synergistic 
value to the entire organization and huge cost saving in Plants, Warehousing, Marketing and 
R&D by combining all the Chemical verticals (Adhesive, Paint and Specialty Chemicals) under 
one umbrella. 
 
AMALGAMATION:   
The amalgamation of subsidiary Company with its parent company is envisioned to achieve the 
following strategic and operational objectives: 
 
1. Administrative Consolidation, Regulatory Efficiency, and Workforce Optimization: Given 
that the Transferor Company is a significantly smaller corporate entity, its consolidation into 
and amalgamation with the Transferee Company will eliminate the need to maintain a 
separate legal entity, thereby drastically reducing repetitive corporate compliances, statutory 
maintenance, legal filings, and administrative overheads. Concurrently, the said 
amalgamation will lead to the optimization of manpower and overall operational costs 
through the rationalization of human resources, the elimination of redundant and duplicate 
roles, and the strategic deployment of personnel across the combined entity. The proposed 
amalgamation will internalize the supply chain, thereby eliminating unnecessary inter-
company transactions, and associated procedural paperwork. R&D consolidation will drive 
rapid product innovation, allowing the unified enterprise to develop high-performance 
variants faster and at a significantly reduced operational cost. 
 
 
 
 
2. Strategic Product Integration and Customer Value Chain Synergies:  While the Transferor 
Company manufactures both pipes and fittings, the Transferee Company specialized 
exclusively in a different range of fittings. Given that the Transferee Company’s fittings cannot 
function independently and inherently require specific piping systems manufactured by the 
Transferor Company, their standalone utility is limited. The proposed amalgamation will 
integrate these highly interdependent components under a single corporate umbrella, 
enabling the unified entity to cater to all customer requirements comprehensively through a 
single enterprise. Furthermore, leveraging a common customer base across infrastructure, 
industrial, and government sectors, this consolidation will unlock vast cross-selling 
opportunities and operational synergies, allowing the combined entity to market unified, end-
to-end product packages and maximize market penetration. 
 
3. Infrastructure Optimization, Procurement Synergies, and Capital Efficiencies: The proposed 
amalgamation will enable the Transferee Company to immediately leverage the Transferor 
Company’s robust PAN-India infrastructure—including its manufacturing plants, strategic 
depots, extensive supply chain framework, and experienced field staff—thereby expanding 
business operations, optimizing logistics costs, and eliminating duplicate capital expenditures. 
Concurrently, by centralizing highly overlapping raw material requirements (specifically HDPE, 
specialized polymers, and metallic inserts) under a single corporate entity, the combined 
enterprise will command significantly higher bargaining power with global & domestic 
suppliers, securing bulk volume discounts, reducing raw material landing costs, and optimizing 
inventory management. Furthermore, the transaction will streamline cash flows, remove 
working capital inefficiencies, release tied-up capital, and maximize the asset turnover ratio of 
the consolidated enterprise. 
 
SALIENT FEATURES OF THE SCHEME 
1. Demerger and Transfer of the Adhesive Business Undertaking along-with all its related assets 
and liabilities ( as more elaborately  defined under the scheme ) of Astral Limited (the 
“Demerged Company ”) and vesting of the same with and into Astral Chemie Limited (Formerly 
known as Astral Coatings Private Limited) (the “ Resulting Company ”), on a going concern 
basis. 
 
2. Amalgamation of Al-Aziz Plastics Private Limited (the “ Transferor Company ”) into and with 
Astral Limited (the “ Transferee  Company ”) and subsequent automatic dissolution of the 
Transferor Company. 
 
3. Upon the Scheme coming into effect and in consideration of vesting of the Demerged 
Undertaking from the Demerged Company and vesting into and with the Resulting Company 
in terms of this Scheme, the Resulting Company shall, without any further application, act, 
instrument or deed and without any payment by the shareholders, issue and allot equity 
shares, credit as fully paid-up, to the shareholders of the Demerged Company, holding fully 
paid up equity shares in the Demerged Company and whose names appear in the register of  
 
 
 
 
 
the members (including register and index of beneficial owners maintained by a depository 
under Section 11 of the Depositories Act, 1996) of the Demerged Company on the Record Date 
or to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representative or 
other successors in title as on the Record Date in the following ratio:-  
 
“1 (One) Equity Share of Resulting Company of face value of ₹1/- each, fully paid-up shall be 
issued for every 1 (One) Equity Shares of ₹1/- each, fully paid-up held in Demerged Company.” 
(1:1) 
 
Upon the effectiveness of the Scheme and subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the New 
Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Upon allotment of the New Shares, the entire 
pre-scheme paid up share capital of Resulting Company (held by Demerged Company) shall 
stand cancelled and reduced, without any consideration and without any further act, 
Instrument or deed. 
 
4. Upon the effectiveness of the Scheme and subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the New 
Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges.  
 
5. Accordingly, upon the Scheme becoming effective, the entire share capital of Transferor 
Company shall stand cancelled without any further application, acts or deeds and there would 
be no issue of shares by the Transferee Company pursuant to the Amalgamation. 
  
 
 
 
 
6. The structure of Company before and after (Demerger & Merger) will be as follow: 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Sandeep Engineer – Managing Director of Astral Limited said 
– “Today marks an important milestone in Astral’s journey”. Over the years, we have built strong and 
scalable platforms across plumbing, adhesives, sealants, construction chemicals, paints and coatings, 
each with its own operating model, capital requirements, market opportunities and strategic 
priorities. We believe these businesses have now reached a stage where dedicated leadership, greater 
accountability, sharper strategic focus and independent capital allocation can meaningfully accelerate 
their next phase of growth. The proposed demerger will bring Astral’s adhesives, sealants and 
construction chemicals together with paints and coating businesses under Astral Chemie, creating a 
focused chemicals platform with significant opportunities to leverage common strengths in research 
and development, manufacturing, procurement, branding and distribution. At the same time, Astral 
Limited will be able to deepen its focus on the core Plumbing Business, while the amalgamation of Al-
Aziz Plastics will further integrate complementary products and capabilities, thereby strengthening 
Astral’s product portfolio, manufacturing capabilities and ability to offer more comprehensive 
solutions to our customers. 
 
The proposed reorganisation is fast growth-enabling corporate restructuring. This reorganisation is 
proposed with a long-term perspective to create two stronger and more agile businesses, each 
equipped to pursue their own growth opportunities, allocate capital with greater discipline and build 
leadership in its respective markets. Subject to the necessary approvals, our shareholders will receive 
shares of Astral Chemie in proportion to their existing shareholding (in ratio of 1:1) and will continue 
to participate directly in the growth of both businesses. We believe this structure will improve 
strategic clarity, enhance financial and operational visibility and provide a stronger foundation for 
sustainable, long-term value creation for all our stakeholders.” 
 
https://astralltd.com/investors  
Media Contact Details 
Mr. Hiranand Savlani 
Whole Time Director & CFO 
079-66212000 
hiranand@astralcpvc.com  