                                                     ASTRA  MICROWAVE  PRODUCTS  LIMITED  
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 12(P), Kothaguda Post , 
Kondapur, HITEC City, Hyderabad  - 500084 , Telangana, INDIA  
Tel:+91-40-46618000 , 46618001 . Fax:+91-40-46618048  
Email: mktg@astramwp.com ,website :www.astramwp.com  
CIN: L29309TG1991PLC013203  
 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company  
Works:   
Unit 1:  Plot No. 12, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak  Dist.,  Telangana – 502325  
Unit 2: Plot No. 56A, ANRICH Industrial  Estate,  Bollaram, Medak Dist., Telangana - 502325  
Unit 3:  Sy. No. 1/1, lmarath Kancha, Raviryala (V), Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R.Dist., Telangana - 500005  
Unit  4: Sy. No. 1/1, Plot No. 18 to 21, lmarath Kancha, Hardware Park, Raviryala (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.Dist, Telangana – 500005  
Unit 7:   Sy. No.114/1, Plot No. S -2/9 & 10, E -City, Raviryala & Srinagar (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.District, Telangana - 501359  
R&D Centre:  Plot No. 51(P), Bangalore Aerospace Park, Singanahalli Village, Budigere Post, Bangalore North Taluk, Karnataka - 562149   February  27, 202 6 
 
 
To 
The General Manager  
Department of Corporate Relations  
BSE Limited  
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai -400 001  
Scrip code: 532493   
To 
The Vice President,  
Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400 051  
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam , 
 
Sub:  Press Release: Demerger of Space, Meteorology and Hydrology Business into a 
Separate Listed Entity .  
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing a press release regarding proposed  demerger of the Space, 
Meteorology and Hydrology business into a separate listed entity . 
 
 
This is for your information and record s. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully  
For Astra Microwave Products L imited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
T. Anjaneyulu  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Press Release  
1 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited  
Aims to Demerge Space, Meteorology & Hydrology Business into a Separate Listed Entity  
Hyderabad, India | 27th February 2026 – Astra Microwave Products Limited (“Astra” or “the Company”), a leading 
Defence electronics company in India, today announced that its Board of Directors has given an in-principle approval 
to explore demerge r of its Space, Meteorology and Hydrology business  into a separate entity.  
The proposed restructuring will result in the creation of two independent listed companies:  
• Astra Microwave Products Limited:  Focused exclusively on the Defence and Aerospace sector . 
• Astra Space Technologies Private Limited ( ASTPL ): Focused on Space, Meteorology and Hydrology 
businesses . 
 
It is clarified that this is an in -principle approval and the final decision on the proposed demerger, including its structure, 
share exchange ratio, and other terms, shall be taken by the Board after receipt of requisite reports and opinions. The 
Company will make appropriate disclosures in accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable laws, post consideration and approval of the  matter by the Board.  
Strategic Rationale for the Demerger  
The proposed demerger is aimed at unlocking shareholder value and enhancing strategic focus across business verticals. 
By separating the Defence and Space businesses into two independently managed  and capitalised entities, the Company 
intends to:  
• Enable sharper strategic and operational focus for each business  
• Allow management teams to pursue sector -specific growth strategies  
• Improve oversight, governance, and accountability  
• Broaden the investor base by offering distinct investment propositions  
• Reduce structural complexity and enhance transparency  
 
The Board believes that creating two focused platforms will position each entity to capitalise on emerging opportunities 
in their respective sectors, b oth in India and globally.  
The Company expects the transaction to be value accretive over the medium to long term by enabling MORE FOCUSED 
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES, clearer capital allocation strategies and improved operational efficiencies  
The Space AND WEATHER business represents a SCALED UP PROFITABLE high -growth opportunity, driven by 
expanding DEMAND FOR satellite DESIGN & ASSEMBLY & SATELLITE DATA applications BOTH IN THE 
domestic and international MARKETS. ASTRA SPACE WILL OFFER A PROFITABLE & INTEG RATED PLAY 
ACROSS THE ENTIRE GAMUT OF UPSTREAM HARDWARE, MIDSTREAM INTEGRATION AND 
DOWNSTREAM DATA APPLICATIONS. However, THE BUSINESS IS capital intensive and execution -dependent 
REQUIRNG FOCUSED MANAGEMENT ATTENTION TO ITS SIGNIFICANT GROWTH PROSPECTS. T he 
success of AST PL will depend on its ability to scale technical capabilities, enhance leadership bandwidth, and expand 
its satellite -related offerings AND SOLUTIONS.  
AMPL's Space Group has built, over 20 painstaking years, exactly the asset that the globa l NewSpace revolution is now 
demanding: certified, experienced, technically deep, and cost -competitive space hardware manufacturing capability. 
The Indian and global markets are opening simultaneously, India's geopolitical moment is aligned, and the demerg er of 
AST PL creates the structural clarity to attract capital and talent at scale.  
Press Release  
2 
 
Post-Demerger Structure  
Upon completion of the transaction:  
• Astra Microwave Products Limited  
o Will continue to focus on the Defence and Aerospace market . 
o Will retain its stake in existing Joint Venture companies . 
o Will continue to manage its wholly owned subsidiaries . 
o Will operate as a pure -play Defence and Aerospace company . 
• Astra Space Technologies Private Limited (AST PL) 
o Will house the Space, Meteorology and Hydrology businesses . 
o Will operate as an independently listed entity . 
o Will have mirror shareholding identical to that of Astra . 
o It is proposed to be listed on the BSE and the NSE . 
The Space,  Metrology , and Hydrology business will be transferred to Astra Space Technologies Private 
Limited ( ASTPL ) on a going -concern basis, ensuring operational continuity.  The Board has authorised 
management to consult with subject experts on this matter for consideration by the Audit Committee and the 
Board. The Au dit Committee shall appoint a Registered Valuer for determining the share exchange ratio for 
the proposed demerger, to finalise the structure of the proposed demerger, including identification of assets, 
liabilities, contracts, employees and other matters forming part of the Space, Meteorology and Hydrology 
business undertakings; and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, proper or 
expedient for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.  
Financial and Transaction Implications  
The Company expects the transaction to be value accretive over the medium to long term by enabling clearer 
capital allocation strategies and improved operational efficiencies.  
Approvals and Timeline  
The transaction will be implemented through a Scheme of Arrangem ent under applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act and SEBI regulations.  
Key approvals required include:  
• Board of Directors’ final approval  
• Shareholders’ approval  
• Creditors’ approval  
• Stock exchange approvals  
• NCLT sanction  
• Other regulatory clearances, as applicable  
he Company aims to complete the demerger and list ASTPL  by Q1 of FY28, subject to  the timely receipt of 
all approvals.  
During the transition period, there will be no interruption to business operations, and no impact is anticipated 
for employees, customers, or partners.  
 
 
Press Release  
3 
 
About Astra Microwave Products Limited  
Astra Microwave Products Limited (Astra) was incorporated in 1991 by a team of distinguished scientists with 
experience in RF/Microwave/Digital electronics and management of projec ts with high technology content. The 
company has grown substantially since inception with continuous investments  in infrastructure,  captive  test facilities  
and other  resources.   
Heritage in Space and Meteorology market domain:   
The company with the expertise built in defense strategic electronics, was entered in to components and sub -systems of 
flight model satellites and Ground systems, when ISRO opened private sector participation to develop, manufacture and 
supply of critical electronics products in the year 2001. Over the last two decades Astra Microwave was emerged as one 
of the leading suppliers of RF/Microwave components/sub -systems and executed more than 750 Cr orders cumulatively 
for ISRO, by virtue of its association in major programs like GSAT, RISAT, CARTOSAT, GI SAT, IRNSS, NISAR 
and few other strategic satellites. 250 Cr more orders to be executed by FY28.   
In the Meteorology & Hydrology segment, Astra has supplied large number of Automatic Weather stations, Agro -met 
stations, variety of Met sensors, Doppler weather Radars, Wind profile Radars and Avalanche Radars for various 
government missions of IMD, ISRO, WRD, CWC, NIOT, INCOIS & IITM. Astra also made its presence in the global 
market and supplied AWS to Nepal, Ba ngladesh and Bhutan. Astra has the pride to emerge as a leading company in this 
segment in India and has executed more than 330 Cr worth of contracts cumulatively over the last 20 years, with a order 
book of 285 Cr to be executed by FY28.  
Safe Harbor State ment : 
Statements in this document relating to future status, events, or circumstances, including but not limited to statements 
about plans and objectives, the progress and results of research and development, potential project characteristics, 
project potential and target dates for project related issues are forward -looking statements based on estimates and the 
anticipated effects of future events on current and developing circumstances. Such statements are subject to numerous 
risks and uncertainties and are not necessarily predictive of future results. Actual results may differ materially from 
those anticipated in the forward -looking statements. The company assumes no obligation to update forward -looking 
statements to reflect actual results changed assumptions or  other factors.  
For more information please contact:  
Company  
 
 
 Investor Relations Advisors  
Astra Microwave Products Limited  
CIN No:  L293091G1991PLC013203  
Mr. T. Anjaneyulu, GM – Company Secretary  
Email id: secretarial@astramwp.com  Strategic Growth Advisors Pvt Ltd.  
CIN: U74140MH2010PTC204285  
Shikha Puri / Dharmik Kansara  
Email id: shikha.puri@sgapl.net  / dharmik.k@sgapl.net  
Tel No: +91 98192 82743 / +91 72081 79323  
 
