 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp.  Off.: Galaxy,  Floors:  22-24, Plot No.1,  Survey  No.83/1,  Hyderabad  Knowledge  City, Raidurg  Panmaktha,  Ranga  Reddy  District,  Hyderabad  – 500 032, Telangana,  India.   
Tel : +91 40 6672  5000  / 6672  1200  Fax: +91 40 6707  4044.  
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 , Telangana ., India.   Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833  
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
 
April  21, 2026  
 
To 
Listing Department,  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,Bandra (E),  
MUMBAI -400 051  
 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA  To 
The Corporate Relations Department  
BSE LIMITED  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001  
 
Company Code No. 524804  
 
Sub : Submission of Letter of Offer pertaining to buyback of up to 54,23,728 (Fifty Four Lakh Twenty Three 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty Eight only) fully paid -up equity shares having a face  value of ₹ 
1/- (Rupees One only) each (“Equity Shares”)  of Aurobindo Pharma Limited (“Company”) at a price of 
₹ 1,475/ - (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy Five only) per Equity Share payable in 
cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding ₹ 800,0 0,00,000/ - (Rupees Eight Hundred Crore only) on 
a proportionate basis through tender offer route (“Buyback”),  pursuant to the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“Buyback 
Regulations”).  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
This is in regard to the captioned Buyback and is further to our letter dated April 8, 2026  whereby we submitted 
the Public Announcement pertaining to the captioned Buyback.  
 
We are pleased to submit herewith the Letter of Offer dated April 21, 2026 for your reference and 
dissemination. In accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Company has e -mailed the Letter of Offer to 
eligible shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date (being April 17, 2026), 
today, i.e., April 21 , 2026.  
 
You are requested to take note of the following schedule of activities in relation to the Buyback:  
 
Activity  Date  Day  
Buyback Opening Date  April 23, 2026  Thursday  
Buyback Closing Date  April 29, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms and other specified 
documents by the Registrar  April 29, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of completion of settlement of bids by the Clearing 
Corporation/ BSE  May 7, 2026  Thursday  
Note : Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the 
respective last dates.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp.  Off.: Galaxy,  Floors:  22-24, Plot No.1,  Survey  No.83/1,  Hyderabad  Knowledge  City, Raidurg  Panmaktha,  Ranga  Reddy  District,  Hyderabad  – 500 032, Telangana,  India.   
Tel : +91 40 6672  5000  / 6672  1200  Fax: +91 40 6707  4044.  
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 , Telangana ., India.   Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833  
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
 
All capitalised terms used herein and not specifically defined shall have the same meaning as ascribed to 
such terms under the Letter of Offer.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
  
Thanking you,   
For Aurobindo Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
 
B Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Enc l: Letter of Offer  
 
 
LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION   
This letter of offer (“Letter of Offer ”) is sent to you as a registered Equity Shareholder  / Beneficial Owner  (as defined below ) of Aurobindo Pharma  Limited ( hereinafter referred 
as the “Company ”) as on the Record Date (as defined below ) in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended 
(“Buyback Regulations ”). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you should consult your stockbroker or investment consult ant or the Manager to the 
Buyback Offer i.e., Axis Capital  Limited , or the Registrar to the Buyback Offer i.e., KFin Technologies  Limited . Please refer to the section on “Definitions of Key Terms” on page 
no. 5 of this Letter of Offer for the definitions of the capitalized terms used herein.  
 AUROBINDO PHARMA  LIMITED  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN):  L24239TG1986PLC015190  
Registered Office : Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038, Telangana, India  
Corporate Office : Galaxy, Floors: 22 -24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg 
Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person:  Mr B Adi Reddy,  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Tel. No.:  +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 ; Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833 ; 
Website : www.aurobindo.com ;* Email : cs@aurobindo.com   
OFFER TO BUYBACK UP TO  54,23,728  (FIFTY FOUR  LAKH T WENTY THREE  THOUSAND SEVEN  HUNDRED AND TWENTY EIGHT  ONLY) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF 
THE COMPANY, HAVING FACE VALUE OF ₹ 1/- (RUPEE ONE  ONLY) EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”) , REPRESENTING APPROXIMATELY 0.93% OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF  
OUTSTANDING  EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY , FROM THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS / BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON FRIDAY , 
APRIL 17 , 202 6 (“RECORD DATE ”) ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS, THROUGH THE “TENDER OFFER” ROUTE AT A PRICE OF ₹ 1,475/- (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND FOUR 
HUNDRED AND S EVENTY FIVE  ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE , PAYABLE IN CASH,  FOR AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT UP TO ₹ 800,00,00,000 /- (RUPEES EIGHT HUNDRED  CRORE  
ONLY) EXCLUDING TRANSACTION COSTS.  
1) The Buyback  is in accordance with Article 40(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, and the rules framed there under  including the  Share Capital Rules , the Management Rules,  the Listing Regulations to the extent appli cable,  
the Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI Circular s, subject to such other appro vals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject 
to any modifications and conditions , if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, Registrar of Companies, Telangana at Hyderabad , NSE, BSE and / or other authorities, 
institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions, 
sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board.   
2) The Buyback Size constitutes 3.93% and 2.62% of the aggregate of the total  paid -up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company 
as per the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 202 5, respectively,  and is within the statutory limit of 10% of the 
aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company  as per the audited  standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company  as at March 31, 202 5 (i.e., the last audited financial statements available as on the date of Board Meeting recommending the 
propos al of the Buyback),  under the board approval route as per Section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other applicable 
provisions of the Buyback Regulations . 
3) The Letter of Offer will be electronically sent to the Equity Shareholders/ Beneficial Owners of Equity Shares as on the Record Date i.e., Friday , April 17 , 202 6, in 
accordance with the Buyback Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable . Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, 
if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of the Letter of Offer in physical form, t he same shall be provided.  
4) The procedure for tendering shares and settlement is set out in paragraph 20 ( Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement ) on page no. 60 of this Letter of Offer. 
The form of acceptance cum acknowledgement (“ Tender Form ”) along with share transfer form (“ Form SH -4”) is enclosed together with this Letter of Offer.  
5) The procedure for Acceptance is set out in paragraph 19 ( Process and Methodology for the Buyback ) on page no. 53 of this Letter of Offer. The payment of consideration 
is in cash to the Eligible Shareholders. For mode of payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders, please refer to p aragraph 20.30 ( Method of Settlement ) on 
page no. 70 of this Letter of Offer.  
6) A copy of the Public Announcement is available on the websites of the Company ( www.aurobindo.com ), the Manager to the Buyback ( www.axiscapital.co.in ), Registrar 
to the Buyback (kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ). A copy of the 
Letter of Offer (along with the Tender Form and Form SH -4) shall be available on the websites of the Company ( www.aurobindo.com ), the Manager to the Buyback 
(www.axiscapital.co.in ), Registrar to the Buyback ( www.kfintech.com ) and is expected to be available on the websites of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ).  
7) Eligible Shareholders are advised to read the Letter of Offer and in particular, refer to paragraph 17 ( Details of Statutory Approvals ) on page no.  52 of this Letter of Offer 
and paragraph 21 ( Note on Taxation ) on page no. 73 of this Letter of Offer before tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
Axis Capital  Limited  
Address : 1st Floor, Axis House , P. B. Marg, Worli  
Mumbai - 400 025, Maharashtra, India   
Tel. no. : +91 22 4325 2183; Fax no .: +91 22 4325 3000  
Contact person : Harish Patel/ Simran Gadh  
Email : apl.buyback @axiscap.in ; Website : www.axiscapital.co.in  
SEBI  registration no. : INM000012029 ; Validity period:  Permanent  
CIN: U51900MH2005PLC157853   
KFin Technologies  Limited  
Address: Selenium , Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli, Financial District 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
Tel. no.: +91 40 6716 2222 ; Fax no .: +91 40 6716 1563 ; Tollfree no.: 18003094001  
Contact person:  M Murali Krishna  
Email : aurobindo.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website:  www.kfintech.com   
Investor Grievance mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI  registration no .: INR000000221 ; Validity period:  Permanent  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
BUYBACK PROGRAMME  
BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2026  
BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2026  
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED 
DOCUMENTS BY THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ON OR BEFORE 5.00 PM (IST) ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2026  
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT  
CATEGORY OF ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  RATIO OF BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT# 
RESERVED CATEGORY FOR SMALL SHAREHOLDERS  7 EQUITY SHARES FOR EVERY 61 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
GENERAL CATEGORY FOR ALL OTHER ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  2 EQUITY SHARE S FOR EVERY 249 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
* In addition to the Company’s contact details provided above, the investors may reach out to the Investor Service Centre of KF in Technologies Limited for any queries at 
+91 40 6716 2222 and einward.ris@kfintech.com , details of which are also included at Paragraph 27 of the Letter of Offer.  
# For further information on ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each category, please refer paragraph 19.6 on p age no. 56 of the Letter of Offer.  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS GIVEN BELOW:   
1) Click on https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx  
2) Select the name of the Company  - Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  
3) Select holding type - “Physical” or “NSDL” or “CDSL” or “PAN”  
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your “Folio Number” or “NSDL DPID/Client ID” or “CDSL Client ID” or “PAN”  
5) Click on submit  
6) Then click on ‘View’ button  
7) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’  

 
2 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 4 
2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ . 5 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  9 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  ................................ ....................  12 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  ................................ ................................ ...............  20 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK ................................ ................................ ................................ . 21 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .........................  23 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ...........................  23 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE 
COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  24 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  ................................ ................................ .... 32 
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ............  32 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  33 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN  ................................ .........................  33 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ...........  37 
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  ................................ .............................  46 
16. STOCK MARKET DATA  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  50 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ................  52 
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ... 53 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ............................  53 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  ................................ ..................  60 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  73 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  ................................ ..............................  77 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR’S REPORT  ................................ ................................ .......................  78 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ..........................  82 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  ................................ ................................ .............  83 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS  ....................  83 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE  ................................ ................................ ...... 83 
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .... 83 
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................ .....................  84 
TENDER FORMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........................  85 
  
 
3 NO OFFER TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL, OR AN INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL, 
ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR AS A SOLICITATION OR AN INVITATION 
TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL ANY SECURITIES INCLUDING THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY  
 
• This Letter of Offer together with the Public Announcement has been prepared for the purposes 
of compliance with applicable Indian laws and regulations. This Letter of Offer has not been filed, 
registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Acco rdingly, the information disclosed 
may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared 
in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. Except as 
otherwise required by applicable I ndian law, the Company and the Manager to the Buyback are 
under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date of this 
Letter of Offer. This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer in any form, or an 
invitation in any form to subscribe/purchase/sell, any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such offer or solicitation and as a consequence, subject t he Company or the Manager to the 
Buyback to any new or additional requirements or registrations;  
 
• The Letter of Offer shall be dispatched through electronic mode to all Eligible Shareholders whose 
names appeared on the register of members of the Company  / register of beneficial owners as 
downloaded from the Depositories , as of the Record Date. The Company shall provide a copy of 
the Letter of Offer in physical form in case of receipt of request from any such Eligible Shareholder. 
However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Eligible Shareholder in a jurisdiction in whi ch it 
would be illegal to make th is offer, or where making this offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of this Letter of Offer under any local securities 
laws), shall not be treated by such Eligible Shareholder as an offer being made to them and shall 
be construed by them as being sent for information purposes only; and  
 
• Potential users of this information are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions 
in their respective jurisdictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders Equity Shares in the Buyback 
Offer shall be deemed to have declared, represented, war ranted and agreed that such Eligible 
Shareholder is authorized under the provisions of any applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
  
 
4 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES   
 
Activity  Schedule of activities  
Date  Day 
Date of Board Meeting approving the proposal for the 
Buyback  April 6 , 202 6 Mon day  
Date of the Public Announcement for the Buyback  April 7 , 202 6 Tuesday  
Date of publication of the Public Announcement for 
Buyback  April 8 , 202 6 Wednes day 
Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement 
and the names of Eligible Shareholders  April 17 , 202 6 Friday 
Last date for dispatch of this Letter of Offer  April 21, 2026  Tuesday  
Buyback Opening Date  April 23 , 202 6 Thurs day 
Buyback Closing Date  April 29, 202 6 Wednes day 
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Form and other 
specified documents by the Registrar  April 29, 202 6 Wednes day 
Last date of verification of Tender Forms by Registrar to 
the Buyback  May 4, 2026  Monday  
Last date of providing acceptance/ non -acceptance of 
tendered Equity Shares to BSE by the Registrar  May 6, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of completion of settlement of bids by the 
Clearing Corporation/ BSE  May 7, 2026  Thursday  
Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) by the 
Registrar to the Buyback/ unblocking/ return of 
unaccepted Equity Shares to Eligible Shareholders/ Seller 
Member  May 7, 2026  Thursday  
Last date for payment of consideration to Eligible 
Shareholders who participated in the Buyback  May 7, 2026  Thursday  
Last date of extinguishment of Equity Shares bought back  May 18, 2026  Monday  
Note: Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before 
the respective last dates.  
  
 
5 2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  
 
2.1 This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context 
otherwise indicates or implies or specifies otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided 
below. References to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to 
such legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies as amended, supplemented, or 
re-enacted from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any 
subordinate legislation made from time to time unde r that provision.  
 
2.2 The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer, but  not defined herein shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms under the Buyback Regulations, the Companies Act , the 
Depositories Act, 1996, and the rules and regulations made thereunder.  
 
Term  Description  
Acceptance/ Accept/ or 
Accepted  Acceptance of Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders in the 
Buyback  
Act or Companies Act  The Companies Act, 2013, as amended and rules framed thereunder  
Acquisition Window  The facility for acquisition of Equity Shares through the mechanism 
provided by BSE in the form of a separate window in accordance with 
SEBI Circulars  
Additional Equity Shares  Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder over and 
above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder up to the 
extent of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder on the Record 
Date  
Articles   or Articles of 
Association  Articles of Association of the Company, as amended  
Board or Board of Directors  Board of Directors of the Company, which expression shall include any 
committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including 
the powers conferred by the resolution passed by the Board at its 
meeting held on Monday, April 6, 2026  
Board Meeting  Meeting of the Board held on Monday, April 6, 2026  inter alia  to 
approve the Buyback  
BSE  BSE Limited  
Buyback or Buyback Offer 
or Offer  Offer to buy back up 54,23,728 (Fifty Four  Lakh T wenty Three  
Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty Eight only) Equity Shares at a 
price of ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy 
Five only) per Equity Share , payable in cash,  from the Eligible 
Shareholders,  on a proportionate basis through the Tender Offer route  
as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI 
Circulars  using the Stock Exchange Mechanism   
Buyback Closing Date  Wednes day, April 29 , 202 6, being the last date up to which the 
tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders will be allowed  
Buyback Committee or 
Committee  The Buyback committee, comprising of K Nit hyananda  Reddy, Vice 
Chairman & Managing Director, M . Madan Mohan Reddy, Whole -time 
Director  and S. Subramanian, Chief Financial Officer,  constituted and 
authorized for the purposes of the Buyback by a resolution passed by 
the Board at its meeting held on Monday, April 6, 2026  
 
6 Buyback Entitlement or 
Entitlement  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is entitled to 
tender, in the Buyback, based on the number of Equity Shares held by 
such Eligible  Shareholder, on the Record Date and the ratio / 
percentage of Buyback applicable in the category to which such Eligible 
Shareholder belongs  
Buyback Opening Date  Thurs day, April 23, 2026 
Buyback Price or Buyback 
Offer Price  Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Eligible 
Shareholders i.e., ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and 
Seventy Five  only) per Equity Share, payable in cash  
Buyback Period  The period between the date of the Board Meeting to approve the 
Buyback, i.e., Monday , April 6 , 2026, and the date on which the 
payment of consideration is made to the Eligible Shareholders who 
have accepted the Buyback  
Buyback Regulations  SEBI (Buy -Back of Securities)  Regulations, 2018, as amended from time 
to time , including any statutory modification or re -enactments thereof  
Buyback Size  Number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, i.e. up to 
54,23,728  (Fifty Four  Lakh Twenty Three Thousand Seven Hundred and 
Twenty Eight only) Equity Shares  multiplied by the Buyback Price (i.e., ₹ 
1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy Five  only)  
per Equity Share aggregating to an amount up to  ₹ 800,00,00,000/ - 
(Rupees Eight Hundred Crore  only). The Buyback Size excludes 
Transactio n Costs.  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CIN Corporate Identity Number  
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited  
“Company” or “Our 
Company” or “we” or “us” 
or “our”  Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  
Company’s Broker  Axis Capital  Limited  
Company Demat Account  Demat account of the Company designated for the Buyback  
Compliance Officer  Mr B Adi Reddy  
Depositories  Collectively, National Securities Depository Limited and Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited  
Designated Stock Exchange  BSE 
Director(s)  Director(s) of the Company  
DIN Director Identification Number  
DP Depository Participant  
Equity Share(s) or Share(s)  Fully paid -up equity shares of the Company of face value of ₹ 1/- 
(Rupee One only) each  
Eligible Person(s) or Eligible 
Shareholder(s)  Equity Shareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback and would 
mean all Equity Shareholders / Beneficial Owners of the Equity Shares of 
the Company on the Record Date, being Friday, April 17 , 202 6, and do 
not include such Equity Shareholders / Beneficial Owners of the Equity 
 
7 Shares who are not permitted under the applicable law to tender Equity 
Shares in the Buyback  
Escrow Account  Escrow account titled “ Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  - Buyback Escrow 
Account ” opened with the Escrow Agent in accordance with Buyback 
Regulations  
Escrow Agent  / Escrow 
Bank  Axis Bank  Limited  
Escrow Agreement  The escrow agreement dated Tuesday, April 7 , 202 6 entered into 
between the Company, the Escrow Agent, and the Manager to the 
Buyback  
FATC A Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
FEMA  Foreign Exchange and Management Act, 1999, as amended from time 
to time, including the regulations , circulars, directions and 
notifications issued thereunder  
FII(s)  Foreign Institutional Investor(s)  
FPI(s)  Foreign Portfolio Investor(s)  
General Category  Eligible Shareholders other than the Small Shareholders  
IPV In person verification  
IT Act/ Income Tax Act  The Income Tax Act, 2025  
Letter of Offer/LOF  This letter of offer dated Tuesday, April 21, 2026  containing disclosures 
in relation to the Buyback as specified in Schedule III of the Buyback 
Regulations  
Listing Regulations  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended from time to time  
“Manager to the Buyback” 
or “Manager to the Offer” 
or “Manager”  Axis Capital  Limited  
Management Rules  Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended  
Memorandum of 
Association or MOA  Memorandum of Association of the Company, as amended from time 
to time  
N.A. / NA  Not applicable  
Non -Resident Shareholders  Eligible Shareholders residing outside India i nclud ing non-resident 
Indians, foreign nationals, foreign corporate bodies (including erstwhile 
overseas corporate bodies), FII/ FPI , etc. 
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Offer Period or Tendering 
Period  Period of 5 (five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date i.e.,  
Thursday, April 23, 2026 , to Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednesday, 
April 29, 2026 (both days inclusive)  
OSV  Original seen and verified  
PA or Public Announcement  The public announcement dated Tues day, April 7 , 202 6, made in 
accordance with the Buyback  Regulations, published on Wednes day, 
April 8 , 202 6, in the newspapers set out in paragraph 5 ( Details of 
 
8 Public Announcement ) of this Letter of Offer  
PAN  Permanent Account Number  
Promoter & Promoter 
Group  The promoter and promoter group of the Company as defined under 
the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011, as amended  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
Record Date  The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and 
the names of the Eligible Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer 
(including the Tender Form) will be sent, and who are eligible to 
participate in the Buyback in accordance with the Buyba ck Regulations. 
The Record Date for the Buyback is Friday, April 17 , 202 6 
“Registrar to the Buyback” 
or “Registrar to the Offer” 
or “Registrar”  KFin Technologies Limited  
Reserved Category  The Small Shareholders eligible to tender Shares in the Buyback  
ROC  Registrar of Companies, Telangana at Hyderabad  
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Circulars  SEBI circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 
read with  SEBI circular no. CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December  09, 2016 , SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021  and SEBI circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023  and such 
other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, including any 
amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force  
Seller Member  The stockbroker (who is member of BSE) of an Eligible Shareholder 
through whom the order for selling the Equity Shares of Eligible 
Shareholders will be placed in the Acquisition Window  
Small Shareholder  As defined under Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations and in 
relation to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder who holds Equity 
Shares of market value of not more than ₹ 2,00,000/ - (Rupees Two Lakh 
only), on the basis of closing price on the r ecognized stock exchange 
registering the highest trading volume as on the Record Date  
Share Capital Rules  Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended 
from time to time  
Shareholders or Equity 
Shareholders or Members 
or Beneficial Owners  Holders of Equity Shares and includes beneficial owners thereof  
Stock Exchanges  Collectively, BSE and NSE  
Stock Exchange Mechanism  The “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” 
notified by SEBI Circulars  
Tender Form  Form of Acceptance –cum –Acknowledgement to be filled in and sent to 
the Registrar by the Eligible Shareholder(s) to participate in the Buyback  
Tender Offer  Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 2(i)(q) of the Buyback 
Regulations  
Transaction Costs  Brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as 
 
9 securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc., 
expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees 
payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, public announcement publication 
expenses, printing and dispatch expenses  and other incidental and 
related expenses, etc.  
TRS Transaction Registration Slip generated by the exchange bidding system  
Working Day  Working day as defined in the Buyback Regulations  
 
2.3 Certain conventions, currency of presentation, use of financial information and stock 
market data  
 
Page Numbers and Paragraph Numbers  
 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to page numbers and paragraph numbers in this Letter 
of Offer are to page numbers and paragraph numbers of this Letter of Offer.  
 
Currency and Units of Presentation  
 
All references to “₹”, “Rupee(s)”  or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the 
Republic of India.  
 
Financial and Other Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, our financial information in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from our audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the 
fiscal year ended on March 31, 202 5, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, and the unaudited 
limited reviewed standalone and consolidated financial statements for the nine months 
period ended December 31, 2025 . 
 
Our Company’s fiscal year commences on April 1 of each year and ends on March 31 of the 
next year (referred to herein as “ Fiscal ”, “Fiscal  Year ” or “ FY”). 
 
Stock Market Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, stock market data included in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from the website of BSE and NSE . 
 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
 
3.1 As required  under the Buyback Regulations , a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted 
to SEBI. It is to be distinctly understood that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should 
not, in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not t ake any responsibility either for the financial soundness of the Company to 
meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the Letter of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback ha s certified that the disclosures 
made in the Letter of Offer are generally adequate and are in conformity  with the provisions 
of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations. This requirement is to  facilitate Eligible 
Shareholders to take an informed decision for tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
 
 
10 3.2 It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the 
correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in the Letter of Offer, the 
Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure  that the Company 
discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose, the Manager to the 
Buyback is furnishing  to SEBI a due diligence certificate dated  Tuesday, April 21, 2026  in 
accordance with Buyback Regulations which reads as follo ws: 
 
“We have examined various documents and materials contained in the annexure to this 
letter, as part of the due -diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization of the 
public announcement dated Tuesday , April 7 , 202 6 for the Buyback (“ Public 
Announcement ”) which was published on Wednes day, April 8 , 202 6 and the Letter of Offer 
dated Tuesday, April 21, 2026 (“Letter of Offer ”). On the basis of such examination and the 
discussions with the Company, we hereby state that:  
 
• the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the 
documents, materials and papers relevant to the Buyback;  
 
• all the legal requirements connected with the said Buyback including the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended, have been duly complied with;  
 
• the disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best 
of our knowledge, true, fair and adequate in all material respects for the Eligible 
Shareholders to make a well-informed decision  in respect of the Buyback; and  
 
• funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as 
amended .” 
 
3.3 The filing of the Letter of Offer  with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any 
liabilities under the provisions of the Companies Act or from the requirement of obtaining 
such statutory or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed 
Buyback.  
 
3.4 The members of the Promoter & Promoter Group / Board of Directors declare and confirm 
that no information / material  likely to have a bearing on the decision of Eligible Shareholders 
has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or incorporated in the manner that would amount to 
mis-statement/ mis -representation and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that 
any info rmation / material  has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or amounts to a mis -
statement/ mis -representation, the members of the Promoter & Promoter Gro up and the  
Board of Directors and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of 
the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.  
 
3.5 The Board of Directors also declare and confirm that funds borrowed from banks and financial 
institutions will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
3.6 Disclaimer for persons from the United States of America  
 
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are 
not US Persons as defined in Regulations of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
who are not physically present in the United States of America. This Le tter of Offer does not 
in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in the United States 
 
11 of America or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to in form themselves about , and 
to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.7 Disclaimer for persons in foreign countries other than the United States of America  
 
This Letter of Offer has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. 
This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation  would subject the Company or the 
Manager to the Buyback to a new or additional requirements or registration . Potential users 
of the information contained in  this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.8 Important Notice to All Equity Shareholders  
 
This Letter of Offer has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the Buyback 
Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would 
have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the  laws and 
regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager to the Buyback 
are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date 
of this Letter of Offer. The Letter of Offer shall be dispa tched to all Shareholders whose names 
appear on the register of members of the Company, as of the Record Date , as per the Buyback 
Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable . However, receipt 
of th e Letter of Offer by any Equity Shareholders in a jurisdiction in which it would be illegal 
to make this Tender Offer, or where making this Tender Offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of the Letter of Offer under any local 
securi ties laws), shall not be treated by such Shareholders as an offer being made to them. 
Potential users of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Any Eligible Sharehold er who tenders 
his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, 
warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of any applicable 
local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participa te in the Buyback.  
 
3.9 Forward Looking Statements  
 
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking 
statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘project’, ‘will ’, ‘will continue’, ‘will 
pursue’ or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our 
strategies, objectives, plans or goals are also forward -looking statements. All forward -looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertai nties and assumptions about the Company that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward -
looking statement.  
 
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due 
to risks or uncertainties associated with expectations relating to, inter alia , regulatory changes 
pertaining to the industries in which the Company operates and its ability to respond to them, 
the Company’s ability to successfully implement its strategy, its growth and expansion, 
technological changes, exposure to market risks, gen eral economic and political conditions in 
 
12 India or other key markets where it operates which have an impact on its business activities 
or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the 
performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, 
regulations and taxes and changes in competition in the industries in which the Company 
operates.  
 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  
 
The Buyback has been authorized and approved  by the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on  Mon day, April 6 , 2026. The text of the resolution passed by the Board is  as follows:  
 
Quote  
 
RESOLVED THAT  in accordance with Article 40 (b) of the Articles of Association of Aurobindo 
Pharma Limited (“ Company ”) and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies 
Act”), rules framed under the Companies Act, including the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 as amended and the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, as amended, to the extent applicable, and in compliance with the Securiti es and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the 
“Buyb ack Regulations ”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ Listing Regulations ”), and 
including any amendments, statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) for the time being in 
force, and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, 
as may be necessary and subject to any modifications and condi tions, if any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Securities and Exchange Board of Ind ia (“ SEBI ”), Registrar of 
Companies, Telangana at Hyderabad (the “ ROC ”), BSE Limited (“ BSE”), National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) and/ or other authorities institutions or bodies (the 
“Appropriate Authorities ”) while granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and 
exemptions, which may be agreed to by the board of directors of the Company (the “ Board ”, 
which expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, 
including the powers conferred by this Board r esolution), the Board hereby approves the 
buyback of up to 54,23,728 (Fifty four lakhs twenty three thousand seven hundred and twenty 
eight only) fully paid -up equity shares of the Company, each having a face value of INR 1/ - 
(Indian Rupee one only) (“ Equity Shares ”), representing up to 0.93% of the total number of 
equity shares in the paid -up share capital of the Company as on December 31, 2025 and March 
31, 2026, at a price of INR 1,475/ - (Indian Rupees one thousand four hundred and seventy five 
only) per  Equity Share (“ Buyback Price ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Price as may 
be approved by the Board or any committee thereof, payable in cash for an aggregate amount 
up to INR 800,00,00,000/ -(Indian Rupees eight hundred crores only) (excluding transaction 
costs viz. brokerag e costs, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as securities 
transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc., expenses incurred or to be incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to the SEBI, advisors/  legal fees, public announcement 
publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other incidental and related 
expenses, etc.) (“ Buyback Size ”), being 3.93% and 2.62% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up 
equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company as per 
the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 
March 31, 2 025, respectively (which is within the statutory limits of 10% of the aggregate of 
the fully paid -up equity  share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, 
 
13 under the Board approval route as per the provisions of the Companies Act and Buyback 
Regulations), on a proportionate basis through the “ tender offer ” route as prescribed under 
the Buyback Regulations, from all of the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the 
Company, including the promoters and members of the promoter group of the Company (as 
defined under SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares a nd Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, and 
to be referred as “ Promoter & Promoter Group ”) who hold Equity Shares  as of the record 
date i.e., Friday, April 17, 2026 (the “ Record Date ”) and such buyback (the “ Buyback ”). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism 
for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, 
Buy Back and Delisting” notified by the SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated 
April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 09, 2016 
and SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, including any 
amendments or statutory modifications  for the time being in force (“ SEBI Circulars ”). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its securities 
premium account, free reserves and/ or current surplus and/or cash and cash equivalents 
and/or internal accruals and/or liquid resources and/or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, and the Buyback shall be through tender offer in such manner as may be 
prescribed under the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations, and on such terms and 
conditions as the Board may deem fit.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or current surplus and/or 
cash and cash equivalents and/or internal accruals and/or liquid resources and/or such other 
sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback, to the capital redemption reserve account and the details 
of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audite d financial statements.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Regulation 42 of the Listing Regulations  and 
Regulation 9(i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Record Date for ascertaining the eligibility of 
the shareholders to participate in the buyback shall be Friday, April 17, 2026.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares, 
including Promoter & Promoter Group, who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date 
(“Eligible Shareholders ”), will be eligible to participate in the Buyback except any 
shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by Appropriate 
Authorities.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required by Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the 
Company shall buyback Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate basis 
under the tender offer, provided 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company 
proposes to Buyba ck or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small 
shareholders at the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for small shareholders, 
as defined in the Buyback Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents 
outside India including non -resident Indians, foreign nationals, foreign corporate bodies 
(including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign institutional investors / foreign 
portfolio inve stors, shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent necessary or 
required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken by such non -resident 
shareholders.  
 
14 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining 
minimum public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing 
Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall not use borrowed funds, whether secured or 
unsecured, of any form and nature, from banks and financial institutions for paying the 
consideration to the equity shareholders who have tendered their Equity Shares in the 
Buyback.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall earmark adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback, and Mr. K. Nityananda Reddy, Vice Chairman & Managing Director  or 
Mr. M. Madan Mohan Reddy, Whole -time Director of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorized to sign and submit a firm financing certificate, and to do all such acts, 
deeds and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Mr. B. 
Adi Reddy , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is hereby 
appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back 
wherein details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought 
back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying 
of Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that 
Mr. B. Adi Reddy , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and is hereby 
authorised to authenticate the entries made in the said register.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required under the provision to Section 68(6) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 8(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, the draft of the affidavit for declaration 
of solvency prepared in the prescribed form along with supporting documents, placed before 
the meeting be and is hereby approved, and that Mr. K. Nithyananda Reddy, Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director and Mr. M. Madan Mohan Reddy, Whole -time Director of the Company be 
and are hereby authorized to finalise and sign the same, fo r and on behalf of the Board, and 
Mr. B. Adi Reddy , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is 
hereby authorized to file the same with ROC and SEBI and or other concerned authorities, as 
may be necessary in accordance with applicable law.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, 
the Board hereby confirms that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the 
Company and has formed an opinion that:  
a) immediately following the date of board meeting (i.e., Monday, April 6, 2026) (“ Board 
Meeting ”) approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company can 
be found unable to pay its debts;  
b) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of Board 
Meeting, and having regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of 
the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the fi nancial 
resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, 
the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be 
rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the  Board Meeting; and  
c) in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20 16, as 
applicable.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that:  
 
15 a) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid -up; 
b) the Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities 
(including by way of bonus) or convert any outstanding employee stock options / 
outstanding instruments into Equity Shares, from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made 
to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback;   
c) unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and / or any other 
regulatory authority, the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year, 
as prescribed under the provisions of Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyback  Regulations, from 
the expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is 
made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of its 
subsisting obligations;  
d) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make 
a further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new 
shares under Section 62(1)(a) or other specified securities within a period of  six months 
except by way of a bonus issue or in the discharge of subsisting obligations such as 
conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference 
shares or debentures into Equity Shares;  
e) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after public announcement of the offer to 
Buyback is made;  
f) the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the 
Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed 
in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act withi n 
the specified timelines;  
g) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity 
Shares until the pendency of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
h) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
i) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any 
person through negotiated deals whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot 
transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation of Buyback;  
j) there are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) in the repayment of any deposits 
(including interest payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, 
payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans to any financial institution o r banks 
(including interest payable thereon), as the case may be, and in case of defaults which 
have ceased to subsist, if any, a period of more than 3 (three) years has lapsed.  
k) in the event of non -fulfilment of the obligations under the Buyback Regulations by the 
Company, the monies deposited in the Escrow Account / Special Account in full or in part 
shall be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the shareholders who accepte d the 
offer and balance if any shall be utilized for investor protection in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations;  
l) that the Company has been in compliance with  Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;  
m) the aggregate amount of the Buyback i.e. up to INR 800,00,00,000/ -(Indian Rupees eight 
hundred crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity 
share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company as pe r the 
 
16 latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 
March 31, 2025;  
n) the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback (up to 
54,23,728 Equity Shares), does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in 
the paid -up equity share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2025 and March 31, 
2026.  
o) the Company has not undertaken a buyback of any of its securities during the period of 
one year immediately preceding the date of the Board Meeting;  
p) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned 
from the date of expiry of the Buyback period i.e., the date on which the payment of 
consideration is made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback;  
q) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the 
Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and /or the Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
r) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing of 
Board resolution approving the Buyback;  
s) there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
involving the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, as on date;  
t) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall 
not be more than twice its paid -up capital and free reserves after the Buyback, based on 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March  
31, 2025, as prescribed under the Companies Act and rules made thereunder and Buyback 
Regulations;  
u) the Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its shares or other specified 
securities from the stock exchanges;  
v) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, or through any investment 
company or group of investment companies;  
w) in accordance with Regulation 5(i)(c) and Clause (xii) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations, the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained prior 
consent of its lenders, in case of breach of any covenant with such lenders, and 
accor dingly, the Company has obtained the prior consent of its lenders, as necessary, for 
undertaking the Buyback;  
x) the information pertaining to the Company as may be set out in the public announcement, 
letter of offer, any corrigenda and all offer documents with respect to the Buyback shall 
be true, fair and adequate information in all material aspects and shall not c ontain any 
misleading information; and  
y) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the Promoter & Promoter Group, 
and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the 
Company either through the stock exchanges or off -market transactions (incl uding inter -
se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoter and Promoter Group) from the date of 
Board resolution approving the Buyback  till the closing of the Buyback offer.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information / material that is likely to have a bearing on the 
decision of investors has been suppressed or withheld and /or incorporated in the manner 
that would amount to a mis -statement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring 
at any p oint of time that any information has been suppressed or withheld and / or amounts 
 
17 to a mis -statement or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for 
penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein shall confer any right on any shareholder 
to offer or any obligation on the Company or the Board to buyback any Equity Shares or impair 
any power of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
if so permissible by law.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. K. Nithyananda Reddy, Vice Chairman & Managing Director, 
Mr. M. Madan Mohan Reddy, Whole -time Director, Mr. S. Subramanian, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. B. Adi Reddy , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company , be 
and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e -forms with the ROC and to do all such 
acts, deeds and things or incidental for signing and filing of forms, payment of fees, etc. and 
to do all such other acts, things and deeds, as may be requir ed for the aforesaid purpose or 
other services as that may be necessary.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. B. Adi Reddy , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of 
the Company , be and is hereby authorised to represent the Company before the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, SEBI, the stock exchanges, any regulatory/ statutory bodies/ authorities or 
any other agencies connected with the Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, let ters, 
documents or other papers that may be required.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by any Director and/or 
Company Secretary be forwarded to concerned persons/ authority as may be required.”   
“RESOLVED THAT a committee comprising of Mr. K. Nithyananda Reddy, Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director, Mr. M. Madan Mohan Reddy, Whole -time Director and  Mr. S. 
Subramanian, Chief Financial Officer of the Company be constituted for the purpose of the 
Buyback (“ Buyback Committee ”) and that the Buyback Committee be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion 
deem necessary, expedient, usual, or proper as the Buyback Committee may consider to be 
in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, without any further approval of the 
Board, including but not limited to the following:  
a) seeking all regulatory approvals required for the Company to implement the Buyback, as 
applicable;  
b) appointing all intermediaries including but not limited to brokers, registrar, advertising 
agency, investor service centre, escrow bank, legal advisors, other advisors, depository 
participant, printers, consultants or representatives, if any, and settlemen t of terms of 
appointment including the remuneration for all such intermediaries / agencies / persons, 
including by the payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges etc. and enter into 
agreements / letters in respect thereof;  
c) opening, operating and closing all necessary accounts, including bank accounts (including 
Escrow Account and Special Account) and entering into agreements with and to give 
instructions in connection therewith and / or to delegate the operation of such acco unts 
as required under applicable laws (including the Buyback Regulations), depository 
accounts (demat account / trading account / buyer broker account) and another account 
as may be necessary for the Buyback and deciding the authorized signatories for suc h 
accounts and for the purpose of payment and authorizing persons to operate the said 
accounts;  
d) entering into escrow arrangements as may be required by the Buyback Regulations and 
 
18 depositing and / or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into Escrow Account 
and finalising the composition / combination of such deposit into Escrow Account in 
accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations and the escrow arrangement ; 
e) increasing the Buyback Price and decreasing the number of Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, till one working day prior 
to the Record Date, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations;  
f) finalizing the terms and timeline of the Buyback including not limited to the schedule of 
activities, entitlement ratio, opening date and closing date of the offer period and the 
timeframe for completing the Buyback and re -affirming declaration of solvency  as and 
when required;  
g) dealing with the stock exchanges (including their clearing corporation), deciding on the 
appointment of a designated stock exchange, and to sign, execute, and deliver such 
documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementing the 
Buyba ck using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” notified 
by SEBI Circulars;  
h) taking all actions to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of 
acceptance, pay the shareholders consideration for shares bought back, extinguishment 
of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company and filling of necessary documents in 
relation to the same;  
i) preparation, finalizing, signing and filing of the public announcement, the letter of offer, 
all certifications and undertakings and any other document required in relation to the 
Buyback with the SEBI, ROC, the stock exchanges and other Appropriate Author ities;  
j) making all applications to the Appropriate Authorities for their requisite approvals 
including approvals as may be required from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed there under, if 
any;  
k) signing, executing and delivering such other documents, deeds and writings and to do all 
such acts, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, 
expedient or proper, to be in the best interest of the shareholders for the impleme ntation 
of the Buyback, and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of various 
documents and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and 
correspondence as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI , 
RBI, ROC, stock exchanges, depositories and/or other authorities;  
l) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the 
website of the Company and filing the same with the stock exchanges as required under 
applicable law;  
m) affixing the Common Seal of the Company on relevant documents required to be executed 
for the buyback of shares in accordance with the provisions of the articles of association 
of the Company;  
n) settling and resolving any queries raised by the SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC and any other 
authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary of the 
Buyback;  
o) authorising/ appointing persons to represent the Company, if required, before the ROC, 
SEBI, stock exchanges, or any other authority in connection with the Buyback and to sign 
and submit all forms, letters, documents or other papers that may be required;  
p) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the 
 
19 Companies Act and to furnish appropriate returns to the Appropriate Authorities;  
q) obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties as required under applicable law;  
r) giving such directions as may be necessary or desirable and settling any questions or 
difficulties whatsoever that may arise in relation to the Buyback;  
s) to settle and resolve any queries or difficulties raised by SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC and 
any other authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary 
to the Buyback;  
t) to give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the 
public announcement and any other advertisements, as may be required by the relevant 
authorities including SEBI;  
u) earmarking and making arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of 
the Buyback;  
v) closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the 
Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable 
laws;  
w) to finalize and execute necessary certifications, confirmations, undertakings etc. that may 
be required to be provided on behalf of the Board in regard to the Buyback;  
x) to finalize, sign, execute and submit necessary documents, deeds, affidavits, 
undertakings, certifications, agreements, forms, returns, applications, letters, etc., seek 
approval(s) and to represent the Company with the SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC, National  
Securities Depository Limited, Central Depository Services (India) Limited and any other 
regulatory authority in connection with the Buyback;  
y) to incur such other expenses as may be necessary with regard to the Buyback including 
fees to be paid to SEBI / other regulatory authorities, registrar’s fees, fees for demat 
escrow agent and other intermediaries, fee for any consultants / advisers that ma y be 
hired, publication expenses, postage expenses, transaction costs viz. brokerage, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, 
etc. and such other expenses that may be necessary or incidental in this regard.  
z) drafting, making alterations to, additions to, deletions to, variations to, amendments or 
corrections to and issuing and filing with appropriate statutory/other authorities, the 
public announcement, the letter of offer and all other documents, resolutions,  
advertisements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the certificate for 
extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates (if any), and other 
documents required in connection with the Buyback and causing the declaration of 
solven cy and supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable law and 
such alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be 
deemed to have been approved by the Board; and  
aa) doing such other acts, deeds, matters, or things, and executing such documents, forms, 
letters, confirmations, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit and file all 
necessary forms, letters, applications, e -forms and other documents as they  may in their 
absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper or are necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in connection with or in 
furtherance of the Buyback.  
 
20 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for 
implementing the Buyback shall be any two members and Buyback Committee may regulate 
its own proceedings and meet as often as required, to discharge its functions.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  subject to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, the 
Buyback Committee is permitted to pass any resolution by circulation and the resolution 
passed by circulation shall have the same effect and force as if the resolutions have been 
passed in the m eeting of the Buyback Committee.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee shall have the power and authority to 
delegate all or any of the authorities conferred upon it to any officer(s) and/or representatives 
of the Company, in order to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and 
substitute such delegation / sub -delegation of authority from time to time.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all acts, deeds, matters and things done by the Buyback Committee 
for the purpose shall have the same effect as if done by the Board.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board and 
the Buyback Committee be and are hereby severally authorized to accept and make any 
alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as they may deem necessary, 
concerning any as pect of the Buyback, in accordance with the statutory requirements or any 
conditions laid down by any regulatory or other authority while giving its approval as well as 
to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settl e any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise and generally, to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in 
connection with or for matters conseq uential to the Buyback without seeking any further 
consent or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee  shall stand dissolved on the date of 
completion of Buyback  process . 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by any Director and/or 
Company Secretary be forwarded to concerned persons/ authority as may be required . 
Unquote  
 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
In accordance with Regulation 7 (i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made a Public 
Announcement for the Buyback dated Tues day, April 7 , 202 6, which was published on  
Wednes day, April 8 , 2026 in the newspapers mentioned below, which is within 2 (two) 
Working Days from the date  of the Board Meeting  approving the Buyback , i.e., Monday , April 
6, 202 6: 
Publication  Language  Editions  
Financial Express   English  All editions  
Jansatta   Hindi  All editions  
Nava Telangana   Telugu * Hyderabad edition  
* Telugu being the regional language where the registered office of the Company is located.  
The Company will publish further notices or corrigenda, if any  relating to the Public 
Announcement , in the abovementioned newspapers. A copy of the Public Announcement is 
available on the website s of the Company  at (www.aurobindo.com ), the Manager to the 
Buyback ( www.axiscapital.co.in ), Registrar to the Buyback ( www.kfintech.com ), SEBI 
(www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ). 
 
21 6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK  
 
6.1 At the Board M eeting held on Mon day, April 6 , 2026, the Board, subject to such approvals of 
regulatory and/or statutory authorities as may be required under applicable laws,  has 
approved the buyback of up to 54,23,728 (Fifty Four  Lakh T wenty Three  Thousand Seven  
Hundred and Twenty Eight  only) Equity Shares, representing approximately 0.93% of the total 
number of outstanding Equity Shares of the Company, at a price of ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One 
Thousand Four Hundred and S eventy Five  only) per Equity Share, subject to any increase to 
the Buyback Price as may be approved by the Board  or the  Buyback Committee, payable in 
cash , for an aggregate amount up to  ₹ 800,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Eight Hundred Crore  only), 
excluding Transaction Costs , from all of the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the 
Company, including the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group , who hold Equity Shares 
as of the Record Date on a proportionate basis through the “ Tender Offer ” route in 
accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations, Companies Act, rules framed 
thereunder including the Share Capital Rules and Management Rules, and the Listing 
Regulations, to the extent applicable, and the SEBI Circulars.  
 
6.2 The Buyback Size constitutes 3.93% and 2.62% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity 
share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company as per the  latest  
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 
2025, respectively, and is within the statutory limit of 10% of the aggregate of the total paid -
up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the Company  as 
per the audited  standalone and consolidated financi al statements of the Company  as at March 
31, 202 5 (i.e., the last audited financial statements available as on the date of Board Meeting 
recommending the proposal of the Buyback),  under the board approval route as per Section 
68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other 
applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations . Further, since the Equity Shares proposed 
to be bought back represents approximately 0.93% of the total number of outstanding Equity 
Shares of the Company as of March 31, 202 5 and December 31 , 202 5, the same is within the 
25% limit as per the provisions of the Companies Act and  Regulation 4(i) of  the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
6.3 The Buyback is in accordance with Article 40(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and 
rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules, the Management Rules, the Listing 
Regulations to the e xtent applicable, Buyback Regulations read with SEBI Circulars, subject to 
such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary 
and subject to any modifications and condit ions, if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC , 
BSE, NSE and/ or other authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to 
such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such 
approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
6.4 The Equity Shares  are listed on BSE and NSE. The Buyback shall be undertaken on a 
proportionate basis (subject to reservation for Small Shareholders ) from all the equity 
shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Company, including the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group , who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date through the Tender Offer 
process prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the Buyback Regulations and shall be 
implemented using the Stock Exchange Mechanism  as specified in the SEBI Circulars. In this 
regard, the Company will request BSE to provide the Acquisition Window  for facilitating 
tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback and, for the purposes of this Buyback, BSE will 
be the Design ated Stock Exchange . 
 
 
22 6.5 The funds for implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free 
reserves of the Company and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by Buyback 
Regulations or the Companies Act. Funds borrowed from banks and financial institutions, i f 
any, will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
6.6 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through 
the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such  transfer shall 
be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.  
 
6.7 The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are Non -Resident Shareholders , shall be 
subject to such approvals, if any, and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned 
authorities including approvals from the RBI under the FEMA , and that such approvals shall 
be required to be taken by such Non -Resident Shareholders . 
 
6.8 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and persons 
in control of the Company as on the date of the Public Announcement and this Letter of Offer 
is as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Category  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Venkata Ramprasad Reddy 
Penaka  Promoter  1,78,33,646  3.07  
2.  K Nit hyananda Reddy  Promoter  2,53,59,572  4.37 
Total (A)  4,31,93,218 7.44 
3.  M Sivakumaran  Promoter Group  1,43,57,432 2.47  
4.  K Rajeshwari  Promoter Group  18,08,631 0.31  
5.  Suneela Rani Penaka  Promoter Group  1,28,799 0.02  
6.  Prasada Reddy Kambham  Promoter Group  2,98,373  0.05  
7.  K Suryaprakash Reddy  Promoter Group  7,380  0.00  
8.  M Sumanth Kumar Reddy  Promoter Group  15,85,214  0.27  
9.  Kirthi Reddy Kambam  Promoter Group  2,00,62,852 3.45 
10.  Kambam Spoorthi  Promoter Group  69,39,173 1.19  
11.  Penaka Neha Reddy  Promoter Group  Nil Nil 
12.  Trident Chemphar Limited  Promoter Group  7,82,241 0.13  
13.  Axis Clinicals Limited  Promoter Group  6,51,920 0.11  
14.  RPR Sons Advisors Private 
Limited, Suneela Rani 
Penaka (joint holding)  Promoter Group  19,45,61,357 33.5 0 
15.  Axis Clinicals Limited, 
Trident Chemphar  Limited, 
RPR Sons Advisors Private 
Limited (joint holding)  Promoter Group  1,65,72,131 2.85  
Total (B)  25,77,55,503 44.38 
Total (A+B)  30,09,48,721 51.8 2 
 
6.9 In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under Tender Offer route, the members of the Promoter 
& Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in 
the Buyback. In this regard, the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  vide their letters 
dated Tues day, April 7 , 202 6, have expressed their intention to participate in the Buyback . For 
further details, please refer to Paragraph 9.7 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
 
23 6.10 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to Promoter & Promoter Group  or any directors of 
the Company except to the extent of the cash consideration received by them from the 
Company pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as equity 
shareholders of the Company, and the change in their sha reholding as per the response 
received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares, which will lead to 
reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post B uyback. Any change in voting rights 
of the Promoter & Promoter Group  of the Company pursuant to completion of Buyback will 
not result in any change in control over the Company.  
 
6.11 Pursuant to the proposed Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the 
aggregate voting rights in the Company of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  
and persons in control of the Company may change from the existing shareholding of the total 
equity capital and voting rights of the Company. Assuming response to the Buyback is to the 
extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders up  to their Entitlement, the 
aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Prom oter Group  and the persons 
in control of the Company, post Buyback may increase  to 51.88 % of the post Buyback equity 
share capital of the Company . For further details, please refer to paragraph 13.6 of this Letter 
of Offer.  
 
6.12 The Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations . 
 
6.13  Participation in the Buyback by Eligible Shareholders may trigger capital gains taxation in India 
and in their country of residence. The transaction of Buyback would also be chargeable to 
securities transaction tax in India. However, in view of the particularized nature of tax 
consequences, Eligible Shareholders are advised to consult their own legal, financial and tax 
advisors prior to  participating in the Buyback.  In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the 
Tender Offer route, the Promoter and Pro moter Group have the option to participate in the 
Buyback . 
 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
The Buyback is being undertaking by the Company in accordance with Article 40(b) of the 
Articles of Association of the Company and Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and rules framed thereunder, including the Share 
Capital Rules, the Management Rules, the Listing Regulations to the e xtent applicable, 
Buyback Regulations read with SEBI Circulars, subject to such other approvals, permissions, 
consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subjec t to any modifications 
and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC , BSE, NSE, and/ or other authorities, 
institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications 
as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and 
exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board . 
 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
The Buyback is being undertaken, inter -alia, for the following reasons:  
 
8.1 The Buyback will help the Company to reward its shareholders and enhance the overall return 
to shareholders ; 
 
8.2 The Buyback is expected to improve earnings per share and other key ratios such as return on 
net worth and return on assets over a period of time;  and 
 
24  
8.3 The Buyback, which is being implemented through the Tender Offer route as prescribed under 
the Buyback Regulations, would involve allocation of number of Equity Shares as per their 
entitlement or 15% of the number of Equity Shares to be bought back, whichever is higher, 
reserved for Small Shareholders. The Company believes that this reservation for Small 
Shareholders would benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would get classified 
as “Small Shareholders ” as per Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback  Regulations . 
 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON 
THE COMPANY   
 
9.1 We believe that the Buyback is not likely to cause any impact on the profitability or earnings 
of the Company, except to the extent of reduction in the amount available for investment, 
which the Company could have been otherwise deployed towards generating investment 
income. Assuming there is full participation in the Buyback, the funds deployed by the 
Company towards the Buyback (excluding Transaction Costs) would be up to  ₹ 
800,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Eight Hundred Crore  only) . This shall impact the investment income 
earned by the Company, on account of reduced amount of funds available for investments.  
With a likely reduction in the equity share capital base, the Buyback will likely improve the 
return on net worth or return on equity ratio.  
 
9.2 We believe that the Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to 
pursue growth opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations. The 
Buyback is being undertaken, inter alia , for helping the Company to reward the Eligible 
Shareholders broadly in proportion to their shareholding, thereby, enhancing the overall 
return to the Equity Shareholders.  
 
9.3 The Buyback will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management 
structure of the Company.  
 
9.4 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and person 
in control of the Company as on the date of the Public Announcement and this Letter of Offer 
is as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Category  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Venkata Ramprasad 
Reddy Penaka  Promoter  1,78,33,646  3.07  
2.  K Nit hyananda Reddy  Promoter  2,53,59,572  4.37 
Total (A)  4,31,93,218  7.44 
3.  M Sivakumaran  Promoter Group  1,43,57,432  2.47  
4.  K Rajeshwari  Promoter Group  18,08,631  0.31  
5.  Suneela Rani Penaka  Promoter Group  1,28,799  0.02  
6.  Prasada Reddy 
Kambham  Promoter Group  2,98,373  0.05  
7.  K Suryaprakash Reddy  Promoter Group  7,380  0.00  
8.  M Sumanth Kumar 
Reddy  Promoter Group  15,85,214  0.27  
9.  Kirthi Reddy Kambam  Promoter Group  2,00,62,852  3.45 
10.  Kambam Spoorthi  Promoter Group  69,39,173  1.19  
11.  Penaka Neha Reddy  Promoter Group  Nil Nil 
 
25 12.  Trident Chemphar 
Limited  Promoter Group  7,82,241  0.13  
13.  Axis Clinicals Limited  Promoter Group  6,51,920  0.11  
14.  RPR Sons Advisors 
Private Limited, Suneela 
Rani Penaka (joint 
holding)  Promoter Group  19,45,61,357  33.5 0 
15.  Axis Clinicals Limited, 
Trident Chemphar 
Limited, RPR Sons 
Advisors Private Limited 
(joint holding)  Promoter Group  1,65,72,131  2.85  
Total (B)  25,77,55,503  44.38 
Total (A+B)  30,09,48,721  51.8 2 
 
9.5 The aggregate shareholding of the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming 
part of the Promoter & Promoter Group  in the Company:  
 
Sr 
No Name of Company/ 
Trust forming part of 
the Promoter & 
Promoter Group  Name of the 
Director/ Trustee  No. of Equity 
Shares  % 
shareholding  
1. Axis Clinicals Limited  Jayachandra Reddy 
Atluri  29,000  0.01  
2. RPR Sons Advisors 
Private Limited  Venkata Ramprasad 
Reddy Penaka  1,78,33,646 3.07  
Suneela Rani Penaka  1,28,799  0.02  
 
9.6 The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the Company 
(other than members of the Promoter & Promoter Group ) in the Company:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  % shareholding  
1. S. Subramanian  7,063 Negligible  
2. M. Madan Mohan Reddy  2,010  Negligible  
Total  9,073 Negligible  
 
9.7 Intention of members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and persons in control of the 
Company to participate in the Buyback:  
 
In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under Tender Offer route, the members of the Promoter 
& Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in 
the Buyback. In this regard, the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  vide their letters 
dated April 7 , 2026, have expressed their intention  to participate in the Buyback and tender 
up to the number of Equity Shares set out in the table below, or such lower number of Equity 
Shares as permitted under the applicable law:   
 
 
 
 
 
26 Sr. 
No. Name  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  Maximum 
number of Equity 
Shares intended 
to be tendered up 
to 
1.  Venkata Ramprasad Reddy Penaka  1,78,33,646  3,22,000  
2.  K Nit hyananda Reddy  2,53,59,572  4,58,000  
3.  M Sivakumaran  1,43,57,432 2,60,000 
4.  Rajeshwari Kambham  18,08,631 33,000  
5.  Suneela Rani Penaka  1,28,799 3,000 
6.  Prasada Reddy Kambham  2,98,373 6,000 
7.  K Suryaprakash Reddy  7,380  Nil 
8.  M Sumanth Kumar Reddy  15,85,214 29,000  
9.  Kirthi Reddy Kambam  2,00,62,852 3,62,000  
10.  Kambam Spoorthi  69,39,173 1,26,000  
11.  Trident Chemphar  Limited  7,82,241 15,000 
12.  Axis Clinicals Limited  6,51,920 12,000 
13.  RPR Sons Advisors Private Limited, 
Suneela Rani Penaka (joint holding)  19,45,61,357 35,07,000 
 
14.  Axis Clinicals Limited, Trident 
Chemphar  Limited, RPR Sons Advisors 
Private Limited (joint holding)  1,65,72,131 3,00,000 
 
Total   30,09,48,721 54,33,000 
 
9.8 The entire shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  is in 
dematerialised form . The details of the date and price of acquisition  of the Equity Shares 
proposed to be tendered in the Buyback by the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  
and persons in control of the Company  who intend to participate in the Buyback are set out 
below:  
 
9.8.1 Venkata Ramprasad Reddy Penaka  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 3,22,000  Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 90,00,000 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
1,66,354 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the 
Company which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.8.2 K Nit hyananda Reddy  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 4,58,000 Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 1,37,62,350 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance.  
 
27 9.8.3 M Sivakumaran  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 2,60,000 Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 73,45,680 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
1,33,928 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the 
Company which was settled on August 19, 2024 .  
 
9.8.4 K Rajeshwari  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 33,000 Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 8,87,750 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
16,869 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company 
which was settled on August 19, 2024 .  
 
9.8.5 Suneela Rani Penaka  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 September 30,  
2021(1) Gift from member  of  
Promoter & Promoter Group  1 3,000 Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of Received a total of 1 ,30,000 equity shares from Penaka Neha 
Reddy, a member of the Promoter & Promoter Group , of which 1,201 equity shares have been 
accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company which was settled on August 19, 
2024.  
 
9.8.6 Prasada Reddy Kambham  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 6,000 Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 2,00,578 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
2,783 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company 
which was settled on August 19, 2024.   
  
 
28 9.8.7 M Sumanth Kumar Reddy  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 29,000  Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 8,00,000 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
14,786 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company 
which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.8.8 Kirthi Reddy Kambam  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 3,62,000  Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 1,03,50,000 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of 
which 1,87,148 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the 
Company which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.8.9 Kambam Spoorthi  
 
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  
the ratio of 1:1  1 1,26,000  Nil 
Note : (1) Received a total of 38,00,000 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
60,827 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company 
which was settled on August 19, 2024 .  
 
9.8.10  Trident Chemphar Limited  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ 
transfer price per 
Equity Share (in ₹) 
1 March 18, 2020(1) Market purchase  1 15,000 392.82  
Note : (1) Acquired a total of 1,30,000 equity shares through market purchase at a weighted 
average price  of ₹ 392.82 /-, of which 7,296 equity shares have been accepted in the previous 
buyback undertaken by the Company which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.8.11  Axis Clinicals Limited  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ transfer 
price per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 July 22, 2015(1) Bonus issue in  1 12,000 Nil 
 
29 the ratio of 1:1  
Note : (1) Received a total of 26,18,745 equity shares pursuant to the bonus issuance , of which 
6,080 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback undertaken by the Company 
which was settled on August 19, 2024 .  
 
9.8.12  RPR Sons Advisors Private Limited, Suneela Rani Penaka ( Joint holding)  
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of transaction  Face Value  
(in ₹) Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ 
transfer 
price per 
Equity Share 
(in ₹) 
1 January 19,  
2017(1) Contribution by 
partners through  
an off -market 
transfer   1 35,07,00
0 12.12  
Note : (1) 19,63,76,250 Equity Shares of the Company were contributed by Suneela Rani Penaka  
a member  of the Promoter & Promoter Group, at a weighted average price of ₹12.12 /- per 
equity share , of which 18,14,893 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback 
undertaken by the Company which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.8.13  Axis Clinicals Limited, Trident Chemphar  Limited, RPR Sons Advisors Private 
Limited ( Joint holding)   
 
Sr. 
No. Date of 
Acquisition  Nature of 
transaction  Face Value  
(in ₹) Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
acquired  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in ₹) 
1 March 30,  
2017(1) Contribution by 
partners through  
an off -market 
transfer  1 3,00,000 32.64  
Note : (1) 45,79,490 equity shares of the Company were contributed by Axis Clinicals Limited 
and 1,21,47,226 Equity  Shares of the Company were contributed by Trident Chemphar Limited  
both members of  the Promoter & Promoter Group, at a weighted average price of ₹ 32.64/ - 
per equity  share , of which 1,54,585 equity shares have been accepted in the previous buyback 
undertaken by the Company which was settled on August 19, 2024.  
 
9.9 No Equity Shares or other specified securities in the Company were either purchased or sold 
by (a) the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and persons who are in control of the 
Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming part of the Promoter 
& Promoter Group  in the Company; and (c) directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company, during the 6 (Six) months preceding the date of the Board Meeting , and during the 
12 (Twelve) months preceding  the date of the Public Announcement, except as follows:  
  
 
30 Name  Aggregate no. 
of Equity 
Shares 
allotted / 
transferred  Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
Equity 
Share ( ₹)* Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
Equity 
Share ( ₹)* Date of 
minimum 
price  
Jayachandra 
Reddy Atluri  1,680  Sale 1,270 March 10 , 
2026 1,26 8 March 10 , 
2026 
* Excluding transaction costs such as brokerage, securities transaction tax  etc. 
 
9.10 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group , 
persons in control of the Company or any Director except to the extent of the cash 
consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation 
in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the Company, and the change in 
their shareholding as per the resp onse received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback . 
 
9.11 Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up  to their Entitlement including the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group , the aggregate shareholding and the voting rights of the members of the 
Promoter & Promoter Group , may increase to 51.88 % post Buyback from the current pre 
Buyback shareholding of  51.8 2%, and the aggregate shareholding of the public Shareholders 
in the Company may decrease to 48.12 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback 
shareholding of 48.18%. The members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  are already in 
control over the Company and therefore any further increase in the voting rights of the 
members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  will not result in any change in control of the 
Company . 
 
9.12 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from the 
Non -Resident Shareholders, Indian financial institutions, banks, mutual funds and the public 
including other bodies corporate, the shareholding of the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group  would undergo a change. Please refer to paragraph 13.6 for further details.  
 
9.13 The debt -equity ratio post Buyback on standalone as well as consolidated basis will be 
compliant with the permissible limit of 2:1 prescribed under Section 68(2)(d) of Companies 
Act and Regulation 4(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, even if the response to the Buyback is to 
the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders . 
 
9.14 The Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities (including 
by way of bonus), from the date of the Board Meeting till the expiry of the Buyback period, 
i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the  shareholders who have 
accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into equity shares. There are no subsisting oblig ations to issue or allot any Equity 
Shares or other specified securities through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, 
sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares . 
 
9.15 The Company has outstanding facilities with its lenders. In accordance with Regulation 5(i)(c) 
and Clause (xii) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, the Company shall not undertake 
the Buyback unless it has obtained prior consent of its lenders, in case of breach of any 
covenant with such lenders. The Company confirms that it has obtained the prior consent of 
its lenders, as necessary, for undertaking the Buyback.  
 
31  
9.16 Unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and/ or any other 
regulatory authority, the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 ( One) year, 
as prescribed under the provisions of Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyback Regulations, from the 
expiry of the Buyback Period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to 
the Eligible S hareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of its subsisting 
obligations . Further, the Company shall no t issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified 
securities (including by way of bonus), from the date of the Board Meeting till the expiry of 
the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the 
shareholders who ha ve accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of subsisting obligations 
through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of 
preference shares or debentures into equity shares . The Company , as per the provisions of 
Section 68( 8) of the Companies Act, will not make a further issue of the same kind of shares 
or other securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months except by way of a bonus 
issue or in the discharge of subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option 
schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares.  
 
9.17 As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group , and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified 
securities of the Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off -market transactions 
(including  by way of  inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group ) from the date of the Board Meeting  till the closing of the Buyback.  
 
9.18 Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on standalone and 
consolidated audited financial statement of the Company for the financial year ended March 
31, 202 5 are set forth below:  
 
Parameter  Standalone  Consolidated  
Pre-Buyback  Post  
Buyback(1) Pre-Buyback  Post  
Buyback(1) 
Networth (in ₹ Million)  203,498.7  
 195,498 .7 305,805.4  
 297,805.4  
Return on Net worth (%)  8.58 % 8.94 % 11.40% 11.71% 
Basic Earnings per share 
(₹) 29.97  30.25  59.81  60.37  
Book value per share ( ₹) 350.38  339.77  526.52  517.58  
Price/ Earnings Ratio  38.7 38.4 19.4  19.2 
Total Debt/Equity Ratio  0.23 0.24 0.26 0.27 
Note:  
(1) Assuming full acceptance.  
 
The key ratios  have been computed as below:  
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per 
share  Profit after tax / Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding  
Book value per share  Net worth / Total number of outstanding shares  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt(1) / Net worth  
Price / Earning ratio  Calculated as closing market price of the Equity Shares on NSE 
as on March 28, 202 5 (INR 1,160.50)  divided by earnings per 
share for the period ended March 31, 202 5 
 
32 Net Worth  Paid -up equity share capital + security premium + general 
reserve  + retained earnings of the Company  
Note : 
(1) Total Debt = Current Borrowings + Non -Current Borrowings + Current Portion of Non -
current borrowings  
 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  
 
10.1 The Equity Shares are proposed to be bought back at a price ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand 
Four Hundred and S eventy Five  only) per Equity Share.  
 
10.2 The Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors including, but not 
limited to the trends in the volume weighted average prices and the closing price of the Equity 
Shares at the Stock Exchanges.  
 
10.3 The Buyback Price represents:   
 
10.3.1  premium of 20.86% and 2 1.82% over the volume weighted average market price of 
the Equity Share on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the 3 ( Three) months 
preceding Tues day, March 31 , 202 6, being the date of intimation to the Stock 
Exchanges for the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback  
(“Intimation Date ”). 
 
10.3.2  premium of 12.72% and 1 4.21 % over the volume weighted average market price of 
the Equity Share on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the 2 ( Two) weeks preceding 
the Intimation Date . 
 
10.3.3  premium  of 13.18% and 1 3.08% over the closing price of the Equity Share on BSE 
and NSE, respectively, as on the trading day immediately preceding the Intimation 
Date, i.e., Mon day, March 30 , 202 6. 
 
10.3.4  premium of 10.09% and 10.04% over the closing price of the Equity Share on BSE 
and NSE, respectively, as on Mon day, April 6 , 202 6, being the date of the Board 
Meeting . 
 
10.4 The closing market price of the Equity Shares on the trading day immediately preceding the 
Intimation Date, i.e., Mon day, March 30 , 202 6, was ₹ 1,303.20 /- and ₹ 1,304.40/- and as on 
the date of the Board Meeting was ₹ 1,339.80/- and ₹ 1,340.40/- on BSE and NSE, respectively.  
 
10.5 For trends in the market price of the Equity Shares, please refer to paragraph 16 ( Stock Market 
Data ) of this Letter of Offer. For details of s alient financial parameters, both pre -Buyback and 
post -Buyback, based on the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 202 5, please refer to paragraph 9.1 8 of this 
Letter of Offer . 
 
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
11.1 The maximum amount required for Buyback will not exceed  ₹ 800,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Eight 
Hundred Crore  only) (excluding Transaction Costs ). The Buyback Size constitutes 3.93% and 
2.62% of the aggregate of the total paid -up share capital and free reserves  (including securities 
premium)  of the Company , as per the audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at March 31, 202 5, respectively, which is within the statutory 
 
33 limit of 10% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity capital and free reserves (including 
securities premium) of the Company as at March 31, 202 5, under the Board approval route as 
per Section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and 
other applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations . 
 
11.2 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free 
reserves (including securities premium ) of the Company and/  or such other sources as may be 
permitted by Buyback Regulations or the Companies Act . Funds  borrowed from banks and 
financial institutions, if any, will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
11.3 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through 
the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such  transfer shall 
be disclosed in its audited financial statements , as required . 
 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN  AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  
 
12.1 In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations,  an escrow agreement has 
been entered into amongst the Company, Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent  on 
Tuesday, April 7 , 202 6. 
 
12.2 In accordance with the Buyback Regulations and pursuant to the Escrow Agreement , an 
Escrow Account in the name and style “ Aurobindo Pharma Limited  - Buyback Escrow 
Account ” bearing account number 926020012864440  has been opened with the Escrow 
Agent, namely, Axis Bank Limited, having its registered office at  ‘Trishul ’, 3rd Floor, Opposite 
Samartheshwar Temple, Law Garden, Ellis Bridge, Ahmedabad 380 006, Gujarat , acting 
through its branch situated at 6-3-879/ B, First Floor, G. Pullareddy Building, Greenlands, 
Begumpet Road, Hyderabad -500016 . The Company has deposit ed an amount of ₹ 
95,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Ninety  Five Crore  only)  in the Escrow Account in cash i.e., an amount 
equivalent to the aggregate of 25% of ₹ 100 Crore  and 10% of the Buyback Size beyond ₹ 100 
Crore , by way of security for fulfilment  of its obligations under the Buyback , in compliance 
with the provisions under Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations.  In accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations, the Manager to the Buyback has been  empowered to operate the 
Escrow Account .  
 
12.3 The Company has adequate and firm financial resources to fulfil the  obligations under the 
Buyback. G Pavan Kumar Reddy  (Membership No.  229495 ), partner at G P M & Associates , 
Chartered Accountant s (Firm Registration No.  015343S ) having its office at  Flat No. B -207, B -
Block, Galaxy Apartments, Survey No. 74, Kondapur Village, Serilingampally Mandal, 
Hyderabad - 500 084 , has certified through its certificate dated Mon day, April 6 , 2026 
(“Certificate ”) that the Company has firm and adequate financial arrangements for meeting 
its obligations arising out of the Buyback .  
 
12.4 Based on the Certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that it is satisfied that firm 
arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place and that the 
Company  has the ability to implement the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback  
Regulations.  
 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN   
 
13.1 The present capital structure of the Company as on date of this Letter of Offer is as follows:  
 
34  
Parameters  Pre-Buyback  
Authorised Share Capital   
4,54,29,93,820  Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each  ₹ 4,54,29,93,820  
2,12,10,000  preference shares of ₹ 100/ - each  ₹ 2,12,10,00,000  
Total  ₹ 6,66,39,93,820  
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
58,08,01,623 Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each  ₹ 58,08,01,623 
Total  ₹ 58,08,01,623 
 
13.2 Assuming full acceptance in the Buyback of 54,23,728 Equity Shares, the capital structure post 
Buyback would be as follows:  
 
Parameters  Post -Buyback(1) 
Authorised Share Capital   
4,54,29,93,820 Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each  ₹ 4,54,29,93,820  
2,12,10,000 preference shares of ₹ 100/ - each  ₹ 2,12,10,00,000  
Total  ₹ 6,66,39,93,820  
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
57,53,77,895 Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each  ₹ 57,53,77,895 
Total  ₹ 57,53,77,895 
Note : (1) Post-Buyback  issued, subscribed and paid -up capital may differ depending upon the 
actual number of Equity Shares bought back.  
 
13.3 As on the date of this Letter of Offer, the Equity Shares are fully paid up and there are no 
partly paid -up equity shares . 
 
13.4 As on the date  of this Letter of Offer, there are no convertible debentures or preference shares 
or any other convertible instruments of the Company.  
 
13.5 The details of buyback programs undertaken by the Company in the last 3 (three) years  are as 
set out below:  
 
Opening Date  Closing Date  Method of Buyback  Equity Shares bought 
back  
August 5, 2024  August 9, 2024  Tender offer  51,36,986  
 
13.6 The shareholding pattern of the Company before the Buyback ( i.e., as on the Record Date) , 
and after  the Buyback (assuming full acceptance of 54,23,728 Equity Shares in the Buyback) , 
is as follows:   
  
 
35 Category of Shareholder  No. of Equity 
Shares pre-
Buyback  % to the 
existing 
equity share 
capital  No. of Equity 
Shares  post 
Buyback(1) % to the Post 
Buyback 
equity share 
capital  
Promoter & Promoter 
Group and persons acting 
in concert (A)  30,09,48,721 51.8 2 29,85,30,407  51.88  
Shareholding of non -
promoters (B)  27,98,52,902 48.18 
 
 
 
 
    27,68,47,488  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48.12  Foreign Investors (OCBs/ 
FIIs/ NRIs/ Non -residents/ 
Non -domestic companies)  9,06,24,695 15.60  
Indian Financial 
Institutions/ Banks/ 
Mutual Funds/ 
Government Companies  14,50,76,920  24.98  
Others (Individuals, Bodies 
Corporate, Employees, 
etc.)  4,41,51,287  7.60  
Total (A+B)  58,08,01,623 100.00  57,53,77,895  100.00  
Note : (1) Assuming the full Acceptance of 54,23,728 Equity Shares in the Buyback in 
accordance with the Buyback Entitlement for all Eligible Shareholders. However, the post -
Buyback shareholding pattern may differ depending upon the actual number of Equity Shares 
bought back.  
 
13.7 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of (a) the members of the Promoter & Promoter 
Group  and persons in control of the Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ 
trusts forming part of the Promoter & Promoter Group ; and (c) the directors (other than 
members of the Promoter & Promoter Group ) and key managerial personnel , as on the date 
of the Public Announcement, is as follows:  
 
13.7.1  Aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and 
persons in control of the Company in the Company:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Category  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Venkata Ramprasad Reddy 
Penaka  Promoter  1,78,33,646 3.07  
2.  K Nit hyananda Reddy  Promoter  2,53,59,572  4.37 
Total (A)  4,31,93,218 7.44 
3.  M Sivakumaran  Promoter Group  1,43,57,432 2.47  
4.  K Rajeshwari  Promoter Group  18,08,631 0.31  
5.  Suneela Rani Penaka  Promoter Group  1,28,799 0.02  
6.  Prasada Reddy Kambham  Promoter Group  2,98,373 0.05  
7.  K Suryaprakash Reddy  Promoter Group  7,380  0.00  
8.  M Sumanth Kumar Reddy  Promoter Group  15,85,214 0.27  
9.  Kirthi Reddy Kambam  Promoter Group  2,00,62,852 3.45 
10.  Kambam Spoorthi  Promoter Group  69,39,173 1.19  
11.  Penaka Neha Reddy  Promoter Group  Nil Nil 
12.  Trident Chemphar Limited  Promoter Group  7,82,241 0.13  
13.  Axis Clinicals Limited  Promoter Group  6,51,920 0.11  
 
36 14.  RPR Sons Advisors Private 
Limited, Suneela Rani Penaka 
(joint holding)  Promoter Group  19,45,61,357 33.5 0 
15.  Axis Clinicals Limited, Trident 
Chemphar  Limited, RPR Sons 
Advisors Private Limited 
(joint holding)  Promoter Group  1,65,72,131 2.85  
Total (B)  25,77,55,503 44.38 
Total (A+B)  30,09,48,721 51.8 2 
 
13.7.2  Aggregate shareholding of the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming 
part of the Promoter & Promoter Group  in the Company:  
 
Sr 
No Name of Company/ 
Trust forming part of 
the Promoter & 
Promoter Group  Name of the 
Director/ Trustee  No. of Equity 
Shares  % 
shareholding  
1. Axis Clinicals Limited  Jayachandra Reddy 
Atluri  29,000 0.01  
2. RPR Sons Advisors 
Private Limited  Venkata Ramprasad 
Reddy Penaka  1,78,33,646 3.07  
Suneela Rani Penaka  1,28,799 0.02  
 
13.7.3  Aggregate shareholding of the directors (other than the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group ) and key managerial personnel of the Company in the Company:   
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  % shareholding  
1. S. Subramanian  7,063 Negligible  
2. M. Madan Mohan Reddy  2,010  Negligible  
Total  9,073 Negligible  
 
13.8 No Equity Shares or other specified securities in the Company were either purchased or sold 
by (a) the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  and persons who are in control of the 
Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming part of the Promoter 
& Promoter Group  in the Company ; and (c) directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company , during the 6 (Six) months preceding the date of the Board Meeting , and during the 
12 (Twelve ) months preceding the date of the Public Announcement , except as follows:  
 
Name  Aggregate no. 
of Equity 
Shares 
allotted / 
transferred  Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
Equity 
Share ( ₹)* Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
Equity 
Share ( ₹) Date of 
minimum 
price  
Jayachandra 
Reddy Atluri  1,680  Sale 1,270 March 10 , 
2026 1,26 8 March 10 , 
2026 
* Excluding transaction costs such as brokerage, securities transaction tax  etc. 
 
13.9 Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders  up to their Entitlement including all members of the Promoter & 
 
37 Promoter Group  who have expressed their intention to participate, the aggregate 
shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group , post Buyback may increase 
to 51.88 % from 51.8 2%. 
 
13.10  There is no ongoing scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the 
provisions of the  Companies  Act, as on date .  
 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY   
 
14.1 The Company was incorporated on December 26 , 1986 as a private limited company under 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956  and converted into a public limited company with 
effect from April 30, 1992 . The registered office of the Company is presently situated at Plot 
No. 2, Maithrivihar, Behind Maitrivanam, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 . 
 
14.2 The Equity Shares were listed at BSE (scrip code: 524804 ) on April  06, 1995 , and NSE (symbol:  
AUROPHARMA ) on July 19, 2000 . The ISIN of the Equity Shares is INE406A01037 . 
 
14.3 The paid -up equity share capital of the Company for the year ended March 31, 202 5 was ₹ 
580.8 million and total free reserves for the year ended March 31, 202 5 was ₹ 202,917.9 
million, on a standalone basis and ₹ 305,224.6 million on a consolidated basis.  
 
14.4 History and Growth of Business:  
 
The Company manufactures and markets generic formulations, specialty formulations 
(branded drugs) and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) and has emerged as one of the 
prominent players in the global pharmaceutical landscape.  The Company’s corporate office is 
situated in Hyder abad and it has over 30 manufacturing facilities for its API and formulations 
business . 
 
14.5 Financial Growth:  
 
For the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the 
Company recorded, on a standalone basis, total income from continuing operations of ₹ 
112,614.2  million, ₹ 112,617.0  million and ₹ 89,009.2  million, respectively. The net profit after 
tax from continuing operations for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 
and March 31, 2023 was ₹ 17,467.9  million, ₹ 19,001.0  million and ₹ 12,421.7  million, 
respectively. For the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 
2023, the Company recorded, on a consolidated basis, total income of ₹ 323,455.8  million, ₹ 
295,592.5  million and ₹ 251,459.7  million respectively. The net profit after tax (attributable to 
owners of the Company before other comprehensive income) on a consolidated basis for the 
financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 was ₹ 34,858.8  
million, ₹ 31,729.7  million and ₹ 19,275.0  milli on, respectively. For further details on financial 
information about the Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 
and March 31, 2023, please refer to paragraph 15 ( Financial Information about the Company ) 
of this Letter of Offer.  
 
14.6 Following is the equity share capital history of the Company since inception : 
 
Date of 
allotment  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Issue Price 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Nature of 
Consideration  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
equity share 
capital ( ₹) Nature of Issue  
December  20 100.00  100.00  Cash  20 2,000  Subscription to MOA  
 
38 Date of 
allotment  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Issue Price 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Nature of 
Consideration  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
equity share 
capital ( ₹) Nature of Issue  
26, 1986  
November  
25, 1987  9,980  100.00  100.00  Cash  10,000  10,00,000  Preferential  issue to 
promoters  
March  
30, 1989  7,000  100.00  100.00  Cash  17,000  17,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
March  
31, 1990  5,750  100.00  100.00  Cash  22,750  22,75,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
November  
18, 1991  1,250  100.00  100.00  Cash  24,000  24,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
March  
30, 1992  5,500  100.00  100.00  Cash  29,500  29,50,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
April 30, 
1992  2,65,50 0 10.00  - Stock split  2,95,000  29,50,000  Stock split of ₹ 100/ - 
to ₹ 10/- 
May  
04, 1992  2,95,000  10.00  - NA 5,90,000  59,00,000  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 1: 1 
December  
31, 1992  15,000  10.00  10.00  Cash  6,05,000  60,50,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
March  
31, 1993  9,050  10.00  25.00  Cash  6,14,050  61,40,500  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
June  
08, 1993  12,28,100  10.00  - NA 18,42,150  1,84,21,500  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 2:1 
September  
30, 1993  7,000  10.00  30.00  Cash  18,49,150  1,84,91,500  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
October  
30, 1993  850 10.00  30.00  Cash  18,50,000  1,85,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
April  
26, 1994  72,500  10.00  30.00  Cash  19,22,500  1,92,25,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
April  
27, 1994  12,25,000  10.00  150.00  Cash  31,47,500  3,14,75,000  Preferential issue to 
non-promoters  
April  
30, 1994  2,500  10.00  30.00  Cash  31,50,000  3,15,00,000  Preferential issue to  a 
director  
November  
02, 1994  11,02,500  10.00  - NA 42,52,500  4,25,25,000  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 7:20 
March  
27, 1995  4,72,500  10.00  - Other than Cash  47,25,000  4,72,50,000  Allotment to the 
shareholders of 
Chaitanya Organics 
Private Limited 
pursuant to a scheme 
of amalgamation  
November  
27, 1998  47,25,000  10.00  - NA 94,50,000  9,45,00,000  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 1:1  
September  
10, 1999  5,51,000  10.00  490.00  Cash  1,00,01,000  10,00,10,000  Preferential issue to 
non-promoters  
April  
07, 2000  1,00,01,000  10.00  - NA 2,00,02,000  20,00,20,000  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 1:1  
July 
05, 2001  1,98,000  10.00  - Other than Cash  2,02,00,000  20,20,00,000  Allotment to 
shareholders of Sri 
Chakra Remedies 
Limited pursuant to a 
scheme of 
amalgamation  
March  
20, 2002  4,00,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,06,00,000  20,60,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
 
39 Date of 
allotment  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Issue Price 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Nature of 
Consideration  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
equity share 
capital ( ₹) Nature of Issue  
March  
27, 2002  70,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,06,70,000  20,67,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
April  
12, 2002  5,30,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,12,00,000  21,20,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
April  
14, 2002  10,00,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,22,00,000  22,20,00,000  Preferential issue to 
non-promoters  
September  
27, 2002  10,50,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,32,50,000  23,25,00,000  Preferential issue to 
non-promoters  
September  
04, 2003  9,50,000  10.00  226.00  Cash  2,42,00,000  24,20,00,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
October 
31, 2003  2,42,00,000  5.00  - NA 4,84,00,000  24,20,00,000  Stock split of ₹ 10/- to 
₹ 5/- 
February  
18, 2004  23,70,000  5.00  375.00  Cash  5,07,70,000  25,38,50,000  Preferential issue to 
non-promoters  
July 
15, 2005  10,00,000  5.00  375.00  Cash  5,17,70,000  25,88,50,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
August  
02, 2005  15,00,000  5.00  375.00  Cash  5,32,70,000  26,63,50,000  Preferential issue to 
promoters  
July 
31, 2006  24,661  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,32,94,661  26,64,73,305  Conversion of stock 
options  
December  
15, 2006  53,976  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,33,48,637  26,67,43,185  Conversion of stock 
options  
July 
11, 2007  3,74,046  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,37,22,683  26,86,13,415  Conversion of foreign 
currency convertible 
bonds (“ FCCB ”) 
July 
31, 2007  16,638  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,37,39,321  26,86,96,605  Conversion of stock 
options  
December  
10, 2007  25,947  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,37,65,268  26,88,26,340  Conversion of stock 
options  
November  
04, 2009  83,121  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,38,48,389  26,92,41,945  Conversion of FCCB  
December  
15, 2009  1,50,030  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,39,98,419  26,99,92,095  Conversion of stock 
options  
January  
06, 2010  11,42,920  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,51,41,339  27,57,06,695  Conversion of FCCB  
February  
01, 2010  50,869  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,51,92,208  27,59,61,040  Conversion of FCCB  
February  
24, 2010  1,33,491  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,53,25,699  27,66,28,495  Conversion of FCCB  
March  
12, 2010  4,03,138  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,57,28,837  27,86,44,185  Conversion of FCCB  
April  
20, 2010  3,32,485  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,60,61,322  28,03,06,610  Conversion of FCCB  
May  
18, 2010  2,25,592  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,62,86,914  28,14,34,570  Conversion of FCCB  
June  
08, 2010  1,66,243  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,64,53,157  28,22,65,785  Conversion of FCCB  
July 
19, 2010  27,007  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,64,80,164  28,24,00,820  Conversion of stock 
options  
July 
27, 2010  14,54,625  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,79,34,789  28,96,73,945  Conversion of FCCB  
August  
02, 2010  2,86,769  5.00  522.04  Cash  5,82,21,558  29,11,07,790  Conversion of FCCB  
 
40 Date of 
allotment  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Issue Price 
per Equity 
Share ( ₹) Nature of 
Consideration  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
equity share 
capital ( ₹) Nature of Issue  
December  
30, 2010  2,700  5.00  362.60  Cash  5,82,24,258  29,11,21,290  Conversion of stock 
options  
February 
11, 2011  23,28,97,032  1.00  - NA 29,11,21,290  29,11,21,290  Stock split of ₹ 5/- to 
₹ 1/- 
January  
09, 2013  90,000  1.00  91.60  Cash  29,12,11,290  29,12,11,290  Conversion of stock 
options  
January  
09, 2014  1,27,500  1.00  91.60  Cash  29,13,38,790  29,13,38,790  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
10, 2014  68,231  1.00  187.40  Cash  29,14,07,021  29,14,07,021  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
10, 2014  50,000  1.00  200.70  Cash  29,14,57,021  29,14,57,021  Conversion of stock 
options  
October  
07, 2014  7,700  1.00  187.40  Cash  29,14,64,721  29,14,64,721  Conversion of stock 
options  
January  
17, 2015  3,31,200  1.00  91.60  Cash  29,17,95,921  29,17,95,921  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
12, 2015  1,08,354  1.00  187.40  Cash  29,19,04,275  29,19,04,275  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
12, 2015  3,000  1.00  161.30  Cash  29,19,07,275  29,19,07,275  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
12, 2015  75,000  1.00  200.70  Cash  29,19,82,275  29,19,82,275  Conversion of stock 
options  
July 
22, 2015  29,19,82,275  1.00  - NA 58,39,64,550  58,39,64,550  Bonus issue in the 
ratio of 1:1  
January  
19, 2016  8,55,000  1.00  45.80  Cash  58,48,19,550  58,48,19,550  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
09, 2016  3,50,036  1.00  93.70  Cash  58,51,69,586  58,51,69,586  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
09, 2017  6,97,823  1.00  93.70  Cash  58,58,67,409  58,58,67,409  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
30, 2017  15,000  1.00  80.65 Cash  58,58,82,409  58,58,82,409  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
28, 2018  17,200  1.00  93.70  Cash  58,58,99,609  58,58,99,609  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
28, 2018  8,000  1.00  80.65  Cash  58,59,07,609  58,59,07,609  Conversion of stock 
options  
March  
27, 2019  8,000  1.00  80.65  Cash  58,59,15,609  58,59,15,609  Conversion of stock 
options  
August  
07, 2019  23,000  1.00  80.65  Cash  58,59,38,609  58,59,38,609  Conversion of stock 
options  
August 19, 
2024  (51,36,986 ) 1.00  1,460 .00 Cash  58,08,01,623  58,08,01,623  Buyback of shares  
 
14.7 The details of the Board of Directors of the Company as on the date of Public Announcement 
is as follows:  
 
 
41 Name, Occupation, 
Age and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
Mangalam 
Ramasubramanian 
Kumar   
Occupation : Retired 
from Life Insurance 
Corporation of India  
Age: 64 years  
DIN: 03628755  Chairman & 
Independent Director  Science graduate from 
University of Madras  April 01, 2024  1. Bank of India  
2. Aurobindo Pharma 
USA Inc  
3. Cholamandalam 
Investment and 
Finance Company 
Limited  
K Nithyananda Reddy  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 68 years  
DIN: 01284195   Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director  Postgraduate in Science  December 26, 
1986  1. Raidurgam  
Developers Limited  
2. APL Healthcare 
Limited  
3. Pattancheru 
Envirotech Ltd.  
4. Apitoria Pharma 
Private Limited  
5. Aurobindo Pharma 
Foundation  
6. Aurobindo Antibiotics 
Private Limited  
7. Lyfius Pharma Private 
Limited  
8. Qule Pharma Private 
Limited  
9. All Pharma (Shanghai) 
Trading Co Ltd, China  
Mettu Madan Mohan 
Reddy  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 66 years  
DIN: 0128 4266 Whole -time Director  Postgraduate in Science  September 18, 
2006  
 1. Eugia Pharma 
Specialities Limited  
2. Aurozest Private 
Limited  
3. Eugia  Sez Private 
Limited  
4. Curateq Biologics 
Private Limited  
5. Eugia Steriles Private 
Limited  
6. Auro Vaccines Private 
Limited  
7. Theranym Biologics 
Private Limited  
8. Aurobindo Pharma 
USA Inc  
9. MMR Family Advisors 
Private Limited  
10. Engenra Biologics 
Private Limited  
 
42 Name, Occupation, 
Age and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
Venkata Ramprasad 
Reddy  Penaka  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 68 years  
DIN: 01284132  Non -executive 
Director  Postgraduate in 
Commerce  December 26, 
1986  1. Penaka Pharma 
(India) Private Limited  
2. RPR Sons Advisors 
Private Limited  
3. Aurovida 
Farmaceuticos SA 
Mexico  
4. Aurobindo Pharma 
USA Inc  
Penaka Sarath  
Chandra  
Reddy  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 41 years  
DIN: 01628013  Non -executive 
Director  Graduate in Business 
Administration  September 27, 
2007  1. PVR Chemphar Pvt. 
Ltd 
2. STEPS Therapeutics 
Co. Ltd., Thailand,  
3. Shreas Industries 
Limited  
4. Aurobindo Pharma 
Foundation  
5. Auro Property 
Management Services 
Limited  
Punita Kumar Sinha  
Occupation:  
Professional  
Age: 63 years  
DIN: 05229262  Independent Director  PhD and Masters ’ in 
Finance  from the 
Wharton School, 
University of 
Pennsylvania, CFA 
charterholder, and a 
degree in Chemical 
Engineering from IIT 
Delhi  February 09, 
2026  1. Classic Legends 
Private Limited   
2. One Mobikwik 
Systems Limited   
3. Embassy Office Parks 
Management Services 
Private Limited   
4. Paradigmarq Advisors 
Private Limited   
5. Tata Asset 
Management Private 
Limited   
6. Tata Capital Limited   
7. Aadhar Housing 
Finance Limited   
8. Ventive Hospitality 
Limited   
9. Marelli Holdings 
Company Ltd, Japan   
10. The Asia 
Opportunities 
Offshore Fund, 
Cayman Islands   
11. The Asia 
Opportunities 
Offshore Master 
Fund, Cayman Islands   
 
43 Name, Occupation, 
Age and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
Girish Paman Vanvari  
Occupation : 
Consultant / 
Professional  
Age: 54 years  
DIN: 07376482   Independent Director  Chartered Accountant  November 05, 
2020  1. Menon And Menon 
Limited  
2. Rategain Travel 
Technologies Limited  
3. Kolte -Patil Developers 
Limited  
4. Himadri Speciality 
Chemical Limited  
5. Blue Jet Healthcare 
Limited  
6. Rungta Greentech 
Limited  
7. CMR Green 
Technologies Limited  
8. Suzlon Energy Limited  
9. Garware Fulflex India 
Private Limited  
Santanu Mukherjee   
Occupation : Retired 
from banking sector  
Age: 69 years  
DIN: 07716452  Independent Director  B.Sc. Honors (Chemistry 
and Mathematics) from 
Presidency College 
under Kolkata University 
and CAIIB from the 
Indian Institute of 
Bankers.  February 09, 
2023  1. Suven Life Sciences 
Limited  
2. Rainbow Children's 
Medicare Limited  
3. Muthoot Housing 
Finance Company 
Limited  
4. Sumedha Fiscal 
Services Ltd  
5. Rainbow Speciality 
Hospitals Private 
Limited  
6. Apitoria Pharma 
Private Limited  
7. Pratiksha Women & 
Child Care Hospital 
Private Limited  
Dr. Satakarni 
Makkapati   
Occupation : Private 
Service  
Age: 45 years  
DIN: 09377266  Non -executive 
Director  Masters ’ in business 
administration  (MBA) 
from the IMD Business 
School at Lausanne 
(Switzerland),  
Doctor of Philosophy 
(PhD) in faculty of 
Physical Sciences and 
Engineering from the 
Russell Group at the 
University of 
Manchester (UK) and a November 09, 
2023  1. Theranym Biologics 
Private Limited  
2. Apitoria Pharma 
Private Limited  
3. Auro Peptides Limited  
4. Auro Vaccines Private 
Limited  
5. Engenra Biologics 
Private Limited  
 
44 Name, Occupation, 
Age and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
bachelor’s degree in 
chemical engineering  
 
14.8 The details of changes in Board of Directors during the last 3 (three) years preceding  the date 
of the Public Announcement  are as under:  
 
Sr 
No Name  Appointment / Re-
appointment/ 
Resignation/ 
Cessation  Effective 
Date  Reason  
1.  Punita Kumar Sinha  Appointment  February 9, 
2026  Appointed as Independent Director of 
the Company not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a period of 3 (three) 
consecutive years.  
2.  Deepali Pant Joshi  Cessation  February 10, 
2026  Ceased to be Independent Director 
upon completion of her term.  
3.  P. Sarath Chandra 
Reddy  Appointment  September 
10, 2025  Retired by rotation and, being eligible, 
was re -appointed as non -executive 
director liable to retire by rotation.  
4.  Satakarni Makkapati  Appointment  September 
10, 2025  Retired by rotation and, being eligible, 
was re -appointed as non -executive 
director liable to retire by rotation  
5.  Santanu Mukherjee  Re-appointment  February 9, 
2025  Reappointed as Independent Director 
of the Company for a second term of 5 
(five) consecutive years.  
6.  K. Nithyananda Reddy  Appointment  August 29, 
2024  Retired by rotation and,  being eligible, 
was re -appointed as non -executive 
director liable to retire by rotation  
7.  Mettu Madan Mohan 
Reddy  Appointment  August 29, 
2024  Retired by rotation and, being eligible, 
was re -appointed as non -executive 
director liable to retire by rotation  
8.  K. Nithyananda Reddy  Re-appointment  June 01, 
2024  Re-appointed as Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director of the Company for 
a period of 3 (three) consecutive years.  
9.  Mettu Madan Mohan 
Reddy  Re-appointment  June 01, 
2024  Re-appointed as whole -time director of 
the Company for a period of 3 (three) 
consecutive years.  
10.  P.V. Ramprasad Reddy  Re-appointment  August 29, 
2024  Approved to continue as a non -
executive director not liable to retire by 
rotation subject to approval of the 
members at least once in every five 
years.  
11.  Savita Mahajann  Cessation  December 
16, 2024  Ceased to be Independent Director 
upon completion of her term.  
12.  Mangalam 
Ramasubramanian 
Kumar  Appointment  April 01, 
2024  Appointed as Independent Director of 
the Company not liable to retire by 
 
45 Sr 
No Name  Appointment / Re-
appointment/ 
Resignation/ 
Cessation  Effective 
Date  Reason  
rotation, for a period of 3 (three) 
consecutive years.  
13.  K. Ragunathan  Cessation  April 01, 
2024  Ceased to be Independent Director 
upon completion of his term.  
14.  Dr. Avnit  Bimal Singh  Resignation  February 11, 
2024  Resigned as Independent Director.  
15.  Deepali Pant Joshi  Appointment  February 10, 
2024  Appointed as Independent Director of 
the Company not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a period of 2 (two) 
consecutive years.  
16.  Satakarni Makkapati  Appointment  November 
09, 2023  Appointed as non -executive and non -
independent Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation.  
17.  M. Sivakumaran  Resignation  August 25, 
2023  Resigned as director and whole -time 
director of the Company.  
18.  Sarath Chandra Reddy 
Penaka  Re-appointment  August 25, 
2023  Retired by rotation and, being eligible, 
was re -appointed as non -executive 
director liable to retire by rotation.  
19.  Santanu Mukherjee  Appointment  February 9, 
2023  Appointed as Independent Director of 
the Company for a period of 2 (two) 
consecutive years.  
 
14.9 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group , 
persons in control of the Company or any Directors of the Company except to the extent of 
the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective 
participation in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the Company, and the 
change in their shareholding  as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback . 
 
14.10  No action has been taken by SEBI in the past against the members of the Promoter & Promoter 
Group  or Directors of the Company , except as set out below:  
 
Pursuant to SEBI’s adjudication order dated September 23, 2019 (bearing reference no. 
Order/MC/VS/2019 -20/4550 -4556), certain members of the Promoter & Promoter Group of 
the Company (namely, Trident Chemphar Limited, Venkata Ramprasad Reddy Penaka, 
Suneela Rani Penaka and Prasada Reddy Kambham, toge ther the “ Concerned Promoters ”) 
had settled certain alleged non -compliances of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 1992 and SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, pursuant to 
SEBI’s settlement order dated May 6, 2020 (bearing reference no. SO/EFD -
2/SD/346/MAY/2020) and in accordance with the SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 
2018 , as amended . However, vide an email dated October 23, 2020, SEBI informed the 
Concerned Promoters that there were some calculation errors in the settlement amounts (on 
account of the component of disgorgement (along with interest) being inadvertently omitted 
from the settlement terms ) and asked the Concerned Promoters to make good the balance 
amounts. In this regard, the Concerned Promoters filed a writ petition before Hon’ble High 
Court of Telangana, at Hyderabad . The Hon’ble High Court vide its order dated November 18, 
 
46 2020 had granted interim relief to the Concerned Promoters by way of suspension of the SEBI 
direction dated October 23, 2020, subject to deposit of ₹ 1.75 Crore with SEBI. Accordingly, 
the said amount was deposited by the Concerned Promoters and the matter  is presently 
pending for disposal before Hon’ble High Court of Telangana, at Hyderabad.  
 
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  
 
15.1 The brief audited financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited 
standalone results for the financial years ended March 31, 202 5, March 31, 202 4 and March 
31, 202 3 (based on the financial statements presented in financial year 2023 -2024 restating 
the March 31, 2023 numbers) and limited reviewed unaudited  standalone  financial results for 
the nine months period end ed December 31, 2025,  are provided below:  
(Amount in ₹ Million)   
Particulars  Unaudited  Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended December 
31, 2025  For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2025 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
20241 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
20231 
Revenue from Operations  83,851.7  109,333 .0 106,456.4  84,570.0  
Other Income  3,734.4  3,281.2  6,160.6  4,439.2  
Total Income  87,586.1  112,614.2  112,617.0  89,009.2  
Total expenses (excluding 
Interest, Depreciation and 
Exceptional items ) 60,746.5  83,757.3  84,216.0  69,520.9  
Finance costs  1,658.8  2,300.4  1,826.0  745.8  
Depreciation & Amortisation  2,134.3  2,972.0  2,545.8  2,432 .6 
Exceptional Items  173.8  - - - 
Profit Before Tax  22,872.7  23,584.5  24,029.2  16,309.9  
Tax Expenses (including 
Deferred Tax)  5,647.0  6,116.6  5,028 .2 3,888.2  
Net Profit After Tax from 
continuing operations  17,225.7  17,467.9  19,001.0  12,421.7  
Other Comprehensive Income  (25.4)  (52.6)  (16.9)  58.7  
Total comprehensive income for 
the period from continuing 
operations  17,200.3  17,415.3  18,984.1  12,480.4  
Net Profit from discontinued 
operations (net of tax)2   540.4  (150.6)  
Total comprehensive income for 
the period  17,200.3  17,415.3  19,524.5  12,329.8  
Notes: 
(1) The composite scheme of amalgamation under Sections 230 -232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 for amalgamation of Mviyes Pharma Ventures Private limited (“ Mviyes ”) and Auronext Pharma Private limited 
(“Auronext ”) (together referred to as “ Amalgamating Companies ”) with the Company (“the Scheme ”) was sanctioned 
by Hon'ble National Company law Tribunal (NCLT) Hyderabad bench vide order dated April 29, 2024. The Scheme has 
become effective on May 17, 2024 upon filing of the certified co py of the orders passed by NCLT with the relevant 
Registrar of Companies. In terms of the Scheme, all the assets, liabilities, reserves and surplus of the Amalgamating 
Companies have been transferred to and vested in the Company. The amalgamation has been accounted under the 
'pooling of interests' method in accordance with Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard ('Ind AS') 103 'Business 
Combinations' at the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the Amalgamating Companies as included in the 
financ ial statements of the respective Amalgamating Company. Accordingly, FY23 financials have been restated to give 
effect of the amalgamation from the beginning of the year . 
 
47 (2) The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on February 9, 2023 and April 1, 2023 approved the transfer 
of certain Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) business units to its wholly owned subsidiary, Apitoria Pharma Private 
Limited (formerl y known as Auro Pharma India Private limited) on a going concern basis by way of slump sale, subject 
to receipt of requisite regulatory approvals. Consequent to receipt of such approvals, the Company transferred the 
aforementioned API units to Apitoria Pha rma Private Limited with effect from October 1, 2023. Accordingly, disclosures 
as required under Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 105 "Non -Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations", in the standalone financial results for FY2024 and FY20 23 have  been  suitably presented.   
(Amount in ₹ Million) 
Particulars  Unaudited  Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended December 
31, 2025  As at  
March 31, 
2025 As at  
March 31, 
2024 As at  
March 31, 
2023 
Equity Share capital  580.8  580.8 585.9  585.9  
Other Equity  NA 202,917.9  194,805.0  177,917.1  
Net Worth  NA 203,498.7  195,390.9  178,503.0  
Debt, excluding working capital 
loans  NA 11,700.0  - - 
Total Debt  NA 46,250.9  28,178.4  41,425.7  
- Secured loans  NA 18,424.1  14,319.9  19,227.8  
- Unsecured loans  NA 27,826.8  13,858.5  22,197.9  
 
(Amount in ₹, except certain ratios)  
Key Ratios  Unaudited  Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended 
December 31, 
2025  For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2025 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2024 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2023 
Basic and Diluted earnings per 
share from Continuing 
operations  29.66* 29.97  32.43  21.20  
Basic and Diluted earnings per 
share from Total operations  29.66* 29.97  33.35  20.94  
Book value (₹ per share)  NA 350.38  333.47  304.64  
Total Debt Equity Ratio  NA 0.23  0.14  0.23  
Return on Net Worth (in %)  NA 8.58%  10.00%  6.87%  
*not annuali sed 
 
The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per share  PAT / weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding  
Diluted Earnings per share  PAT / weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding  
Book value per share  Net worth / Total number of outstanding shares  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt1 / Net worth  
Return on Net Worth excluding 
revaluation reserves (%)  Profit After Tax (PAT) / Net worth  
Net Worth  Paid -up equity share capital + securit ies premium + 
general reserve + retained earnings of the Company  
 
48 Other Equity  Securities premium + general reserve + retained 
earnings of the Company  
Notes :  
(1) Total Debt = Current Borrowings + Non -Current Borrowings + Current Portion of Non -current borrowings  
 
15.2 The brief audited financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited 
consolidated results for the financial years ended March 31, 202 5, March 31, 202 4 and March 
31, 202 3 and limited reviewed unaudited consolidated financial results for the nine months 
period end ed December 31, 2025 are provided below:  
(Amount in ₹ Million)   
Particulars  Unaudited  Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended December 
31, 2025  For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2025 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2024 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2023 
Revenue from operations  247,997.4  317,237.3  290,018.7  248,553.8  
Other Income  4,131.4  6,218.5  5,573.8  2,905.9  
Total Income  252,128.8  323,455.8  295,592.5  251,459.7  
Total Expenses (excluding 
Interest, Depreciation and 
Exceptional items)  197,448.8  251,409.4  231,588.7  211,367.4  
Finance costs  2,857.6  4,572.4  2,897.1  1404.8  
Depreciation & Amortisation  12,996.2  16,494.2  15,216.6  12,445.8  
Profit Before Exceptional Items 
and Tax  (Before share of profit 
from joint ventures)  38,826.2  50,979.8  45,890.1  26,241.7  
Exceptional Items  653.3  0.0 1,918.6  - 
Profit Before Tax  (Before share 
of profit from joint ventures)  38,172.9  50,979.8  43,971.5  26,241.7  
Tax Expenses (including 
Deferred Tax)  12,391.1  15,827.2  12,110.2  6,848.5  
Profit After Tax (before share of 
profit from joint ventures)  25,781.8  35,152.6  31,861.3  19,393.2  
Share of profit of Joint Ventures 
(Net of tax)  39.5  (316.9 ) (171.6 ) (116.7 ) 
Profit After Tax from continuing 
operations  25,821.3  34,835.7  31,689.7  19,276.5  
Profit from discontinued 
operations (Net of tax)  - - - - 
Profit for the year including non -
controlling interest  25,821.3  34,835.7  31,689.7  19,276.5  
Other Comprehensive Income  11,746.4  3,036 .2 991.6  7,355 .8 
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the period  37,567.7  37,871.9  32,681.3  26,632.3  
Profit attributable to      
- Owners of the Company  25,834.9  34,858.8  31,729.7  19,275.0  
- Non -Controlling  Interest  (13.6)  (23.1)  (40.0)  1.5 
Total Comprehensive income 
attributable to      
- Owners of the Company  37,581.2  37,895.1  32,721.3  26,630.8  
- Non -Controlling Interest  (13.5)  (23.2)  (40.0)  1.5 
 
49 (Amount in ₹ Million)  
Particulars  Unaudited   Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended December 
31, 2025  As at  
March 31, 
2025 As at  
March 31, 
2024 As at  
March 31, 
2023 
Equity Share capital  580.8  580.8 585.9  585.9  
Other Equity  NA 305,224.6  280,324.7  251,414.6  
Net Worth  NA 305,805.4  280,910.6  252,000. 5 
Debt, excluding working capital 
loans  NA 26,319.6  22,371.0  6,968.0  
Total Debt  NA 79,416.8  63,152.2  48,615.2  
- Secured loans  NA 38,272.0  39,683.7  25,573.7  
- Unsecured loans  NA 41,144.8  23,468.5  23,041.5  
 
(Amount in ₹, except certain ratios)  
Key Ratios  Unaudited  Audited  
For the nine 
months period 
ended 
December 31, 
2025  For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2025 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2024 For the year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2023 
Basic earnings per share  44.48* 59.81  54.16  32.90  
Diluted earnings per share  44.48* 59.81  54.16  32.90  
Book value (₹ per share)  NA 526.52  479.42  430.08  
Total Debt Equity Ratio  NA 0.26  0.22  0.19  
Return on Net Worth (in %)  NA 11.40%  11.28%  7.65%  
*not annualised  
 
The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per share  PAT / weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding  
Diluted Earnings per share  PAT / weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding  
Book value per share  Net worth / Total number of outstanding shares  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt1 / Net worth  
Return on Net Worth excluding 
revaluation reserves (%)  Profit After Tax (PAT) / Net worth  
Net Worth  Paid -up equity share capital + securit ies premium + 
general reserve + retained earnings of the Company  
Other Equity  Securities premium + general reserve + retained 
earnings of the Company  
Notes :  
(1) Total Debt = Current Borrowings + Non -Current Borrowings + Current Portion of Non -current borrowings  
 
15.3 The Company shall comply with the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended, wherever and if applicable. The Company hereby declares 
that it has complied with and will comply with Sections 68, 69 and 70 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, as may be applicable to the Buyback.  
 
50 16. STOCK MARKET DATA  
 
16.1 The Shares of the Company are listed on  BSE and NSE. The Equity Shares are currently traded 
under the scrip code 524804 at BSE and trading code AUROPHARMA  at NSE.  
 
16.2 The high, low and average market prices in preceding 3 ( Three ) financial years and the monthly 
high, low and average market prices for the 6 (Six) months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement, and the corresponding volumes on BSE and NSE are given below : 
 
BSE: 
Period  High# (₹) Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity Shares 
traded on 
that date  Low# (₹) Date of Low  Number of 
Equity Shares 
on that date  Average 
Price* ( ₹) Total volume traded  
of Equity Shares  in 
the period  (number 
of Equity Shares)  
Preceding 3 (three) Years  
April 1, 2025 
to March 31, 
2026  1,330.9  March 27, 
2026  48,321 994.35  April 07, 
2025  64,927 1,157.67  14,348,364 
April 1, 2024  
to March 31, 
2025  1,592.55  September 
13, 2024  69,272 1,030.65  March 04, 
2025  11,107 1,283.58  8,140,071 
April 1, 2023  
to March 31, 
2024  1,177 January 
30, 2024  32,287 517 April 03, 
2023  40,868 873.07  22,759,027 
Preceding 6 (six) month s 
March 1, 2026 
to March 31, 
2026  1,330.9  March 27, 
2026  48,321  1,180  March 04, 
2026  23,141  1,272.16  1,894,953 
February 1, 
2026 to 
February 28, 
2026  1,250.85  February 
26, 2026  222,816  1,106.25  February 
10, 2026  270,367  1,179.45  2,618,256 
January 1, 
2026 to 
January 31, 
2026  1,270.4  January 07, 
2026  78,303  1,115.8  January 21, 
2026  10,828  1,176.03  1,162,597 
December 1, 
2025 to 
December 31, 
2025  1,240  December 
19, 2025  31,605  1,157.05  December 
09, 2025  61,66  1,198.88  466,888 
November 1, 
2025 to 
November 30, 
2025  1,249.9  November 
18, 2025  33,935  1,120.2  November 
07, 2025  15,778  1,196.16  703,602 
October 1, 
2025 to 
October 31, 
2025  1,156  October 
31, 2025  228,796  1,066  October 08, 
2025  13,434  1,104.57  916,504 
Source:  www. bseindia.com  
*Arithmetical average of closing prices ; #High and low are based on high and low of daily high and daily low prices respectively . 
  
 
51 NSE: 
Period  High# (₹) Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity Shares 
traded on 
that date  Low# (₹) Date of Low  Number of 
Equity Shares 
on that date  Average 
Price* (₹)  Total volume traded 
of Equity Shares in 
the period (number 
of Equity Shares)  
Preceding 3 (three) Years  
April 1, 2025 
to March 31, 
2026  1,330  March 25, 
2026  1,891,714 1,010  April 07, 
2025  2,733,813 1,157.68  336,741,968 
April 1, 2024  
to March 31, 
2025  1,592  September 
13, 2024  1,185,312 1,031.05  March 04, 
2025  730,626 1,283.69  312,321,123 
April 1, 2023  
to March 31, 
2024  1,177.10  January 
30, 2024  1,317,033 516.45  April 03, 
2023  2,011,656 873.18  534,071,445 
Preceding 6 (six) months  
March 1, 2026 
to March 31, 
2026  1,330  March 25, 
2026  1,891,714 1,179.80  March 04, 
2026  909,693 1,272.09  29,969,946 
February 1, 
2026 to 
February 28, 
2026  1,250.90  February 
26, 2026  2,372,711 1,106  February 
10, 2026  8,584,671 1,179.10  45,889,763 
January 1, 
2026 to 
January 31, 
2026  1,270.80  January 07, 
2026  2,361,570 1,116.20  January 27, 
2026  656,428 1,175.87  23,761,983 
December 1, 
2025 to 
December 31, 
2025  1,240.70  December 
19, 2025  1,396,499 1,160.50  December 
09, 2025  585,926 1,199.24  15,459,233 
November 1, 
2025 to 
November 30, 
2025  1,249.90  November 
18, 2025  1,827,771 1,120  November 
07, 2025  363,582 1,196.26  25,010,542 
October 1, 
2025 to 
October 31, 
2025  1,155.80  October 
31, 2025  3,557,298 1,066.80  October 08, 
2025  549,749 1,104.57  27,031,830 
Source:  www. nseindia.com  
*Arithmetical average of closing prices ; #High and low are based on high and low of daily high and daily low prices respectively  
 
16.3 The notice of the Board Meeting convened to consider the proposal of the Buyback was given 
to BSE and NSE  on Tues day, March 31 , 202 6, i.e. the Intimation Date . The Board, at its meeting 
held on Mon day, April 6 , 202 6, approved the proposal for the Buyback at ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees 
One Thousand Four Hundred and S eventy Five  only) per Equity S hare and the intimation was 
sent to BSE and NSE  on the same day. The closing market price of the Equity Shares on  BSE 
and NSE  during this period, are summarized below:  
 
Event  Date  BSE (₹) NSE (₹) 
1 (one) trading day prior to the Intimation 
Date  March 30 , 202 6 1,303.20  1,304.40 
1 (one) trading day post the Intimation Date  April 1 , 2026 1,342.10  1,342.10 
 
 
52 1 (one) trading day prior to the Board 
Meeting  April 2 , 2026 1,335.95  1,333.70  
Date of the Board Meeting  April 6 , 202 6 1,33 9.80  1,340.40  
1 (one) trading day post the Board Meeting  April 7 , 202 6 1,329.60 1,330. 00 
Date of Public Announcement  April 7 , 2026 1,329.60 1,330. 00 
Date of publication of the Public 
Announcement  April 8 , 202 6 1,335.10 1,335.70 
1 (one) trading day post the publication of 
the Public Announcement  April 9 , 202 6 1,339.50  1,340.40  
Source:  www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com   
 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  
 
17.1 The Board , at its meeting held on Mon day, April 6 , 202 6, approved the proposal for the 
Buyback. The Buyback will be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required under 
the applicable laws including from SEBI and/ or BSE or NSE, and the Buyback from Non -
Resident Shareholders, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable categories 
will be subject to such approvals of the RBI, if any, under FEMA and/or such other applicable 
rules and regulations in force for the time being.  
 
17.2 The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such Eligible Shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
Eligible Shareholder shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such  statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approval from the RBI, if any) as may be required 
by them in order to sell their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An 
Eligible Shareholder would be required to provide  copies of all such consents and approvals 
obtained by them to the Registrar to the Buyback. The Buyback of Equity Shares from Non -
Resident Shareholders  will be subject to approvals, if any, of the appropriate authorities, 
including RBI under FEMA, as applicable. It is the obligation of such Non -Resident 
Shareholders, to obtain such approvals and submit such approvals along with the Tender 
Form, so as to enable them to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback and for the Company to 
purchase such Equity Shares, t endered. The Company will have the right to make payment to 
the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and not accept 
Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom prior RBI approval is required 
in the event copies of such approvals are not submitted.  
 
17.3 By participating in the Buyback, the Non -Resident Shareholders give the Company the 
authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all applications to file 
regulatory reporting(s), if required, and such Non -Resident Shareholders underta ke to provide 
assistance to the Company for such regulatory reporting, if required by the Company  
 
17.4 As of date, there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the 
Buyback, other than that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes 
applicable subsequently, the Buyback Offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approval(s). In the event of any delay in receipt of any statutory / regulatory approvals, 
changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback Offer, if any, shall be intimated to the Stock 
Exchanges .  
  
 
53 18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
18.1 Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback can send the 
Tender Form by registered post/ speed post or hand deliver the same, along with the TRS 
generated by the exchange bidding system along with all relevant documents by s uper -
scribing the envelope as “Aurobindo Pharma  Limited Buyback Offer 202 6”, to the Registrar 
to the Buyback at its office set out below, so that the same are received on or before the 
Buyback Closing Date i.e. , Wednes day, April 2 9, 2026 by 5 :00 pm (IST) . 
 
 KFin Technologies Limited  
Address : Selenium, Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli, 
Financial District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500032  
Tel. no. : +91 40 6716 2222; Tollfree no. : 18003094001 ; Fax 
no.: +91 40 6716 1563;  
Contact person : M Murali Krishna  
Toll Free number : 18003094001  
Email : aurobindo.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Website : www.kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221   
Validity : Permanent  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
 
18.2 In case of any query, the Shareholders may contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday 
to Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm  (IST)  on all working days except public holidays 
at the above -mentioned address . 
 
18.3 For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat erialised  form, the Tender Form 
and TRS are not required to be submitted to the Company, Manager or the Registrar. After 
the confirmation of lien marked in demat account of the Eligible Shareholders to the Clearing 
Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid for buyback shall be 
deemed to have been accepted for Eligible Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in 
demat erialised  form . 
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND 
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE COMPANY OR TO THE 
MANAGER  TO THE BUYBACK.  
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO ENSURE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND 
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS ARE COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECTS . OTHERWISE , THE SAME 
ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
19.1 The Company proposes to Buyback  up to 54,23,728 (Fifty Four  Lakh Twenty Three Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Twenty Eight only) Equity Shares, representing approximately 0.93% of 
the total number of outstanding Equity Shares of the Company as of March 31, 202 5 and 
December 31 , 202 5, from the Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate basis, through the 
Tender Offer route , at a price of ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy 
Five only)  per Equity Share, payable in cash for an aggregate amount up to ₹ 800,00,00,000 /- 

 
54 (Rupees Eight  Hundred Crore  only) , which constitutes 3.93% and 2.62% of the aggregate of 
the total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium) of the 
Company as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as at March 31, 202 5, respectively, and is within the statutory limit of 10% of the 
aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities 
premium) of the Company as per the audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at March 31 , 202 5 (i.e., the last audited financial statements 
available as on the date of Board Meeting recommending the proposal of the Buyback), under 
the Board  approval route as per Section 68  and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 5  and other applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations. Further, 
since the Equity Shares proposed to be bought back represents approximately 0.93% of the 
total number of  outstanding  Equity Shares of the Company as of March 31, 202 5 and 
December 31 , 202 5, the same is within the 25% limit as per the provisions of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 4(i) of the Buyback Regulations. The Buyback is in accordance with Article 
40(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company and Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and rules framed thereunder, including 
the Share Capital Rules, the Management Rules, the Listing Regulations to the e xtent 
applicable, Buyback Regulations read with SEBI Circulars, subject to such other approvals, 
permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject to any 
modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC , NSE, BSE and/ or 
other authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions 
and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, 
permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
19.2 The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in 
the Buyback and, accordingly, Eligible Shareholders may take their own decision after 
consulting their own advisors, as they may deem fit, regarding their participat ion in the 
Buyback.  
 
19.3 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  as on the 
date of the Public Announceme nt and the date of this Letter of Offer is  30,09,48,721 Equity 
Shares, which represents 51.8 2% of the existing equity share capital of the Company. In terms 
of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in the 
Buyback. In this regard, the members of the Promoter & Promoter Group  vide their letters 
dated Tues day, April 7 , 2026, have expressed their intention  to participate in the Buyback and 
tender up to the number of Equity Shares set out in the table below, or such lower number of 
Equity Shares as permitted under the applicable law:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Number  of Equity 
Shares held  Maximum number 
of Equity Shares 
intended to be 
tendered up to  
1.  Venkata Ramprasad Reddy Penaka  1,78,33,646  3,22,000  
2.  K Nit hyananda Reddy  2,53,59,572  4,58,000 
3.  M Sivakumaran  1,43,57,432 2,60,000 
4.  K Rajeshwari  18,08,631 33,000 
5.  Suneela Rani Penaka  1,28,799 3,000 
6.  Prasada Reddy Kambham  2,98,373 6,000 
7.  K Suryaprakash Reddy  7,380  Nil 
 
55 8.  M Sumanth Kumar Reddy  15,85,214  29,000  
9.  Kirthi Reddy Kambam  2,00,62,852 3,62,000  
10.  Kambam Spoorthi  69,39,173  1,26,000  
11.  Trident Chemphar  Limited  7,82,241 15,000 
12.  Axis Clinicals Limited  6,51,920 12,000 
13.  RPR Sons Advisors Private Limited, 
Suneela Rani Penaka (joint holding)  19,45,61,357 35,07,000 
 
14.  Axis Clinicals Limited, Trident Chemphar  
Limited, RPR Sons Advisors Private 
Limited (joint holding)  1,65,72,131 3,00,000 
 
Total   30,09,48,721 54,33,000 
 
19.4 Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up  to their Entitlement including the members of the Promoter & 
Promoter Group , the aggregate shareholding and the voting rights of the members of the 
Promoter & Promoter Group , may  increase  to 51.88 % post Buyback from the current pre 
Buyback shareholding of 51.8 2%, and the aggregate shareholding of the public Shareholders 
in the Company may decrease  to 48.12 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback 
shareholding of 48.18%. 
 
19.5 Record Date  and Ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement of each category   
 
19.5.1  As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Board has fixed  Friday, April 17 , 202 6 
as the Record Date for the purpose of determining the Entitlement and the names of 
the Eligible Shareholders, who are eligible to participate in the Buyback .  
 
19.5.2  The Equity Shares proposed to be bought back by the Company shall be divided into 
two categories : 
 
(i) Reserved category for Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”); and  
(ii) General category for other Eligible Shareholders  (“General Category ”). 
 
19.5.3  As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “ Small Shareholder ” 
is a shareholder of the Company who holds Equity Shares whose market value, on 
the basis of the closing price of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE having the highest 
trading volume as on the Record Date, is not more than ₹ 2,00,000/ - (Rupees Two 
Lakh only ). As on the Record Date, the closing price on NSE, having the highest 
trading volume, was ₹ 1,386.00 /- per Equity Share. Accordingly, all Eligible 
Shareholders holding not mo re than 144 Equity Shares as on the Record Date are 
classified as ‘Small Shareholders’ for the purpose of the Buyback.  
 
19.5.4  Based on the above definition, there are 2,22,775  Small Shareholders with aggregate 
shareholding of 70,90,045 Equity Shares, as on the Record Date, which constitutes 
1.22 % of the outstanding number of Equity Shares of the Company and 130.72 % of 
the maximum number of Equity Shares which are proposed to be bought back as 
part of this Buyback. 57,37,11,578 Equity Shares were held by the other Eligible 
Shareholders in the General Category as on the Record Date.  
 
19.5.5  In accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the 
Small Shareholders, will be higher of : 
 
 
56 (i) 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to 
Buyback i.e., 15% of 5 4,23,728  Equity Shares which works out to 8,13,560  
Equity Shares; or  
(ii) The number of Equity Shares to which the Small Shareholders are entitled, 
as per their shareholding as o n Record Date i.e., [( 70,90,045 / 58,08,01,623 ) 
X 54,23,728] which work s out to 66,210  Equity Shares . 
 
All the outstanding Equity Shares  have been taken into account  for computing the 
Entitlement.  
 
19.5.6  Based on the above analysis and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback 
Regulations, 8,13,560  Equity Shares have been reserved for the Small Shareholders 
(“Reserved Category ”) and accordingly, the General Category for all other Eligible 
Shareholders shall consist of  46,10,168  Equity Shares (“ General Category ”). 
 
19.6 Category wise Entitlement  Ratio of Buyback  
 
Based on the above, the Entitlement ratio of Buyback for both categories is decided as below:  
 
Category  Indicative Entitlement Ratio of Buyback*  
Reserved Category  7 Equity Shares out of every 61 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
General Category  2 Equity Share s out of every 249 Equity Shares held on the Record 
Date  
*The above Ratio of Buyback is approximate and providing indicative Buyback Entitlement. Any 
computation of entitled Equity Shares using the above Ratio of Buyback may provide a slightly different 
number due to rounding -off. The actual Buyback Entitlement for Reserved Category for Small 
Shareholders is 11.4746803440599%  and General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders is 
0.8035689319835% . 
 
19.7 Illustration of Entitlement Ratio  
 
19.7.1  For Small Shareholders – Eligible Shareholder holding 100 0 Equity Shares will 
receive an entitlement of 114 Equity Shares ( 11.4746803440599 % of 100 0 Equity 
shares held on the Record Date). The Company will accept 100% Equity Shares who 
have validly tendered their Equity Shares to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement 
or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less. Additional 
equi ty shares will be accepted based on proportionate basis as described in 
Paragraph 19 on page no. 53 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.7.2  For General Shareholders – Eligible Shareholder holding 1000 Equity Shares will 
receive an entitlement of 8 Equity shares ( 0.8035689319835 % of 1000 Equity shares 
held on the Record Date). The Company will accept 100% Equity Shares who have 
validly tendered their Equity Shares to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement or 
the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less. Additional equi ty 
shares will be accepted based on proportionate basis as described in Paragraph 19 
on page no. 53 of this L etter of Offer.  
 
19.8 Fractional Entitlements  
 
If the Entitlement under Buyback, after applying the above mentioned ratios to the Equity 
Shares held on Record Date, is not a round number (i.e., not in the multiple of 1 Equity Share) 
then the fractional Entitlement shall be ignored for computation of Bu yback Entitlement to 
tender Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer, for both categories of Eligible Shareholders.  
 
57  
On account of ignoring the fractional Entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 8 or less 
Equity Shares as on Record Date, will be dispatched a Tender Form with zero Entitlement. 
Such Small Shareholders are entitled to tender Additional Equity Shares as part of the Buyback 
Offer and will be given preference in the acceptance of one Equi ty Share, if such Small 
Shareholders have tendered Additional Equity Shares.  
 
19.9 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback by the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category in the 
following order of priority:  
 
19.9.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from  Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their 
Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever 
is less.  
 
19.9.2  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19. 9.1 above, in case, there are any 
Equity Shares left to be bought back from the Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category, the Small Shareholders who were entitled to tender zero Equity Shares 
(on account of fractional Entitlement), and have tendered Additional Equity Shares  
as part of the Buyback , shall be given preference and one Equity Share each from 
the Additional Equity Shares tendered by these Small Shareholders shall be bought 
back in the Reserved Category.  
 
19.9.3  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph s 19.9.1 and 19. 9.2 above , in case, 
there are any validly tendered unaccepted Equity Shares in the Reserved Category 
(“Reserved Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares left to be bought back 
in Reserved Category, the Reserved Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in 
a proportionate manner and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations, i.e. , valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be equal 
to the Reserved Category Additional Shares validly tendered by the Eligible 
Shareholder div ided by the total Reserved Category Additional Shares and 
multiplied by the total number of Equity Shares remaining to be bought back in 
Reserved Category. For the purpose of this calculation, the Reserved Category 
Additional Shares taken into account for such Small Shareholders, from whom one 
Equity Share has been Accepted in accordance with paragraph 19. 9.2 above , shall 
be reduced by one.  
 
19.9.4  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance , as described 
in paragraph 19. 9.3 above , will be made as follows:  
 
(i) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
58  
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  of this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.10  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will Accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback Offer by Eligible Shareholders (other than Small Shareholders) 
in the General Category in the following order of priority:  
 
19.10.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Eligible Shareholders in the General 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their 
Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.  
 
19.10.2  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19. 10.1 above , in case, there are any 
validly tendered unaccepted Equity Shares in the General Category (“General 
Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares left to be bought back in General 
Category, the General Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in a 
proportionate manner and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations, i.e. , valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be equal 
to the General Category Additional S hares validly tendered by the Eligible 
Shareholder divided by the total General Category Additional Shares and multiplied 
by the total number of Shares remaining to be bought back in General Category.  
 
19.10.3  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance , as described 
in paragraph 19. 10.2 above , will be made as follows:  
 
(i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  of this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.11  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between the two categories  
 
19.11.1  After Acceptances of Equity Shares , as mentioned in paragraph s 19.9 and 19. 10 
above , in case, there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in one category 
(“Partially Filled Category ”) and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered 
 
59 Equity Shares (“ Further Additional Shares ”) in the second category (“ Over 
Tendered Category ”), then the Further Additional Shares in the Over Tendered 
Category shall be Accepted in a proportionate manner i.e. , valid Acceptances per 
Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to Further Additional Shares validly tendered by 
the Eligible Shareholder in the Over Tendered Category divided by the total Further 
Additional Shares in the Over Tendered Category and multiplied by the total Shares 
left to be bought back in th e Partially Filled Category.  
 
19.11.2  If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category and the Over Tendered 
Category is the Reserved Category, then any Small Shareholder who has received a 
Tender Form with zero Buyback Entitlement and who has tendered Additional 
Equity Shares shall be eligible for priority Acceptance of one Equity Share before 
Acceptance in paragraph 19. 11.1 out of the Equity Shares left to be bought back in 
the Partially Filled Category provided no Acceptance could take place from such 
Shareholder in accordance with paragraph 19. 9 of this Letter of Offer . 
 
19.11.3  Adjustment for fraction results in case of proportionate Acceptance , as defined in 
paragraph s 19.11.1 and 19. 11.2 above : 
 
(i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  of this Letter of Offer . 
 
19.12  For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that, in accordance with the clauses above:  
 
19.12.1  Equity Shares Accepted  under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, shall be 
lower of the following:  
 
(i) the number of Equity Shares  tendered by the respective Eligible 
Shareholder ; and 
(ii) the number of Equity Shares  held by the respective Eligible Shareholder, as 
on the Record Date.  
 
19.12.2  Equity Shares  tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of 
Equity Shares  held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance . 
 
19.12.3  In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or 
otherwise, any person(s) authorized by the Board will have the authority to decide 
such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares 
 
60 or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the 
process described in paragraph 19  of this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.13  Clubbing of Entitlement  
 
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the 
same Eligible  Shareholders with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher 
Entitlement under the Small  Shareholder category, the Company proposes to club together 
the Equity Shares held by such Eligible  Shareholders with a common PAN for determining the 
category (Small Shareholder or General) and Entitlement  under the Buyback. In case of joint 
shareholding, the Company will club together the Equity Share s held in cases  where the 
sequence of the PANs of the joint Shareholders is identical and where the PANs of all joint  
Shareholders are not available, the Company will check the sequence of the names of the joint 
holders and club  together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the name of joint 
Shareholders is identical. In case of  Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form , where the sequence of PANs is identical and where the PANs of  all joint Shareholders 
are not available, the Compa ny will check the sequence of the names of the  joint holders and 
club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the sequence of the PANs and name  
of joint Shareholders are identical. The shareholding of institutional investors like mutual 
funds, pension  funds/trusts and insurance companies etc., with common PAN will not be 
clubbed together for determining the  category and will be considered separately, where these 
Equity Shares are held for different schemes and have  a different demat account 
nome nclature based on information prepared by the Registrar to the Buyback as per  the 
Shareholder records received from the Depositories. Further, the Equity Shares held under 
the category of  “clearing members” or “corporate body margin account” or “corporate body 
–broker” as per the beneficial  position data as on the Record Date , with common PAN, are not 
proposed to be clubbed together for determining  their Entitlement and will be considered 
separately, where these Equity Shares are assumed to be held on behalf  of clients.  
 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  
 
20.1 The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares either in physical and/or 
in dematerialized form  as on Record Date.  
 
20.2 The Company proposes to effect the Buyback through the Tender Offer route  through Stock 
Exchange Mechanism , on a proportionate basis. The Letter of Offer and Tender Form, 
outlining the terms of the Buyback as well as the detailed disclosures as specified in the 
Buyback Regulations, will be e-mailed to Eligible Shareholders.  The Eligible Shareholders who 
have registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company, shall be dispatched the 
Letter of Offer through electronic means.  
 
20.3 In case an Eligible Shareholder requests for a copy of this Letter of Offer in physical form, the 
same shall be provided by the Company. In case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and the 
Tender Form, please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph 20. 28 of this Letter of 
Offer.  
 
20.4 The Company will not accept any Equity Shares tendered  for Buyback which are under any 
restraint order of the court/ any other competent authority  for transfer/ sale and/ or title in 
respect of which is otherwise under dispute or where loss of share certificates has been 
notified to the Company and the duplicate share certificates have not been issued either due 
to such request being under process a s per the provisions of law or otherwise. The Company 
shall comply with Regulation 24(v) of the Buyback Regulations which states that the Company 
 
61 shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till the pendency 
of the lock -in or till such Equity Shares become transferable. The Company shall also not 
accept the Equity Shares offered for Buyback where the title to such Eq uity Shares is under 
dispute or otherwise not clear.  
 
20.5 Eligible Shareholders will have to transfer the Equity Shares from the same demat account in 
which they were holding the Equity Shares as on the Record Date and in case of multiple 
demat accounts, Eligible Shareholders are required to tender the applications separately from 
each demat account . In case of any changes in the demat account in which the Equity Shares 
were held as on Record Date, such Eligible Shareholders should provide sufficient proof of the 
same to the Registrar to the Buyback and such tende red Equity Shares may be accepted 
subject to appropriate verification and validation by the Registrar to the Buyback. The Board 
or Buyback Committee authorized by the Board will have the authority to decide such final 
allocation in case of non -receipt of sufficient proof by such Eligible Shareholder.  
 
For the Clearing Corporation to make a payout of more than ₹ 50,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty 
Crore only), a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) number of the Eligible Shareholder will have to be 
provided. Accordingly, an Eligible Shareholder who is tendering shares of value more than ₹ 
50,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty Crore only) will have to provide LEI number with the relevant 
supporting documents such as the LEI registration certificate to the Registrar through email 
at aurobindo.buyback 2026 @kfintech.com  latest by 5:00 p .m. (IST) on the Buyback Closing 
Date . 
 
20.6 As elaborated under paragraphs 19. 6 and 19. 7 above, the Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought as a part of the Buyback are divided into two categories: (a) Reserved Category for 
Small Shareholders and (b) the General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders. The 
Buyback Entitlement of Eligible Sha reholders in each category shall be calculated accordingly.  
 
20.7 Post Acceptance of the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of Buyback Entitlement, Equity 
Shares left to be bought as a part of the Buyback, if any, in one category shall first be accepted, 
in proportion to the Equity Shares tendered, over and above their Buyback Entitlement, by 
Eligible Shareholders in that category, and thereafter, from Eligible Shareholders who have 
tendered over and above their Buyback Entitlement, in the other category.  
 
20.8 All purchases pursuant to the Buyback will be paid for in ₹, including to holders of Equity 
Shares who are resident outside India. Payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders shall 
be made within 5 (Five) Working Days of the Buyback Closing Date as r equired under the 
Buyback Regulations. Accordingly, the Registrar to the Buyback will process the bids under the 
Buyback as promptly as practicable after the Buyback Closing Date, and the Company expects 
to start making payments for accepted bids as prompt ly as practicable and within 5 (Five) 
Working Days after the Buyback Closing Date.  
 
20.9 The participation of Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is voluntary. Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares of the Company may choose to participate, in full or in part, and get 
cash in lieu of shares to be accepted under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate  
and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post -Buyback, without 
additional investment . Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company may also 
accept a part of their Entitlement. Eligible Sharehold ers holding Equity Shares of the Company 
also have the option of tendering Additional Equity S hares (over and above their Entitlement) 
and participate in the shortfall created due to non -participation of some other Eligible 
Shareholders, if any. If the Buyback Entitlement for any Eligible Shareholder is not a round 
number, the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of entitlement to tender 
 
62 Equity Shares in the Buyback. The Acceptance of any Equity Shares tendered in excess of the 
Buyback Entitlement by the Eligible Shareholder shall be in terms of the procedure outlined 
herein.  In case any Eligible Shareholder or any person claiming to be an Eligible Shareholder 
cannot participate in the Buyback Offer for any reason, the Company, the Manager and 
Registrar to the Buyback and their officers shall not be liable in any manner for suc h non -
participation.  
 
20.10  The maximum number of Equity Shares that can be tendered under the Buyback by any 
Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible 
Shareholder as on the Record Date.  In case the Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Shares 
through multiple demat accounts, the tender through a demat account cannot exceed the 
number of Equity Shares held in that demat account.  
 
20.11  The Company shall accept all the Equity Shares validly tendered for the Buyback by Eligible 
Shareholders, on the basis of their Buyback Entitlement as on the Record Date.  
 
20.12  The Buyback shall be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange” as specified  by the SEBI Circular s and following the procedure prescribed in 
the Companies Act , the Share Capital Rules  and the Buyback Regulations and as may be 
determined by the Board (including the Buyback Committee authorized to complete the 
formalities of the Buyback) and on such terms and conditions as may be permitted by law 
from time to time.  
 
20.13  For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Axis Capital  Limited  as the 
registered broker to the Company (“ Company’s Broker ”) to facilitate the process of tendering 
of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange Mechanism for the Buyback  and through whom 
the purchases and  settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company . 
The contact details of the Company’s Broker are as follows:  
 
 
AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED  
1st Floor, Axis  House,  P. B.  Marg,  Worli , Mumbai - 400 025 
Tel: +91 22 4325 5517 ; Fax: +91 22 4325 3000  
Contact Person:  Ankit Gala  
Email:  apl.buyback@axiscap.in  
SEBI Registration Number:  INZ000189931  
 
20.14  BSE will be the Designated Stock Exchange for the purpose of this Buyback. The Company will 
request BSE to provide the separate acquisition window (“ Acquisition Window ”) to facilitate 
placing of sell orders by Eligible Shareholders  who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback. 
The details of the Acquisition Window will be specified by BSE from time to time.   
 
20.15  During the tendering period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window by Eligible Shareholders through their respective stock broker(s) (“ Seller 
Member(s) ”) during  normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Seller Member can 
enter orders for Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and physical form. In the tendering 
process, the Company’s Broker may also process the orders received from the Eligible 
Shareholders.  
 

 
63 20.16  In the event the Seller Member(s) of any Eligible Shareholder is not registered with BSE as a 
trading member/ stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholder can approach any BSE registered 
stock broker and can register themselves by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) facility 
through the BSE registered stock broker (after submitting all details as may be required by 
such BSE registered stock broker in compliance with applicable law). In case the Eligible 
Shareholders are unable to register using UCC facility through any other BSE registered broker, 
Eligible Shareholders may approach Company’s  Broker i.e., Axis Capital  Limited to place their 
bids, subject to completion of KYC requirements as required by the Company’s Broker.  
 
20.17  Eligible Shareholders approaching a stockbroker registered with the BSE (with whom they do 
not have an account) may have to submit the requisite documents as may be required. The 
requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker, and may inter 
alia include:  
 
In case of Eligible Seller being an individual  
If Eligible Seller is registered with KYC Registration Agency (“ KRA ”): Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master / latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA : Forms required:  
• CKYC form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy  
o Address proof  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller is HUF:  
If Eligible Seller is registered with KRA : Forms required:   
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat maste r/ latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy of HUF & karta   
o Address proof of HUF & karta   
o HUF declaration  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
 
64 • Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller other than Individual and HUF:  
If Eligible Seller is KRA registered : Form required   
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy)  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master / latest 
demat statement )  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
 
If Eligible Seller is not KRA registered : Forms required:  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy):  
o PAN card copy of company/ firm/trust  
o Address proof of company/ firm/trust  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master /latest 
demat statement ) 
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• PAN card copies & address proof of Directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution/partnership declaration  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
• MOA/Partnership deed /trust deed  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The requirement 
of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
20.18  All Eligible Shareholders, through their respective Seller Member / stock  broker(s) , will be 
eligible and responsible to place orders in the Acquisition Window.  
 
20.19  During the Tendering Period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window by Eligible Shareholders through their respective  Seller Member(s)  during 
normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Seller Member can enter orders for Equity 
Shares held in dematerialized form and physical form.  
 
20.20  The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including foreign 
corporate bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign portfolio investors, 
non-resident Indians, members of foreign nationality, if any, shall be subject to the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income 
 
65 Tax Act, 2025  and rules and regulations framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject to 
the receipt / provision by such Eligible Shareholders of such approvals, if and to the extent 
necessary or required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, a pprovals from 
the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, if any.  
 
20.21  The reporting  requirements for non -resident shareholders under RBI, Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, as amended and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, for 
remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible Shareholders and/ or  the Eligible 
Shareholder’s Broker through which the Eligible Shareholder places the bid.  
 
20.22  Modification/ cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder  will 
be allowed during the Tendering Period of the Buyback. Multiple bids made by a single Eligible 
Shareholder  for selling Equity Shares shall be clubbed and considered as “one bid ” for the 
purposes of acceptance.  
 
20.23  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on  the website of  BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) (throughout the trading session and will be updated at specific intervals 
during the Tendering Period.  
 
20.24  All documents sent by the Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders 
are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this regard.  Eligible Shareholders shall 
also provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of the 
Equity Shares in respect of the Tender Form to be sent. Such documents may include (but not 
be limited to):  
 
20.24.1  Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder 
has signed the Tender Form ; 
 
20.24.2  Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/legal heirship certificate, 
in case any Eligible Shareholder has expired; and  
 
20.24.3  In case of companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations (including 
board and/or general meeting resolutions).  
 
20.25  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized 
form : 
 
20.25.1  Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares held by them in 
demateriali zed form under the Buyback would have to do so through their 
respective Seller Member by indicating to the concerned Seller Member, the details 
of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback . 
 
20.25.2  The Seller Member(s) would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the 
Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the 
Acquisition Window of BSE.  
 
20.25.3  The details of the settlement number under which the lien will be marked on the 
Equity Shares tendered  for the Buyback will be provided in a separate circular to be 
issued by BSE or the  Clearing Corporation.   
 
 
66 20.25.4  The lien shall be marked by the Seller Member in the demat account of the Eligible 
Shareholder for the shares tendered in Tender Offer. Details of shares marked as 
lien in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the 
Depositories to BSE Clearing Limited and Indian Clearing Corporation Limited 
(“Clearing Corporation ”). In case, the Shareholders demat account is held with one 
Depository and clearing member pool and Clearing Corporation Account is held with 
other Depository , shares sh all be blocked in the shareholders demat account at 
source Depository during the tendering period. Inter Depository Tender Offer 
(“IDT”) instructions shall be initiated by the shareholders at source Depository to 
clearing member/ Clearing Corporation account at target Depository . Source 
Depository shall block the shareholder’s securities (i.e., transfers from free balance 
to blocked balance) and send IDT message to target Depository for confirming 
creation of lien. Details of shares blocked in the shareholders demat account shall 
be provided by the target Depository to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
20.25.5  For custodian participant orders for Equity Shares  in dematerialised form , early pay -
in is mandatory prior to confirmation of order by custodian. The custodian shall 
either confirm or reject the orders not later than the closing of trading hours on the 
last day of the Tendering Period . Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be 
deemed to be rejected. For all confirmed custodian participant orders, order 
modification by the concerned Sell er Member shall revoke the custodian 
confirmation and the revised orde r shall be sent to the custodian again for 
confirmation.  
 
20.25.6  Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member(s) shall provide a Transaction Registration 
Slip (“ TRS”) generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder 
on whose behalf the bid has been placed. The TRS will contain the details of the 
order submitted like bid ID number, application number, DP ID, client ID, number of 
Equity Shares tende red etc.  In case of non -receipt of the completed tender form 
and other documents, but lien marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid in the 
exchange bidding system,  the bid by such Eligible Shareholder shall be deemed to 
have been submitted . 
 
20.25.7  IT IS CLARIFIED THAT IN CASE OF EQUITY SHARES  IN DEMATAREALISED FORM , 
SUBMISSION OF THE TENDER FORM AND TRS IS NOT MANDATORY . After the 
receipt of the Equity Shares in dematerialised form by the Clearing Corporation and 
a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the Buyback shall be deemed to have 
been accepted, for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised 
form . 
 
20.25.8  The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the Depository 
participant ( “DP”) account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return 
of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated Buyback decided by the 
Company. Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the bank 
account attached with the DP  account active and updated to receive credit 
remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the Company.  
 
20.26  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form  
 
In accordance with SEBI’s circular dated July 31, 2020 (circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/ 
P/2020/144), shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are allowed to tender such 
shares in a buyback undertaken through the Tender Offer route. However, such tendering 
 
67 shall be as per the provisions of the Buyback Regulations. Nevertheless, Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical form are urged to have their Equity Shares dematerialized so 
as to be able to freely transfer them and participate in corporate actions in a convenient and 
effective manner. The procedure for tendering equity shares in physical form is as below:  
 
20.26.1  Eligible Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form and intend to 
participate in the Buyback  will be required to approach their respective Seller 
Member along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures to 
be carried out before placement of the bid. Such documents will include the (a) 
Tender Form duly signed by all Eligible Sha reholders (in case shares are in joint 
names, in the same order in which they hold the shares), (b) original share 
certificate(s), (c) valid share transfer form(s)/  Form SH -4 duly filled and signed by 
the transferors (i.e. , by all registered Shareholders in the same order and as per the 
specimen signatures registered with the Company) and duly witnessed at the 
appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company, (d) self -
attested copy of PAN card(s) of all El igible Shareholders, (e) any other relevant 
documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board 
resolution/  specimen signature), notarized copy of death c ertificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as 
applicable. In addition, if the address of the Eligible Shareholder has undergone a 
change from the address registered in the register of members of t he Company, the 
Eligible Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of address 
proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar card, voter 
identity card or passport.   
 
20.26.2  Based on documents mentioned in paragraph 20. 26.1 above, the concerned Seller 
Member shall place an order/ bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in physical form who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback, 
using the Acquisition Window of BSE. Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member shall 
provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible 
Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like folio number, 
certificate number, distinctive number, number of Equity Shares tendered etc.  
 
20.26.3  Any Seller Member/  Eligible Shareholder who places a bid for Equity Shares  in 
physical form , is required to deliver the original share certificate(s) and documents 
(as mentioned above) along with TRS generated by exchange bidding system upon 
placing of bid, either by registered post, speed post or courier or hand delivery to 
the Registrar to the  Buyback i.e. , KFin  Technologies  Limited  (at the address 
mentioned on cover page ) on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednes day, 
April 2 9, 202 6 by 5:00 pm (IST) . The envelope should be super scribed as 
“Aurobindo Pharma  Limited Buyback 202 6”. One copy of the TRS will be retained 
by Registrar to the Buyback and it will provide acknowledgement of the same to the 
Seller Member . 
 
20.26.4  The Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should note that 
Equity Shares in physical form will not be accepted unless the complete set of 
documents are submitted. Acceptance of the Equity Shares in physical form for 
Buyback by the Company shall be subject to verification as per the Buyback 
Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. The Registrar to the 
Buyback will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a daily basis 
and till such verification, BSE shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. 
 
68 Once Registrar to the Buyback confirms the bids, they will be treated as ‘confirmed 
bids’ . 
 
20.26.5  In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for 
dematerialization, such Eligible Shareholders should ensure that the process of 
getting the Equity  Shares dematerialized is completed well in time so that they can 
participate in the Buyback before the closure of the tendering period of the 
Buyback.  
 
20.26.6  All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, 
failing which  the Equity Shares tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity 
Shares shall be liable for rejection on the following grounds amongst others: (i) If 
there is any other company’s equity share certificate(s) enclosed with the Tender 
Form instead of the Equity Share certificate(s) of the Company; (ii) If the 
transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the 
name of the Eligible Sh areholders; (iii) If the Eligible Shareholders tender Equity 
Shares but the Registrar to the Buyback does not receive the Equity Share 
certificate(s); (iv) In case the signature on the Tender Form and Form SH -4 does not 
match as per the specimen signature recorded with Company/  Registrar of the 
Company.  
 
20.26.7  An unregistered shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form may also tender 
their Equity Shares in the Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer deed 
for transfer of shares, purchased prior to the Record Date, in their name, along with 
the of fer form, copy of their PAN card and of the person from whom they have 
purchased shares and other relevant documents as required for transfer, if any.  
 
20.27  For Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity 
Shares (Read with paragraph 17 “Details of Statutory Approvals”):  
 
20.27.1  Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (excluding 
FIIs) shall also enclose a copy of the permission received by them from RBI, if 
applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them.  
 
20.27.2  Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs should also enclose a copy of their SEBI 
registration certificate.  
 
20.27.3  In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non -Resident 
Shareholder shall obtain and enclose a letter from its authorised dealer / bank 
confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for the same 
was made by the Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account (e.g., 
NRE a/c.) as specified by RBI in its approval. In case the Non -Resident Shareholder 
is not in a position to produce the said certificate, the Equity Shares would be 
deemed to have been acquired on n on-repatriation basis and in that case the Non -
Resident Shareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company, 
allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -repatriation basis in respect 
of the valid Equity Shares accepted under the Buybac k.  
 
20.27.4  If any of the above stated documents (as applicable) are not enclosed along with 
the Tender Form, the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback are liable to be 
rejected.  
 
 
69 THE NON RECEIPT OF TH IS LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMMISSION TO DISPATCH 
THE LETTER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE SAME TO 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK, SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK OFFER IN ANY WAY. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL ACCEPT EQUIT Y SHARES VALIDLY TENDERED FOR 
THE BUYBACK OFFER ON THE BASIS OF THEIR HOLDING AND ENTITLEMENT AS APPEARING 
IN THE RECORDS OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE RECORD DATE.  
 
20.28  In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form:  
 
20.28.1  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold Equity Shares in dematerialized form : If any 
Eligible Shareholder who is holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form and has 
been sent the Letter of Offer through electronic means wishes to obtain a physical 
copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the Company or 
Registrar at the address or email ID mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of 
Offer stating name, address, number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client 
ID number, DP name/  ID, beneficiary account number. Upon receipt of such 
request, a physical copy of the Letter of Offer shall be provided to such Eligible 
Shareholder.  An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by 
downloading the Tender Form from the website s of the Company 
(www.aurobindo.com ), the Manager to the Buyback ( www.axiscapital.co.in ), 
Registrar to the Buyback (kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx ), SEBI 
(www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE (www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ) or by 
providing his/her/its application in writing on a plain paper, signed by all Eligible 
Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible 
Shareholder(s), number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID 
number,  DP name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares 
tendered for the Buyback . 
 
20.28.2  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold in physical form : An Eligible Shareholder may 
participate in the Buyback by providing his/her/its application in writing on a plain 
paper signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding) stating name, 
address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity  Share certificate 
number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive 
numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy of Eligible 
Shareholder’s PAN card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour of th e 
Company. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading 
the Tender Form from the websites of the Company (www.aurobindo.com ), the 
Manager to the Buyback ( www.axiscapital.co.in ), Registrar to the Buyback 
(kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE  
(www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ), and must ensure that the 
Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite documents, reach the Registrar to 
the Buyback on or before  the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednes day, A pril 29, 2026 
by 5:00 pm (IST ). If the signature(s) of the Eligible Shareholders provided in the plain 
paper application differs from the specimen signature(s) recorded with the registrar 
of the  Company or are not in the same order (although attested), such Tender Forms 
are liable to be rejected under this Buyback . 
 
Please note that Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback will be 
required to approach their respective Seller Member (along with the complete set of 
documents for verification procedures in case of Equity Shares held in physical form)  and 
 
70 have to ensure that their bid is entered by their respective Seller Member in the electronic 
platform to be made available by BSE before the Buyback Closing Date.  
 
The Company shall accept Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder(s) in 
the Buyback on the basis of their shareholding as on the Record Date and the Buyback 
Entitlement. Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback usi ng the 
‘plain paper’ option as mentioned in this paragraph are advised to confirm their Entitlement 
from the Registrar to the Buyback Offer, before participating in the Buyback.  
 
The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is entirely at the discretion of the 
Eligible Shareholders. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any 
Eligible Shareholder to either participate or to not participat e in the Buyback. The Company 
will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share certificate(s) and other documents 
during transit and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest 
in this regard.  
 
20.29  Acceptance of Orders  
 
The Registrar to the Buyback shall provide details of order Acceptance to the Clearing 
Corporation within specified timelines.  
 
20.30  Method of Settlement  
 
Upon finalization of the basis of Acceptance as per Buyback Regulations:  
 
20.30.1  The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of 
trades in the secondary market  and as intimated by the Clearing Corporatio n from 
time to time, and in compliance with the SEBI Circulars . 
 
20.30.2  The Company will pay the consideration to the Company’s Broker who will transfer 
the funds pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank accounts as 
per the prescribed schedule. For Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback, the 
Clearing Corp oration will make direct funds payout to respective Eligible 
Shareholders. For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized 
form, i f the Eligible Shareholders’ bank account details are not available or if the 
funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/bank, due to any reason, then such 
funds will be transferred to the concerned Seller Member’s settlement bank 
account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareholders.  
 
20.30.3  For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -
out would be given to their respective Sell er Member’s settlement accounts for 
releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s account.   
 
20.30.4  In case of certain client types  viz. Non -Resident Shareholders (where there are 
specific RBI and other regulatory requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do 
not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their 
respective Sell er Member’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the 
respective Eligible Shareholder’s account. For this purpose, the client type details 
would be collected from the Depositories, whereas funds payout pertaining to the 
bids settled through custodian s will be transferred to th e settlement bank account 
 
71 of the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by 
BSE and the Clearing Corporation from time to time.  
 
20.30.5  Details in respect of Eligible Shareholder’s Entitlement for Tender Offer process will 
be provided to the Clearing Corporation by the Company or Registrar to the 
Buyback. On receipt of the same, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted blocked Equity Shares in the demat account of the  Eligible Shareholder. 
On settlement date, all blocked Equity Shares mentioned in the accepted bid will be 
transferred to the Clearing Corporation .  
 
20.30.6  In the case of inter Depository, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted shares in target Depository. Source Depository will not be able to 
release the lien without a release of IDT message from target Depository. Further, 
release of IDT message shall be sent by target Depository either based on 
cancellation request received from Clearing Corporation or automatically generated 
after matching with bid accepted detail as received from the Company or the 
Registrar to the Buyback. Post receivi ng the IDT message from target Depository, 
source Depository will cancel/  release excess or unaccepted block shares in the 
demat account of the shareholder. Post completion of tendering period and 
receiving the requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid quantity, 
source Depository shall debit the securities a s per the communication/  message 
received from target Depository to the extent of accepted bid shares from 
shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Clearing Corporation settlemen t 
account in target Depository on settlement date . 
 
20.30.7  In relation to Equity Shares  held in physical form : (a) If Equity Shares held in physical 
form tendered by Eligible Shareholders are not Accepted, then the Equity Share 
certificate would be returned to such Eligible Shareholders by registered post or by 
ordinary post or courier at the Eligible Shareholders’ sole risk. The Company also 
encourages Eli gible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form  to 
dematerialize them . (b) If however, only a portion of the Equity Shares held in 
physical form  by an Eligible Shareholder is Accepted in the Buyback then the 
Company shall instead of issuing a spl it share certificate towards the unaccepted 
Equity Shares, issue a Letter of Confirmation (“ LOC”) in accordance with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD1/P/CIR/2023/70 dated May 17, 2023. The LOC 
shall be dispatched to the address registered with the Company. The Company shall 
retain the original Equity Share certificates and deface such cert ificates with a stamp 
“Letter of Confirmation Issued” on the face / reverse of the certificate to the extent 
of the excess Equity Shares in physical form . The LO C shall be valid for a period of 
120 days from the date of its issuance, within which the Eligible Shareholder shall 
be required to make a request to their depository participant for dematerializing 
the Equity Shares. In case the Eligible Shareholder fails  to submit the demat request 
within the aforementioned period, the RTA shall arrange to credit the Equity Shares  
to a separate demat account of the Company opened for the said purpose.  
 
20.30.8  The Equity Shares bought back in dematerialized form would be transferred directly 
to the demat escrow account of the Company opened for the Buyback (“ Company 
Demat Escrow Account ”) provided it is indicated by the Company’s Broker or it will 
be transferred by the Company’s Broker to the Company Demat Escrow Account on 
receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing and settlement mechanism of BSE.  
 
 
72 20.30.9  Eligible Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
respective Seller Member(s) for details of any cost, applicable taxes, charges and 
expenses (including brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the Seller Member(s) 
upon the selling shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary 
market transaction). The Buyback consideration received by the Eligible 
Shareholders in respect of accepted Equity Shares could be net of such costs, 
applicable taxes, charges and e xpenses (including brokerage) and the Manager to 
the Buyback and Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional 
cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) incurred solely by the Eligible 
Shareholders.  
 
20.30.10  The Seller Member(s) would issue contract note and pay the consideration for the 
Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback and return the balance unaccepted 
Equity Shares to their respective clients/ will unblock the excess unaccepted Equity 
Shares. The Com pany’s Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for 
the Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback.  
 
20.30.11  The Equity Shares accepted , bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat 
Escrow Account will be extinguished in the manner and following the procedure 
prescribed in the Buyback Regulations.  
 
20.31  Rejection Criteria  
 
The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders would be liable to be rejected on the 
following grounds:  
 
20.31.1  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form:  
 
(i) If the Shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the 
Record Date;  
(ii) If there is a name mismatch in demat account of the Shareholder and PAN ; 
or 
(iii) There exists any restraint order of a court/any other competent authority 
for transfer/disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has been 
notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is under 
dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists . 
 
20.31.2  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form:  
 
(i) If the documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on 
or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e.,  Wednes day, A pril 29, 2026 by 5:00 
pm (IST) ; 
(ii) If there is any other company’s share certificate enclosed with the Tender 
Form instead of the share certificate of the Company;  
(iii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares 
are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders;  
(iv) If the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not 
receive the physical share certificate;  
(v) If the PAN cards (self -attested) of the shareholder and all the joint holders, 
are not submitted with the form ; 
 
73 (vi) In the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 do not match 
as per the specimen signature recorded with Company or Registrar;  
(vii) If the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the 
Record Date;  
(viii) If there is a name mismatch in the share certificate of the shareholder;  
(ix) If the Eligible Shareholder has made a duplicate bid; or  
(x) Where there exists any restraint order of a court/ any other competent 
authority for transfer/ disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has 
been notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is 
under dispute or otherwise not cle ar or where any other restraint subsists.  
 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE BASED ON THE 
CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX LAWS OF INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, 
WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, 
REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD H AVE 
DIFFERENT TAX IMPLICATIONS ON THESE TAX CONSIDERATIONS.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARIZED NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES, SHAREHOLDERS ARE 
REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS 
INCLUDING THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN 
THEIR CASE, AND THE APPROPRIAT E COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
 
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE 
OF THIS TAX SUMMARY AND THERE CAN BE NO LIABILITY ON THE COMPANY IF ANY ACTION 
IS TAKEN BY THE SHAREHOLDER SOLELY BASED ON THIS TAX SUMMARY. THEREFORE, 
SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT RELY ON  THIS ADVICE AND THE SUMMARY TAX IMPLICATIONS 
RELATING TO THE TREATMENT OF INCOME TAX IN THE CASE OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY 
SHARES LISTED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS 
INDICATIVE AND FOR GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
21.1 GENERAL  
 
The Indian tax year runs from April 1 to March 31. The basis of charge of Indian income -tax 
depends upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. A person who is a tax 
resident of India is liable to taxation in India on his worldwide incom e, subject to certain 
prescribed tax exemptions provided under the IT Act . 
 
A person who is treated as a non -resident for Indian tax purposes is generally liable to tax in 
India only on his / her Indian sourced income or income received by such person in India.  
 
In case of shares of a company, the source of income from shares would depend on the “situs” 
of the shares. As per the IT Act and Judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is 
where company is “incorporated” and where its shares can be transf erred. Accordingly, since 
the Company is incorporated in India, the shares of the Company would be “situated” in India 
and any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India 
under the IT Act subject to any specific ex emption in this regard. Further, the non -resident 
can avail the beneficial tax treatment prescribed under the Double Taxation Avoidance 
Agreement (“ DTAA ”), as modified by the Multilateral Instrument (“ MLI”), if the same is 
 
74 applicable to the relevant DTAA between India and the respective country of which the said 
shareholder is tax resident.  
 
The above benefit may be available subject to satisfying relevant conditions prescribed under 
the IT Act including but not limited to availability of Tax Residency Certificate, non -applicability 
of General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) and providing and maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act as well as satisfying the relevant 
conditions under the respective DTAA including anti -abuse measures under the MLI, if 
applicable.  
 
21.2 CLASSIFICATION OF SHAREHOLDERS  
 
Section 6 of the IT Act determines the residential status of an assessee. Accordingly, 
shareholders can be classified broadly in two categories as below:  
 
21.2.1  Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family (“HUF”), Association of Persons 
(“AOP”), Body of Individuals (“BOI”), Firm and Limited Liability Partnership 
(“LLP”)  
(ii) Others (corporate bodies):  
o Company  
o Other than Company  
 
21.2.2  Non -Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) Non -Resident Indians (NRIs)  
(ii) Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
(iii) Others:  
o Foreign Company  
o Foreign non -corporate shareholders Other than Company  
 
21.3 INCOME TAX PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON 
RECOGNISED STOCK EXCHANGE  
 
As per the provisions of Section 69 of the IT Act  
 
21.3.1  If a shareholder or a holder of other specified securities receives any consideration 
from any company for the purchase of its own shares or other specified securities 
held by such shareholder or holder of other specified securities, then, subject to the 
provisions of section 72, the difference between the cost of acquisition and the 
value of consideration so received shall be deemed to be the “Capital gains” arising 
to such shareholder or the holder of other specified securities, as the case may be, 
in the  year in which the company purchases the shares or other specified securities . 
 
21.3.2  In respect of capital gains referred to in sub -section (1), where a company purchases 
its own shares or other specified securities in accordance with the provisions of 
section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the shareholder or holder of other 
specified s ecurities is a promoter, the aggregate income -tax payable on such capital 
gains shall be –– 
 
 
75 (i) the income -tax payable on such capital gains in accordance with the 
provisions of this IT Act; and  
(ii)  an additional income tax in respect of capital gains specified in column B of 
the Table below, computed at the rate specified in column C or column D 
of the said Table.  
 
(plus, applicable surcharge and cess as notified).  
 
21.3.3  For the purposes  of this section,  –– 
 
(i) in the case of a company whose shares are listed on a recognized stock 
exchange  in India, ‘promoter’ shall have the same meaning as assigned to it 
in regulation 2(k) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 made under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992;  
(ii)  in any other case, “promoter” means, –– 
o a “promoter” as defined in section 2(69)  of the Companies  Act, 2013 
(18 of 2013); or   
o a person who holds, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of  the 
shareholding in the company;  
(iii) “specified  securities” shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in 
Explanation 1 to section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
21.4 TAX DEDUCTION AT SOURCE  
 
For Resident Shareholders, the company is not required to deduct any Tax at Source .  
 
For Non –resident shareholders, the Company is required to deduct tax at source on payment 
made to Non –resident, if such payment is chargeable to tax in India under the provisions of 
the IT Act, at the time of payment or credit whichever is earlier, at the rates in force.  
 
The term “rates in force” is defined under section 2(90) of the IT Act to include rates specified 
under the Finance Act for the relevant year or the rates specified under the double taxation 
avoidance agreement with the respective countries. In this regard, the Finance Act, 2026 
provides rates in force on capital gain1 as below:  
 
 
 
1 Consideration received on buy back less cost of acquisition  
Sl. No Income Rate, where the promoter 
is a domestic companyRate, where the promoter is 
other than a domestic company 
A B C D
1Short-term capital gains 
referred to in section 196 
arising from the transfer of 
such securities. 2% 10%
2Long-term capital gains 
referred to in section 197 or 
section 198 arising from the 
transfer of such securities. 9.50% 17.50%
 
76 Sl. No 
(A) Income (B)  Promoters (c)  Non – 
promoters  (D) 
Rates in 
force  Addition
al tax  Total  Rates in force  
1 Short term Capital gain 
referred in section 196 
arising from the transfer 
of such securities  20%  10%  30%  20%  
2 Long term Capital gain 
referred in section 197 
or section 198 arising 
from the transfer of 
such securities  12.50%  17.50%  30%  12.50%  
 
(plus, applicable surcharge and cess as notified).  
 
However, section 159(8) of the IT Act provides that in order to be eligible to claim the relief 
under a DTAA, a non -resident will need to provide a TRC issued  by the relevant foreign 
government. Further, Income tax Rules, 2026 also prescribes to maintain following to avail 
benefits under the relevant DTAA:   
 
• Copy of the PAN card allotted  by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested  by the 
shareholders or details as prescribed  rule 158 under  the Income -tax Rules, 2026 in 
absence of PAN Card.  
• Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for financial year 2026 -27 obtained from the 
revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax residence, duly attested by 
shareholders/authorized signatory  
• Electronic Form 41 can be obtained electronically through the e -filing portal of the 
income tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/ . 
• Self-declaration by the shareholders of having no permanent establishment in India in 
accordance with the applicable tax treaty  
• Self-declaration of beneficial ownership of equity shares by the non -resident shareholder  
• Self-declaration of fulfilling all conditions of tax treaty for being eligible to claim benefit 
of the tax treaty (DTAA) read with Multilateral Instrument (MLI).  
• Any other documents as prescribed under the IT Act for lower withholding of taxes, if 
applicable, duly attested by the shareholders.  
 
Kindly note that  any relief in withholding tax rate is subject to the DTAA provisions applicable , 
and would depend on the documents submitted.  
 
Non -resident shareholders may also provide a Lower Tax Deduction Certificate (LTDC) 
certificate issued by the Income Tax Department under Section 395 of the IT Act, which  
authorizes company to deduct WHT at a lower rate instead of the standard prescribed rate 
under IT Act. 
 
The non -resident shareholders need to consult their tax advisors with regard to availability of 
such a tax credit.  
 
21.5 SECURITIES TRANSACTION TAX  
 
Since the Buyback of shares shall take place through the settlement mechanism of the Stock 
Exchange, Securities Transaction Tax will be applicable at the applicable rate.  
 
77  
CAVEAT:  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS AS ABOVE IS BASED ON THE CURRENT 
PROVISIONS OF THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR 
MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR 
JUDICIAL DECISIONS.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE SPECIFIC NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES, SHAREHOLDERS WHO ARE NOT 
TAX RESIDENTS OF INDIA ARE REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE 
APPLICABLE TAX AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE 
CONSIDERING THE PROVISIONS OF T HE RELEVANT COUNTRY OR STATE TAX LAW AND 
PROVISIONS OF DTAA WHERE APPLICABLE.  
 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
 
Declaration as required by clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I  of the Buyback 
Regulations :  
 
22.1 The Board confirm s that there are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting ) in the 
repayment of any deposits (including  interest payable thereon ), redemption of debentures or 
preference shares , payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans to any financial 
institution or banks (including interest payable thereon),  as the case may be , and in case of 
defaults which have ceased to subsist, if any, a period of more than 3 (three) years has lapsed . 
 
As required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, the Board has confirmed 
that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed an 
opinion, that:  
 
(i) immediately following the date of the Board Meeting , i.e., Mon day, April 6 , 2026, 
approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found 
unable to pay its debts, if any;  
 
(ii) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of Board 
Meeting, and having regard to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of 
the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the fin ancial 
resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, 
the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be 
rendered insolvent within a period of 1 ( One) year from the date of the Board Meeting; 
and 
 
(iii) in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20 16, as 
applicable.  
 
This declaration is made and issued under the authority of the Board of Directors in terms of 
the resolution passed at the meeting held on Mon day, April 6 , 2026. 
  
 
78 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors   
 
 
Sd/- Sd/- 
 
K. Nit hyananda Reddy  
Managing Director  
DIN: 01284195   
Mettu Madan Mohan 
Reddy  
Whole -time Director  
DIN: 01284266  
 
 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR ’S REPORT   
 
The text of the report dated  Mon day, April 6 , 202 6, of M/s.  Deloitte Haskins & Sells , Chartered 
Accountants, the statutory auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board of the Company 
is reproduced below:  
 
Quote  
 
To, 
Board  of Directors,  
Aurobindo Pharma Limited  
Galaxy, Floor 22 -24 
Plot No 1, Sy No 83/1 Hyderabad Knowledge City,  
Raidurg Panmaktha Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
 
Re: Statutory Auditor's Report in respect of proposed buyback of equity shares by Aurobindo 
Pharma Limited ( the "Company") in terms of Clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the Buyback Regulations”)  
 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter  March 25 , 202 6. 
 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company have approved a proposal for buyback of Equity Shares by 
the Company at its meeting held on  April 6 , 202 6, in pursuance of the provisions of Sections 68, 
69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”) and the Buyback Regulations.  
 
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on the 
accompanying “Statement of Permissible Capital Payment  for the year ended and  as at March 31, 
2025” (‘Annexure A’) (hereinafter referred to as the “Statement”). This Statement has been 
prepared by the Management, which we have stamped for the purposes of identification only.  
 
Management's Responsibility:  
 
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act 
and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations and compliance with the Buyback 
Regulations, is the responsibility of the Management of the Comp any, including the computation 
of the amount of the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all 
accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the 
design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making 
estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
79  
5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial 
Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company’s ability to c ontinue as a going 
concern for a period of one year from April 06, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to 
make a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as 
specified in (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations and that the Company will not, having 
regard to it s state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from April 06, 2026 
(date of passing of the Board Meeting resolution).  
 
Auditor's Responsibility:  
 
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations,  it is our responsibility to provide a 
reasonable assurance that:  
 
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the annual audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended and as at March 31, 
2025 which were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held 
on May 2 6, 202 5, and adopted by the shareholders of the Company in the Annual General 
Meeting  held on September 10, 2025 .  
 
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated in Annexure A, has been properly 
determined considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended and as at March 31, 2025 in accordance with the proviso to 
Section 68(2)(b) of the Act and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations; 
and 
 
iii. the Board of Directors of the Company, in their Meeting held o n April 06, 202 6 have formed 
the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations, on reasonable 
grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered 
insolvent (as defined in management responsibility above) within a period of one year from 
the aforesaid date with regard to the proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting.  
 
7. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements referred to in paragraph 6 above, 
have been audited by us, on which we have issued an unmodified audit opinion in our reports 
each dated May 26, 2025. We conducted our audit of the annual standalo ne and consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) 
of the Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. Those Standards re quire that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. 
Our audit was not planned and performed in connection with any transactions to identify matters 
that may be of  potential interest to third parties.  
 
8. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”) and Standards on Audit ing specified under Section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this report. The 
Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accou ntants of India.  
 
9. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control 
 
80 (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements. Further our examination 
did not extend to any other parts and aspects of a legal or proprietary na ture in the aforesaid 
Buyback.  
 
Opinion  
 
10. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that:  
 
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its annual audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended and as at March 31, 
2025, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting 
held on May 2 6, 202 5. 
 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment towards the proposed buy back of equity shares 
as computed in the Statement attached herewith, as Annexure A, in our view has been 
properly determined in accordance with the proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act a nd the 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations.  
 
iii. The Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting held on  April 06, 202 6 have formed 
their opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations, on 
reasonable grounds and that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not be 
rendered insolvent (as defined in management responsibility above)  within a period of one 
year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated  April 06, 202 6. 
 
Restriction on use  
 
11. This report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the Company  
 
(i) in connection with the proposed buyback of equity shares of the Company as mentioned 
in paragraph 2 above,  
(ii) to enable the Board of Directors of the Company to include in the Letter of offer and other 
documents pertaining to buyback to be filed with  
 
a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges, 
and any other regulatory authority as per applicable law; and  
b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National Securities Depository Limited 
and  
c) to share with the Manager to Buyback offer in connection with the proposed buyback 
of equity shares of the Company for onward submission to relevant authorities in 
pursuance to the provisions of Section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Act 
and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be suitable for any other purpose.  
 
This report should not be used for any other purpose without our prior written consent. 
Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose 
or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come without 
our prior consent in writing.  
 
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells   
Chartered Accountants  
 
81 (Firm‘s Registration No.008072S)  
 
Sd/- 
C Manish Muralidhar  
(Partner)  
(Membership No. 213649)  
(UDIN:  26213649FRKCFB8227 ) 
Place: Denver, USA  
Date: April 06, 202 6 
 
Annexure A - Statement of Permissible Capital Payment as at March 31, 202 5: 
 
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of equity shares in 
accordance with the proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and read with 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended, based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 202 5. 
(Amount in ₹ millions)  
Particulars   Amount  - 
Standalone  Amount - 
Consolidated  
Paid up Equity Share Capital as on March 31, 202 5 
(580,801,623 fully paid -up Equity Shares of ₹ 1 each)  (A) 580.8 580.8 
Free Reserves as on March 31, 202 5   
Securities Premium   751.1  
General Reserve  2,013.9 2,257 .0 
Retained Earnings  200,904.0 302,216.5 
Total Free Reserves  (B) 202,917 .9 305,224 .6 
Total  C=(A+B)  203,498 .7 305,805 .4 
Maximum amount permissible towards buyback of equity 
shares in accordance with the proviso to Section 68(2)(b) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and read with proviso to 
Regulation 5(i)(b) of Buyback Regulations (10% of the 
total Paid -up equity capital and free r eserves of 
standalone and consolidated financial statements)  C * 10% 20,349 .9 30,580 .5 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback lower of 
Standalone and Consolidated amounts   20,349 .9 
 
Notes:  
1) The amount of paid -up equity share capital and free reserves as at March 31, 202 5 have been 
extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 202 5. 
 
2) As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has applied the guidance 
provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financia l Statements, which relate 
to the assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year 
 
82 from April 06, 202 6 as well as for a period of one year immediately following the date of passing 
of the Board Meeting resolution.  
 
For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Aurobindo Pharma Limited  
 
Sd/- 
K. Nit hyananda Reddy  
Vice Chairman and Managing Director  
 
Date: April 06, 202 6 
 
Unquote  
 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the registered office of 
the Company Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038, Telangana, India from 
Monday to Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm (IST) on all working days except public 
holidays  during the Buyback  Period:  
 
24.1 Copies of the certificate of incorporation , memorandum and articles of association of the 
Company ; 
 
24.2 Copies of the annual reports of the Company for the financial year s ended March 31, 202 5, 
March 31, 202 4 and March 31, 20 23, and the unaudited financial statements for the nine 
months period ended December 31, 2025 ; 
 
24.3 Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of Directors at the meeting held on Mon day, April 
6, 202 6 approving proposal for Buyback;  
 
24.4 Copy of the report dated Mon day, April 6 , 2026 of M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells , Chartered 
Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of the Company , in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I of 
the Buyback Regulations;  
 
24.5 Copy of the Public Announcement  dated Tues day, April 7, 2026 and published in the 
newspapers on Wednes day, April 8 , 202 6 regarding the Buyback ; 
 
24.6 Copy of declaration of solvency as prescribed under Section 68(6) of the Companies Act;  
 
24.7 Copy of Escrow Agreement dated Tuesday, April 7 , 2026 between the Company , the Escrow 
Agent and the Manager to the Buyback;  
 
24.8 Letter  from Escrow Bank dated  April 10, 2026, that the Escrow Account in the name of 
“Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  - Buyback Escrow Account”  has been opened  and confirming 
deposit of funds ; 
 
24.9 Certificate dated Mon day, April 6 , 2026 of G Pavan Kumar Reddy  (Membership No. 229495 ), 
partner at G P M & Associates , Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 015343S ), 
confirming  that the Company has firm and adequate financial arrangements to fulfil  the 
obligations under the Buyback ; and 
 
 
83 24.10  Note on taxation, dated  Mon day, April 6 , 202 6, obtained by the Company from  G P M & 
Associates , Chartered Accountants.  
 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
The Company has designated the following as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback:  
 
Name : Mr B Adi Reddy  
Designation : Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Address : Galaxy, Floors: 22 -24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge 
City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad - 500 032, 
Telangana, India.  
Tel no. : +91 40 6672 5333  
Email : cs@aurobindo.com  
 
In case of any clarifications or to address investor grievance, the shareholders may contact 
the Compliance Officer, from Monday to Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm (IST) on 
all working days except public holidays, at the above -mentioned address .  
 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS  
 
26.1 In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (including non -receipt of the Buyback 
consideration,  share certificate, demat credit, etc.), the Eligible Shareholders can approach 
the Compliance Officer and/or Manager to the Buyback and/or Registrar to the Buyback for 
redressal .  
 
26.2 If the Company makes any default in complying with the requirements under the Companies 
Act or any rules made thereunder as may be applicable to the Buyback, the Company or any 
officer of the Company who is in default shall be liable in terms of the Compan ies Act.  
 
26.3 The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:  
 
Registrar of Companies, Telangana at Hyderabad  
2ND Floor, Corporate Bhawan, GSI Post, Nagole,  
Bandlaguda, Hyderabad -500068, Telangana , India  
Tel. no. : +91 40 2980 5427  
 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE   
 
In case of any query, the Eligible Shareholders may also contact the Registrar to the Buyback 
appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, from Monday to 
Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm (IST) on all working days except public holidays, at 
the address at the following address : 
 
 
 
 
 
  KFin Technologies  Limited  
Address : Selenium Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 
Gachibowli, Financial District Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500032  
Tel. no. : +91 40 6716 2222   
Fax no .: +91 40 6716 1563  
Tollfree number : 18003094001  
Contact person: M Murali Krishna  

 
84 Email : aurobindo.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance mail:  einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221   
Validity: Permanent  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  
 
The Company has appointed the following as Manager to the Buyback:  
 
 AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED  
1st Floor, Axis House , P. B. Marg, Worli  
Mumbai - 400 025, Maharashtra, India  
Tel.: +91 22 4325 2183  
Fax: +91 22 4325 3000  
Contact Person : Harish Patel/ Simran Gadh  
Email : apl.buyback @axiscap.in   
Website : www.axiscapital.co.in   
SEBI Registration Number : INM000012029  
 
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  
 
In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board  accepts full responsibility 
for all the information contained in this Letter of Offer  and confirms that this Letter of Offer 
contains  and will contain true, factual and material information and does not contain  any 
misleading information . This Letter of Offer is issued under the authority of the Board and in 
terms of the resolution passed by the Board on Mon day, April 6 , 202 6.  
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  
 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
 
K. Nit hyananda Reddy  
Managing Director  
DIN: 01284195   
Mettu  Madan Mohan 
Reddy  
Whole -time Director  
DIN: 01284266  
 
  
B. Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. : ACS 13709  
 
Date : April 21, 2026  
Place :  Hyderabad  

 
 TENDER FORM  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM)  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURS DAY, A PRIL 23 , 2026 
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNES DAY , APRIL 2 9, 2026 
 For Registrar use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
     
    
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
  Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
  Foreign Co .  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
  Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
  VCF  Partnership/LLP   Mutual Fund  
  Others (Specify)      
To, India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
The Board of Directors,  
AUROBINDO PHARMA  LIMITED  
C/o. KFin Technologies  Limited  
Selenium Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli,  
Financial District Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
Tel. no.: +91 40 6716 2222   Resident in India   Non -Resident in 
India   Resident of 
_____________  
(Shareholder to fill 
country of residence)  
 Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
  Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign Investment Scheme  
Dear Sir / Madam , 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated Tuesday, A pril 21, 202 6 in relation to the b uyback of up to  54,23,728 (Fifty Four  Lakh T wenty Three  Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty Eight only) Equity 
Shares of Aurobindo Pharma  Limited (hereinafter referred as “the Company”) at a price of ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and S eventy Five  only ) per Equity Share 
(“Buyback Price”) payable in cash  (the “Buyback”)  
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated Tuesday, A pril 21 , 202 6 issued by the Company) hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the Buyback 
on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby affirm  that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable inter est, charges and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other order(s) / covenants of any nature which limits / restrict s in any manner my / our right to tender Equity Shares for 
Buyback and that I / we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of documents and that the con sideration will be paid as per the secondary market 
mechanism.  
6. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated 
Buyback decided by the Company. Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the bank account attached w ith the DP account ac tive and updated to receive 
credit remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the Company . 
7. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provis ions of Buyback Regulations and circulars issued by SEBI.  
8. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
9. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree to abide by 
any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accor dance with the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations , the extant applicable foreign exchange regulations  
and any other applicable laws.  
10. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is on me/us. I / We agree  to compute gains on this transaction and immediately 
pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our cu stodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
11. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on buyback of shares. I / We also undertake to provide 
the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxability of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence 
of the tax paid etc., whenever called fo r. 
12. Non -Resident Shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs, FPI, Foreign Nationals and FIIs) are requested to enclose a consent letter indic ating the details of transfer i.e., number of Equity 
Shares to be transferred, the name of the investee company whose shares ar e being transferred i.e., “ Aurobindo Pharma  Limited ” and the price at which the Equity Shares are being 
transferred i.e., “Price determined in accordance with the Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the Shareholder or his/its dul y appointed agent and in th e latter case, also enclose the 
power of attorney.  
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(Friday, April 17 , 2026)   
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback 
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback 
(Including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note : An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares vali dly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full e xtent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the Buyback Entitlement 
of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer. Equi ty Shares tendered by any 
Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall  not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
14. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the Eq uity Shareholder.  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: AUROBINDO PHARMA  LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER  
(To be filled by the Eligible Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
DP ID   Client ID   
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs.   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In 
Figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Client ID No. &  DP ID  No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Stock Broker   
 
  
15. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):  
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is applicable)   NSDL   CDSL  
Name of the Depository Participant   
DP ID No.   
Client ID No. with the DP   
16. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) Of the Holder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   Email ID of 
Sole/First 
Equity 
Shareholder   
* Non -individual Shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant authorization should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
17. Applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders only:  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback accordance with prevailing income tax law s in India. I / We also undertake to 
indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback of  shares by me / us . I / We undertake to return to the Company any 
consideration in respect of the Buyback that may be wrongfully received by me/us.  
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any , and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including 
approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“ FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations framed there 
under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicabl e, under the FEMA and any other rules, 
regulations and guide lines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS  
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
1. This Buyback  will open on Thurs day, A pril 23 , 2026 and close on Wednes day, A pril 2 9, 2026. 
2. Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in dematerialized form under the Buyback would have to do so t hrough their respective Seller Member by 
indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback offer. For further details, please see the procedure as specified in the section entitled “ Procedure 
for Tendering Shares and Settlement ” in paragraph 20 on page no. 60 of the Letter of Offer.  
3. Eligible  Shareholders may submit their duly filled Tender Form to the office of Registrar to the Buyback Offer (as mentioned in paragraph 20  (Procedure for Tendering Shares 
and Settlement)  of the Letter of Offer) only post placing the bid via the Seller Member.  
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process of getting the successor company 
as the registered Shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy of the following documents: (i ) Approval from the appropriate 
authority for such merger; (ii) The scheme of merger; and (iii) The requisite form filed with MCA i ntimating the merger.  
5. The Buyback shall be rejected for Shareholders in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents, but non -receipt of Shares in the special account of 
the Clearing Corporation or a non -receipt of valid bid in the exchange bidding system.  
6. The shares in the Offer would be liable to be rejected if (i) the tenderer is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as o n the Record Date (ii) if there is a name and PAN 
mismatch in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder (iii) in the event of non -receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents from the Eligible Shareholders 
who were holding shares in physical form as on t he Record Date and have placed their bid in dematerialized form.  
7. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of  return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to 
prorated Buyback as may be decided by the Company / Registrar to the Buyback, i n accordance with the Buyback Regulations.  
8. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Offer is made are free to tender shares to the extent of their Entitlement in whole or in part or in excess of their Entitlement, but not exceeding 
their holding as on Record Date.  
9. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to safeguard adequat ely their interests in this regard.  
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback,  each Eligible Shareholder  (including the Non-Resident Shareholder ) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory / statutory filings 
and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form FC -TRS. Further, by agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby (a) 
authorises t he Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, fo r making any regulato ry / statutory 
filings and compliances on behalf of such Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company for making any such regulatory / statutory filings 
and compliances . 
11. Non -Resident Shareholders must obtain  and submit  all necessary approvals , if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the RBI 
under FEMA and the rules and regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake t o comply with the reporting req uirements, if 
applicable, under the FEMA and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India . 
12. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the Buyback by providing their  application in plain paper in writing 
signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client 
ID number, DP Name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback . 
13. Eligible Sellers have to fill up the EVENT number issued by Depositary in the column for settlement details along with the ma rket type as “Buyback”, ISIN, Quantity of shares and 
CM BP ID of broker and execution date in the Delivery Instruction Slips (DIS) so that Equity Shares can be tendered for Buyback Offer  
14. For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form , the Tender Form and TRS is not required to be submitted to the Company, Manager or the 
Registrar. After the receipt of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form by the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the Buyback shall be 
deemed to have been accepted for the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form.  
 
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THE FOL LOWING ADDRESS QUOTING 
YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre: Aurobindo Pharma  Limited - Buyback offer  
KFin  Technologies  Limited   
Selenium Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli, Financial District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
Contact Person : M Murali Krishna ; Tel. no. : +91 40 6716 2222 ; Fax no. : +91 40 6716 1563 ; Tollfree No .:18003094001  
E-mail : aurobindo.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website : www.kfintech.com ; Investor Grievance Email : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221 ; CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072   
 
 TENDER FORM  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (FOR ELIGIBLE  SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM)  
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are requested to refer to paragraph 20. 26 of the Letter of Offer titled ‘Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical form ’, for details regarding permissibility of acceptance of Equity Shares held in physical form and for details regarding the pro cedure for 
tendering, before submitting the Tender Form and Securities Transfer Form with respect to Equity Shares held in physical  form.  
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2026  
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29,  2026  
 For Registrar use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
     
    
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
  Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
  Foreign Co .  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
  Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
  VCF  Partnership/LLP   Mutual fund  
  Others (Specify)      
To, India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
The Board of Directors,  
AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED  
C/o. KFin Technologies Limited  
.  
Selenium Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli,  
Financial District Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
Tel. no.: +91 40 6716 2222   Resident in India   Non -Resident in India   Resident of 
_____________  
(Shareholder to fill 
country of residence)  
 Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
  Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign Investment Scheme  
Dear Sir / Madam , 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated Tuesday, A pril 21, 202 6 in relation to the buyback of up to 5 4,23,728 (Fifty Four  Lakh T wenty  Three  Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty Eight only) 
Equity Shares of Aurobindo Pharma Limited (hereinafter referred as “the Company”) at a price of ₹ 1,475/- (Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and S eventy Five  only) per Equity 
Share (“Buyback Price”) payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated Tuesday, A pril 2 1, 202 6 issued by the Company) hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the Equity 
Shares.  
3. I / We hereby affirm  that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable inter est, charges and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits / restricts in any ma nner my/ our right to tender Equity Shares for Buyback 
and that I / we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provis ions of Buyback Regulations and circulars issued by 
SEBI.  
6. I / We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback where loss of share certificates  has been notified to the Company.  
7. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of the documents and tha t the consideration will be paid as per secondary 
market mechanism to first named Eligible Shareholder.   
8. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
9. I / We authorize the Company to issue a Letter of Confirmation (“ LOC”) for the unaccepted Equity shares in case only a portion of the physical shares held by me is accepted in 
the Buyback.  
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree to 
abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accor dance with the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations, the extant applicable foreign 
exchange regulations and any other applicable laws.  
11. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is on me/us. I / We agree  to compute gains on this transaction and immediately 
pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our cu stodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
12. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on  buyback of shares. I / We also undertake to 
provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxabilit y of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in 
India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for .  
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date ( Friday, April 17 , 202 6)    
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback (Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note:  An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares validl y tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full ex tent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the Buyback Entitlement 
of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any 
Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall  not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
14. Details of Share Certificate(s) enclosed:      Total No. of Share Certificates Submitted:  
Sr. No.  Folio No.  Share Certificate No.  Distinctive No(s)  No. of Shares  
   From  To  
      
      
Total    
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 3 nos., Please attach a separate sheet giving details in the same format as above.  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: AUROBINDO PHARMA  LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER  
(To be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
Folio No.   
Received from Mr./ Ms./Mrs.   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Folio No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Broker  
 
  
15. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):  
Name of the Bank  Branch and City  IFSC and MICR Code  Account Number (indicate type of account)  
    
16. Details of other Documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:  
 Power of Attorney   Previous RBI approvals for acquiring the Equity Shares hereby tendered in the Buyback  
 Death Certificate   Succession Certificate  
 Self-attested copy of PAN   Corporate authorisations  
 TRS  Others (please specify)  
17. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) Of the Holder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity Shareholder   
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity Shareholder   Email ID of Sole/First  
 Equity Shareholder   
* Non-individual Shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign.  The relevant authorisation should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
18. Applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback and taxable in accordance with prevailing  income tax laws in India within 7th day of the 
succeeding months in which the Shares are bought back by the Company. I / We also u ndertake to indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned 
on such Buyback of shares by me / us.  I / We undertake to return to the Company any consideration in respect of the Buyback that may be wrongfully received by me/u s. 
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any , and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including 
approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“ FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations framed there under, for 
tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under th e FEMA and any other rules, regulations and 
guide lines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.  
INSTRUCTIONS  
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
1. This Buyback  will open on Thurs day, A pril 23, 2026 and close on Wednes day, A pril 29, 2026. 
2. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this Buyback Offer should submit the following do cuments to their Sell er Member, who in turn would 
deliver the said documents along with the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) to the Registrar; the documents should be sent to the Registrar only after the placement of a valid 
bid; non -submission of the below mentioned document s directly to the Registrar shall result in the rejection of the tendered Equity Shares: (i) The Tender Form  duly signed (by all 
Equity Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) the same order in which they hold the shares. (ii) Original share cert ificates (iii) Valid share transfer form(s) (SH -4) duly filled 
and signed by the transferors (i.e. , by all registered Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Company / Registrar) and duly witnessed 
at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour  of the Company (iv) Self -attested copy of the Permanent Account Number (PAN) Card (by all Eligible Shareholders in 
case shares are in joint names). (v) Any other relevant documents such as (but not limited to): Duly attested Power of Attorn ey if any perso n other than the Equity Shareholder 
has signed the relev ant Tender Form, Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or probated will, as applicable, if the origi nal Shareholder has deceased, 
necessary corporate authorisations, such as board resolutions e tc., in case of companies. (vi) In addition to the above, if the address of the Shareholder has undergone a change 
from the address registered in the Register of Members of the Company, the Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of ad dress proof consisting of any one 
of the following documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport.  
3. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process of getting the successor company 
as the registered Shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form file a copy of the following documents: (i) Appro val from the appropriate authority 
for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger and (iii) the requisite form filed with MCA intimatin g the merger.  
4. Eligible Shareholders whom the Buyback Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their Entitlement in whole or in part or in excess of their Entitlement, but 
not exceeding the number of Shares held by them as on Record Date.  
5. All documents / remittances sent by or to Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk and the Eligible Shareholders are a dvised to adequately safeguard their interests in this 
regard.  
6. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the offer by providing their a pplication in plain paper in writing signed 
by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name, a ddress, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity Share certificate number, number of Equity Shares 
tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy of Eli gible Shareholder’s PA N card(s) and executed share 
transfer form in favour of the Company. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requis ite documents, reach the Registrar to the Buyback 
on or before the Buyback Closing Date , i.e., Wednesday, April 29,  2026 by 5:00 pm (IST).  
7. For procedure followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering shares in the buyback offer, please refer to paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) of the 
Letter of Offer.  
8. All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form otherwise the shares will be liable for rejecti on. The shares shall be liable for rejection on the 
following grounds amongst others: (a) If any other company share certificates a re enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share certificate of the Company; (b) Non -
submission of Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate / probated / Will, as applicable in case any Eli gible Shareholder has deceased ; (c) If th e Eligible 
Shareholder(s) bid the shares but the Registrar does not receive the physical share certificate; or (d) In case the signature  in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 doesn’t match as per 
the specimen signature recorded with Company / Registrar ; (e) If necessary corporate authorizations under official stamp are not accompanied with Tender Form; (f) If the 
transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders ; (g) the Form SH -4 is not witnes sed  
9. The Equity Shares tendered in the buyback shall be rejected if (i) the Shareholder is not a Eligible Shareholder of the Compa ny on the Record Date; or (ii) if there is a name mismatch 
in the share certificate of the Shareholder; or (iii) where there exists  any restraint order of a Court/ any other competent authority for transfer / disposal/ sale; or (iv) or where 
the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists; or (v) the docu ments mentioned in t he Tender Form for Eligible 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or before the close of business hour s of Wednesday, April 29,  2026 by 5:00 pm (IST). 
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback , each Eligible Shareholder (including each Non -Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory / statutory filings 
and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form FC -TRS. Further, by agreeing to partici pate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby (a) 
authorises the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if necessary, to be undertaken by the  Company, for making any regulatory / statutory filings 
and compliances o n behalf of such Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company for making any such regul atory / statutory filings and 
compliances.   
11. Non -Resident Shareholders must obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from  the Reserve 
Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“ FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the 
Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA and any other rules, reg ulations and guidelines, in regard to r emittance of 
funds outside India.  
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THIS AD DRESS:  
Investor Service Centre: Aurobindo Pharma Limited - Buyback offer  
KFin Technologies Limited   
Selenium Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 Gachibowli, Financial District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500032  
Contact Person : M Murali Krishna; Tel. no. : +91 40 6716 2222 ; Fax no. : +91 40 6716 1563;  Toll free No .:18003094001  
E-mail : aurobindo.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website : www.kfintech.com ; Investor Grievance Email : einward.ris@kfintech.com   
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221 ; CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072   
 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 2014  
 
Date of execution:   /  / 2026 
 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION  stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named the securities 
specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s ) do 
hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 2 4 2 3 9 T G 1 9 8 6 P L C 0 1 5 1 9 0 
 
Name of the company (in full):  Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  
 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is 
listed, (if any):  BSE Limited  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES  
Kind/ class of securities  
(1) Nominal value of each unit of 
security (2)  Amount called up per unit of 
security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity Share  ₹ 1/- ₹ 1/-  ₹ 1/-  
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received ( ₹) 
In Figures  In words  In words  In Figures  
    
Distinctive Number  From       
To      
Corresponding 
Certificate Nos.        
 
Transferor’s Particulars  
 
Registered Folio Number   
 
Name(s) in full and PAN (attach copy of pan card)    Seller Signature(s)  
1.      
2.     
3.     
 
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness  :   
Name of the Witness  :   
 
Address of the Witness  :  
   
 
  
 
 Transferee’s Particulars  
 
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse Name (2)  Address & E -mail id (3)  
Aurobindo Pharma  Limited  Not Applicable  Address : Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, 
Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038, 
Telangana, India  
 
Email : info@aurobindo.com  
 
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business    
 
Folio No. of Transferee   Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
 
 
Value of stamp affixed:  ₹  
 
Enclosures:  
1.  Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2.  If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment  
3.  Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4.  Others, specify,  ______________________________________  
 
For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by   
 
Signature Tallied by   
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on   
 
 vide Transfer no   
 
Approval Date   
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death Certificate / Letter of Administration  
 
Registered on   at 
 
No  
 
  1.   
2.  
3.  
 
 
STAMPS  
 
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
 
Name of the Transferor   Name of the Transferee   No. of shares   Date of Transfer  
 
 
 
Signature of the authorized signatory  