 
Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India             CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076  
  investors@bajajauto.co.in  
 
 
29 June  2026  
To 
Corporate Relations Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Tower  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  To 
Corporate Relations Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
Plot No.C -1, G Block  
Bandra -Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
BSE Code:  532977  NSE Code : BAJAJ -AUTO  
 
Sub:  Letter of Offer in relation to the buyback of fully paid -up equity shares of Bajaj 
Auto Limited (“Company”).  
Dear Sir/  Madam,  
This has reference to our letter dated 22 June 2026 , wherein  we had  submitted the public 
announcement dated 19 June 2026 , which was published on 22 June 2026 , in relation to the 
buyback of up to 46,94,000  (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand ) fully paid -up equity shares 
of the Company , having  face value of INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten only) each (“ Equity 
Shares ”), at a price of INR 12,000 /- (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share,  
payable in cash, for an aggregate amount of up to INR 5,632,80,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees Five 
Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore and Eighty Lakh  only)  (excluding Transaction Costs), 
on a proportionate basis through the tender offer route  in accordance with the Companies Act, 
2013, as amended, and rules made thereunder , the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“ Buyback Regulations ”) and other 
applicable laws (“ Buyback ”). 
We are pleased to submit herewith  the letter of offer dated 29 June 2026 (“ Letter of Offer ”) 
for your reference and dissemination.   
You are requested to take note of the following schedule of activities in relation to the Buyback:  
Note : Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the 
respective last dates .  
All capitalised terms used herein and not specifically defined shall have the same meaning as 
ascribed to such terms in the Letter of Offer . 
This is for your information and record s. ACTIVITY  DATE  DAY  
Buyback Opening Date  1 July 2026  Wednesday  
Buyback Closing Date  7 July 2026  Tuesday  
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms and 
other specified documents by the Registrar to the 
Buyback   7 July 2026  Tuesday  
Last date of settlement of bids on the Stock 
Exchanges  14 July 2026  Tuesday  
 
Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India             CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076  
  investors@bajajauto.co.in  
 
 
Thanking you . 
For Bajaj Auto  Limited  
 
 
 
_________________________  
Rajiv Gandhi  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ACS  11263  
 
Encl. : As above  
 
 
LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
This Letter of Offer (as defined below ) is being sent to you as a registered equity shareholder / beneficial owner  of Equity Shares (as defined below ) of Bajaj Auto Limited (“ Company ”) as 
on the Record Date (as defined below ) in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended  (“Buyback Regulations ”). If 
you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you may consult your stockbroker or investment consultant or the Manager to the Buyback (as defined below ), or the Registrar 
to the Buyback  (as defined below ). Please refer to the section on “Definition of Key Terms”  for the definitions of the capitalized terms used herein.  
 
 
 
 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED  
Registered Office : Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035;  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN):  L65993PN2007PLC130076; Tel: 020 -6610 4481 ; Fax: 020 -2740 7380;  
Email : investors@bajajauto.co.in ; Website : www.bajajauto.com  
Contact  Person : Mr . Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
OFFER TO BUYBACK UP TO 46,94,000  (FORTY SIX LAKH NINETY FOUR THOUSAND ) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY HAVING FACE VALUE OF  INR 10/ - 
(INDIAN RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”), REPRESENTING UP TO 1.68% OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES IN THE PAID -UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL 
OF THE COMPANY, FROM THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF EQUITY SHARES  AS ON WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 2026 (“RECORD DATE”), ON A 
PROPORTIONATE BASIS THROUGH THE TENDER OFFER ROUTE  AS PRESCRIBED UNDER THE BUYBACK REGULATIONS, AT A PRICE OF INR 12,000/ - (INDIAN RUPEES TWELVE 
THOUSAND ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE, PAYABLE IN CASH, FOR AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF UP TO INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (INDIAN RUPEES FIVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED 
THIRTY TWO CRORE AND EIGHTY LAKH  ONLY) EXCLUDING TRANSACTION COSTS  (“BUYBACK”) . 
1) The Buyback  is being undertak en pursuant to Article 40 of the Articles of Association of the Company  and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act , the relevant rules framed thereunder including the Share Capital Rules and the Management and Administration Rules , and in compliance with the Listing 
Regulations , to the extent appli cable,  the Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI Circular s, and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as 
may be necessary and subject to any conditions and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the statutory, r egulatory or governmental authorities as required under 
applicable l aws, including but not limited to SEBI , ROC , the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed i.e., BSE and NSE, and/ or other authorities, institutions or bodies, as 
may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescri bed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, 
which may be agreed by the Board.  
2) The Buyback Size constitutes 16.93 % and 15.59% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone 
financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, respectively, which i s within the statutory limit of 25% of the aggregate of 
the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the audited standalone financial statements and audited con solidated finan cial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, under the shareholders’ approval route as per the provisions of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations , and represents u p to 1.68 % of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026.  
3) In accordance with the Buyback Regulations, this Letter of Offer is being sent electronically to the equity shareholders/ ben eficial owners holding Equity Shares of the Company as on 
the Record Date (“ Eligible Shareholders ”). Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Sha reholder to dispatch 
a copy of this Letter of Offer in physical form, the same shall be provided.  
4) The procedure for tender and settlement is set out in paragraph 20 ( Procedure for Tender ing Shares  and Settlement ) of this Letter of Offer. The Form of Acceptance -cum -
Acknowledgement (“ Tender Form ”) along with the share transfer form (“ Form SH -4”) is enclosed together with this Letter of Offe r. 
5) For details of the procedure for Acceptance, please refer to paragraph 19 ( Process and Methodology for the Buyback ) of this Letter of Offer.  For mode of payment of consideration to 
the Eligible Shareholders, please refer to paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement ) of this Letter of Offer.  
6) Eligible Shareholders are advised to read this Letter of Offer and in particular, refer to paragraph 17 ( Details of Statutory Approvals ) and paragraph 21 ( Note on Taxation ) of th is Letter 
of Offer before tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
7) A copy of the Public Announcement  and this Letter of Offer (along with the Tender Form and Form SH -4) shall be / expected to be  available on the websites of the Company 
(www.bajajauto.com ), the Manager to the Buyback  (https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ), Registrar to the Buyback (https://karisma.kfintech.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) and NSE ( www.nseindia.com ). 
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited  
Address : 27BKC, 1st Floor, Plot No. C -27, ‘G’ Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051  
Contact Person : Mr . Ganesh Rane  
Tel. No.:  +91 22 4336 0758 ; Fax No.:  +91 22 6713 2447  
Email:  bal.buyback@kotak.com ; Website : https://investmentbank.kotak.com/  
SEBI Registration Number : INM000008704 ; Validity Period : Permanent Registration  
CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050   
KFin Technologies Limited  
Address : Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person : Mr . M. Murali Krishna  
Tel. No.:  +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001 ; Fax No.:  +91 40 6716 1563  
Email:  bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website:  www.kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance E -mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221 ; Validity Period:  Permanent Registration  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
BUYBACK PROGRAMME  
BUYBACK OPENS ON  WEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 2026  
BUYBACK CLOSES ON  TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2026  
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED 
DOCUMENTS BY THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ON OR BEFORE 5.00 PM (IST) ON TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2026  
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT  
CATEGORY OF ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  RATIO OF BUYBACK (i.e., BUYBACK  ENTITLEMENT)# 
RESERVED CATEGORY FOR SMALL SHAREHOLDERS  17 EQUITY SHARES FOR EVERY 61 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
GENERAL CATEGORY FOR ALL OTHER ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  17 EQUITY SHARE S FOR EVERY 525 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
# The ratio of Buyback indicated above is approximate and provides an indication of the Buyback Entitlement. Any computation of  entitled Equity Shares using the above ratio of Buyback 
may provide a slightly different number than the actual entitlement due to  rounding  off. The actual Buyback Entitlement for Reserved Category for Small Shareholders 
is 27.8916657753693 % and General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders is 3.23811888982491 %. Also, the numbers arrived at using the actual Buyback Entitlement may not conform 
exactly to the Buyback Entitlement printed in the Tender Form due to rounding  off factor.  For further information on ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each category, 
please refer  to paragraph s 19.5 and 19.6 of this Letter of Offer.  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS GIVEN BELOW:   
1) Click on kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma /buybackofferv2.aspx  
2) Select the name of the Company  – Bajaj Auto Limited  
3) Select holding type - “Physical” or “NSDL” or “CDSL”  
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your “Folio Number” or “NSDL DPID/Client ID” or “CDSL Client ID”  
5) Enter the Security code and click on Submit  
6) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ’ 
* In addition to the Company’s contact details provided above, the investors may reach out to the Investor Service Centre of KF in Technologies Limited for any queries at  +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001  and 
bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  or einward.ris@kfintech.com , details of which are also included at paragraph 27 (Details of the Investor Service Centre) of this Letter of Offer.  

 
2 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 3 
2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 4 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  9 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  ................................ .....................  11 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  ................................ ................................ .................  24 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 25 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ...........................  28 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .............................  28 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE 
COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  28 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  ................................ ................................ ...... 31 
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ..............  33 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  33 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN  ................................ ..........................  34 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY  ................................ ................................ .............  48 
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  ................................ ..............................  59 
16. STOCK MARKET DATA  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  61 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ...................  64 
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRE  ............................  65 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ..............................  66 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  ................................ ....................  72 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  85 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................  89 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR’S REPORT  ................................ ................................ .........................  90 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ............................  94 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  ................................ ................................ ...............  95 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  ................................ ..........  95 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE  ................................ ................................ ........  96 
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ..... 96 
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................ .......................  97 
OFFER FORM  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 98 
 
  
 
3 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  
 
Sr. 
No. Activity  Date  Day 
1.  Date of Board Meeting approving the proposal of the 
Buyback  May 6, 2026  Wednesday  
2.  Date of declaration of the results of the postal ballot for 
passing special resolution by the Equity Shareholders of the 
Company, approving the Buyback  June 18, 2026   Thursday  
3.  Date of Public Announcement for the Buyback  June 19, 2026  Friday  
4.  Date of publication of the Public Announcement for the 
Buyback  June 22, 2026  Monday  
5.  Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement and 
the names of Eligible Shareholders  June 24, 2026  Wednesday  
6.  Last date for dispatch of Letter of Offer  June 29, 2026  Monday  
7.  Buyback Opening Date  July 1, 2026  Wednesday  
8.  Buyback Closing Date  July 7, 2026  Tuesday  
9.  Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms and other 
specified documents including physical share certificates (if 
and as applicable) by the Registrar to the Buyback  July 7, 2026  Tuesday  
10.  Last date of completion of verification of Tender Forms by 
the Registrar to the Buyback  July 10, 2026  Friday  
11.  Last date of providing Acceptance/ Non -acceptance of 
tendered Equity Shares to the Stock Exchanges by the 
Registrar to the Buyback  July 13, 2026  Monday  
12.  Last date of settlement of bids on the Stock Exchanges  July 14, 2026  Tuesday  
13.  Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) by the Registrar 
to the Buyback/ return of unaccepted demat Equity Shares 
by Stock Exchanges to Seller Member/ Eligible 
Shareholders  July 14, 2026  Tuesday  
14.  Last date of extinguishment of Equity Shares bought back  July 23, 2026  Thursday  
Note : Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the respective 
last dates.  
  
 
4 2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  
 
This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context 
otherwise indicates or implies or specifies otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided 
below. References to any legislations, acts, regulations, rules, circulars or notifications shall be 
to such acts, regulations, rules, circulars or notifications as amended, supplemented, or re -
enacted from time to time  and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any 
subordinate legislation made from time to time unde r that provision.  
 
The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer but  not defined herein shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms under the Buyback Regulations, the Act , the Depositories Act, 
1996,  as amended,  and the rules and regulations made thereunder.  
 
Term  Description  
Acceptance or Accept or 
Accepted  Acceptance of Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders 
in the Buyback  
Acquisition Window  The facility for acquisition of Equity Shares through mechanism 
provided by the Stock Exchanges  (i.e., BSE and NSE ) in the form 
of separate window s in accordance with the SEBI Circulars  
Act/ Companies Act  The Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder 
(including any statutory modifications or amendments thereof)  
Additional Equity Shares  Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder 
over and above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible 
Shareholder not exceeding the Equity Shares held by such 
Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date  
Articles or Articles of 
Association  Articles of Association of the Company , as amended  
Board or Board of 
Directors  Board of Directors of the Company , which expression shall 
include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its 
powers , including the powers conferred by the resolution 
passed by the Board at its meeting held on Wednesday, May 6, 
2026  
Board Meeting  Meeting of the Board held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026 , 
approving the Buyback  
BSE BSE Limited  
Buyback or Buyback 
Offer  or Offer  Offer to buyback up to  46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four 
Thousand) Equity Shares  at a price of INR 12,000 /- (Indian 
Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share , payable in 
cash, for an aggregate amount of up to INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - 
(Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore 
and Eighty Lakh  only) excluding Transaction Co sts, from the 
Eligible Shareholders on a proportionate basis through the 
Tender Offer route as prescribed under the Buyback 
Regulations read with the SEBI Circulars using the Stock 
Exchange Mechanism  
Buyback Closing Date  Tuesday , July 7, 2026, being the last date up to which the 
tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders will be 
allowed  
Buyback Committee or 
Committee  The buyback committee , comprising of Mr. Niraj Bajaj 
(Chairman and Non -Executive Non -Independent Director), Mr . 
Rajiv Bajaj (Managing Director and CEO), Mr . Pradip Shah (Non -
 
5 Term  Description  
Executive Director), Mr . S Ravikumar (Chief Business 
Development Officer) and Mr . Dinesh Thapar (Chief Financial 
Officer),  constituted and authori zed for the purposes of the 
Buyback by a resolution passed by the Board at its meeting held 
on Wednesday, May 6, 2026  
Buyback Entitlement  or 
Entitlement  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is 
entitled to tender in the Buyback , based on the number of 
Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the 
Record Date and the ratio / percentage  of Buyback applicable to 
the category to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs  (Note : 
Since the Promoters and Promoter Group have declared their 
intention to not participate in the Buyback, Equity Shares held 
by them have not been considered for the purposes of 
computing the entitlement ratio)  
Buyback Offer Size or 
Buyback Size or Offer 
Size Maximum n umber of Equity Shares proposed to be bought 
back, i.e. , up to 46,94,000  (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four 
Thousand ) Equity Shares , multiplied by the Buyback Price i.e., 
INR 12,000 /- (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity 
Share , aggregating to an amount of up to INR 5,632,80,00,000 /- 
(Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore 
and Eighty Lakh  only). The Buyback Size excludes Transaction 
Costs . 
Buyback Opening Date  Wednesday , July 1, 2026,  being the date from which the 
tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders will be 
allowed  
Buyback Price  Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the 
Eligible Shareholders i.e., INR 12,000 /- (Indian Rupees Twelve 
Thousand only) per Equity Share, payable in cash  
Buyback Period  The period commencing from the date of declaration of the 
results of the postal ballot for special resolution approving the 
Buyback i.e., June 18, 2026 , until the date  on which  the 
payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders for the 
Equity Shares bought back by the Company is made  
Buyback Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CIN Corporate Identification  Number  
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited or the NSE Clearing Limited  
“Company” or “Our 
Company” or “we” or 
“us” or “our”  Bajaj Auto Limited  
Company Broker  JM Financial Services Limited  
Company Demat Account  A demat account of the Company to which Demat Shares 
bought back in the Buyback would be transferred  
Compliance Officer  Mr. Rajiv Gandhi  
Demat Shares  Equity Share(s) of the Company in dematerialised form  
Depositories  CDSL and NSDL  
Designated Stock BSE 
 
6 Term  Description  
Exchange  
DIN Director Identification Number  
DP Depository Participant  
Director(s)  Director(s) of the Company  
DTAA  Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement  
Eligible Shareholders  Equity S hareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback and 
would mean  all Equity Shareholders/ beneficial owners of the 
Equity Shares, who hold Equity Shares  as on the Record Date, 
being Wednesday , June 24, 2026, and do not include such 
Equity Shareholders/ beneficial owners  of the Equity Shares 
who are not permitted under the applicable law to tender 
Equity Shares in the Buyback  
EPS Earnings  Per Share  
Equity Shares or Shares  Fully paid -up equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten  only ) each  
Equity Shareholder (s) or 
Shareholder (s) Holders of Equity Shares and includes beneficial owners thereof  
Escrow Account  The Escrow Account bearing the name and title “Bajaj Auto 
Limited Buyback 2026 – Escrow Account ” opened with the 
Escrow Agent in terms of Escrow Agreement  
Escrow Agent  Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited  
Escrow Agreement  The escrow agreement dated June 18, 2026 entered into 
amongst the Company, the Manager and the Escrow Agent  
ESOP  Employee Stock Option  
FATCA  Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
FEMA  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended , 
including the rules, regulations, circulars, directions and 
notification s issued thereunder  
FII(s)  Foreign Institution al Investor (s) 
FPI(s)  Foreign Portfolio Investor (s) 
General Category  Eligible Shareholders other than the Small Shareholders  
HUF  Hindu Undivided Family  
IDT Inter Depository Tender Offer  
Income Tax Act or ITA  The Income -tax Act, 2025  
Income Tax Rules  Income -tax Rules, 2026  
IPV In person verification  
KRA  KYC Registration Agency  
LEI Legal Entity Identifier  
Letter of Offer / LOF  This letter of offer dated June 29, 2026 containing disclosures 
in relation to the Buyback as specified in Schedule III of the 
Buyback Regulations  
Listing  Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended  
“Manager to the 
Buyback” or “Manager to Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited  
 
7 Term  Description  
the Offer” or “Manager”  
Management and 
Administration Rules  Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as 
amended  
MCA Circulars  General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs read along with other 
connected circulars issued from time to time in this regard  
Memorandum of 
Association or MOA  Memorandum of Association of the Company, as amended 
from time to time  
MLI Multilateral Instrument  
N.A./ NA  Not applicable  
NRI Non -Resident Indian  
Non -Resident 
Shareholders  Eligible Shareholders residing outside India including NRIs , 
foreign corporate bodies (including erstwhile OCBs ), FIIs/ FPIs, 
members of foreign nationality, etc.  
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
OCB  Overseas Corporate Bodies  
OSV  Original seen and verified  
PAN  Permanent Account Number  
Promoter s and Promoter 
Group  The promoter s and members of the promoter group of the 
Company , as have been disclosed under the filings made  under 
the Listing Regulations and the Takeover Regulations  
Public Announcement or 
PA The public announcement dated June 19, 2026 made in 
accordance with the Buyback  Regulations, published on 
Monday, June 22, 2026  in the newspapers set out in paragraph 
5 (Details of Public Announcement ) of this Letter of Offer  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
Record Date  The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback 
Entitlement and the names of the Eligible Shareholders to 
whom the Letter of Offer (including the Tender Form) will be 
sent, and who are eligible to participate in the Buyback in 
accordance with the Buyba ck Regulations. The Record Date for 
the Buyback is Wednesday, June 24, 2026  
“Registrar to the 
Buyback” or “Registrar to 
the Offer” or “Registrar”  
or “Registrar and 
Transfer Agent”  KFin Technologies Limited  
Reserved Category  The Small Shareholders  eligible to tender Equity Shares in the 
Buyback  
ROC  Relevant Registrar of Companies  
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Circulars  SEBI circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 
read with the SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dat ed March 8, 2023 , 
 
8 Term  Description  
including any amendments or statutory modifications for the 
time being in force  
Seller Member(s)  The stockbroker (who is member of the NSE and/or BSE) of an 
Eligible Shareholder through whom the order for selling the 
Equity Shares of Eligible Shareholders will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window  
Share Capital Rules  Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as 
amended  
Small Shareholder  As defined under Regulation 2(i )(n) of the Buyback Regulations 
and in relation to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder 
who holds Equity Shares of market value of not more than 
INR 2,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Lakh only), on the basis of 
closing price on the recognized stock exchange registering the 
highest trading volume as on the Record Date  
Stock Exchanges  Collectively , BSE and NSE  
Stock Exchange 
Mechanism  The “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock 
Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back 
and Delisting” notified by SEBI Circulars  
STT Securities Transaction Tax  
Takeover Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition 
of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended  
TDS Tax deduction at source  
Tender Form  Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement  
Tender Offer  Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 2(i)(q) of the 
Buyback Regulations  
Tendering Period  or Offer 
Period  Period of 5 ( five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date  
i.e., Wednesday, July 1, 2026 , till the Buyback Closing Date i.e., 
Tuesday, July 7 , 2026  (both days inclusive)  
TRC Tax Residency Certificate  
TRS Transaction Registration Slip  
Transaction Costs  Transaction costs in connection with the Buyback viz. brokerage 
costs, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as securities 
transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc., 
expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing 
fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, public ann ouncement 
publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other 
incidental and related expenses, etc . 
Working Day  Working day as defined under Regulation 2(i)(s) of the Buyback 
Regulations  
 
2.1 Certain conventions, currency of presentation, use of financial information and stock 
market data  
 
Page Numbers and Paragraph Numbers  
 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to page numbers and paragraph numbers in this Letter 
of Offer are to page numbers and paragraph numbers of this Letter of Offer.  
 
 
 
9 Currency and Units of Presentation  
 
All references to “₹”, “Rupee(s)” , “INR”, or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of 
the Republic of India.  
 
Financial and Other Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, our financial information in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 202 6, March 31, 2025,  and March 31, 
2024. 
 
The Company’s fiscal year commences on April 1 of each year and ends on March 31 of the 
next year  (referred to herein as “ Financial Year ” or “ FY”). All data related to financials are 
given in INR crore unless otherwise stated.  
 
Stock Market Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, stock market data included in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from the website s of BSE and NSE, as applicable.  
 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
 
3.1 As required under the Buyback Regulations, a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted 
to SEBI. It is to be distinctly understood that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should 
not, in any way, be deemed or construed that the same has been cl eared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of the Company to 
meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in this Letter of Offer. The Manager to t he Buyback i.e., Kotak Mahindra Capital 
Company Limited, has certified that the disclosures made in this Letter of Offer are generally 
adequate and are in conformity with the provisions of the Act and Buyback Regulations. This 
requirement is to facilitate Eligible Shareholders to take an informed decision for tendering 
their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
 
It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the 
correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in this Letter of Offer, the 
Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure that the Company 
discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose, the Manager to the 
Buyback i.e., Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited, has furnished to SEBI a due diligence 
certificate dated  June 29, 2026 in accordance with Buyback Regulations which reads as 
follows:  
 
“We have examined various documents and materials relevant to the Buyback , as part of 
the due -diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization of the public 
announcement dated June 19, 2026 for the Buyback (“ Public Announcement ”) which was 
published on June 22, 2026  and the letter of offer dated June 29, 2026 (“Letter of Offer ”). 
On the basis of such examination and the discussions with the Company, we hereby state 
that: 
 
• the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the 
documents, materials and papers relevant to the Buyback;  
 
 
10 • all the legal requirements connected with the said Buyback including the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended, have been duly complied with;  
 
• the disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best 
of our knowledge, true, fair and adequate in all material respects for the Eligible 
Shareholders to make a well informed decision in respect of the Buyback;  and 
 
• funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
as amended.”  
 
3.2 The filing of this Letter of Offer with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any 
liabilities under the provisions of the Act or from the requirement of obtaining such statutory 
or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback.  
 
3.3 The Promoter s and Promoter Group  and the Board declare and confirm that no information / 
material  likely to have a bearing on the decision of Eligible Shareholders has been suppressed/ 
withheld and/ or incorporated in the manner that would amount to mis -statement/ mis -
representation and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that any info rmation / 
material  has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or amounts to a mis -statement/ mis -
representation, the members of the Promoter s and Promoter Group  and the  Board  and the 
Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the  Act and the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
3.4 The Board also declare s and confirm s that funds borrowed from banks and financial 
institutions will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
3.5 Disclaimer for persons from the United States of America  
 
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are 
not US Persons as defined in Regulations of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
who are not physically present in the United States of America. This Le tter of Offer does not 
in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in the United States 
of America or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful  to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about , and 
to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.6 Disclaimer for persons in foreign countries other than the United States of America  
 
This Letter of Offer has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. 
This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation  would subject the Company or the 
Manager to the Buyback to a new or additional requirements or registration . Potential users 
of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions . 
 
3.7 Important Notice to All Equity Shareholders  
 
This Letter of Offer has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the Buyback 
Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would 
 
11 have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and 
regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager to the Buyback 
are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date 
of this Letter of Offer.  This Letter of Offer shall be sent through the electronic mode to all 
Eligible Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company, as of 
the Record Date, as per the Buyback Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as 
may be applicable . Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, if the 
Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of this Letter of 
Offer in physical form, the same shall be provided.  However, receipt of this Letter of Offer by 
Equity Shareholder s in a jurisdiction in which it would  be illegal to make this Tender Offer, or 
where making this Tender Offer would require any action to be taken (including, but not 
restricted to, registration of the Letter of Offer under any local securities laws), shall not be 
treated by such Equity Shareholders as an offer being made to them. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and 
to observe any such restrictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity 
Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed 
that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, 
regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
 
3.8 Forward Looking Statements  
 
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking 
statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘project ’, ‘will’, ‘will continue’, ‘will 
pursue’ or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our 
strategies, objectives, plans or goals are also forward -looking statements. All forward -looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertai nties and assumptions about the Company that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward -
looking statement.  
 
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due 
to risks or uncertainties associated with expectations relating to, inter alia , regulatory changes 
pertaining to the industries in which the Company operates and its ability to respond to them, 
the Company’s ability to successfully implement its strategy, its growth and expansion, 
technological changes, exposure to market risks, gen eral economic and political conditions in 
India or other key markets where it operates  which have an impact on its business activities 
or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the 
performance of the fina ncial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, 
regulations and taxes and changes in competition in the industries in which the Company 
operates.  
 
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer , including financial information, have been 
subject to rounding  off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to 2 (two) decimal 
points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not 
conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row 
in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row.  
 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  
 
The Buyback has been authorized and approved  by the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on  Wednes day, May  6, 2026. The text of the resolution passed by the Board is  as follows:  
 
12  
Quote  
 
1. Approval for the Buyback of Equity Shares of the Company  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to Article 40 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the 
provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended (hereinafter called the “ Act”), applicable rules made there under 
including the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended, and the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, to the extent 
applicable, and in compliance with the Securities  and Exchange Board of India (Li sting 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ Listing 
Regulations ”), and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“ Buyback  Regulations ”), and including any 
amendments, statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) for the time being in force, and 
subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions as may be 
necessary and subject to any modifications and condit ions, if any , as may be prescribed or 
imposed by the statutory, regulatory, or governmental authorities including but not limited to 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), relevant Registrar of Companies, (the 
“ROC ”), the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed i.e., BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) and/ or other authorities, institutions or 
bodies (the “ Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions, 
alterations, amendment s and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the 
Appropriate Authorities while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions 
and sanctions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (“ Board ”, 
which expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, 
including the powers conferred by this resolution (“ Buyback Committee ”/ “Committee ”)), 
and subject to the approval by the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution 
through a postal ballot including e -voting, the consent of the Board be and is hereby accorded 
for the buyback of up to 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four  Thousand) fully paid -up equity 
shares of the Company having face value of IN R 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten only) each (“ Equity 
Shares ”), representing up to 1.68% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity 
share capital of the Company, at a price of INR  12,000/ - (Indian Rupees  Twelve Thousand only) 
per Equity Share (“ Buyback Price ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Price as may be 
approved by the Board or the Buyback Committee, payable in cash for an aggregate amount 
of up to INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore 
and Eighty  Lakh only) (excluding transaction costs, viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc., 
expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to the SEBI, 
advisors/ legal fees, public announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch 
expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc.) (“ Buyback Size ”), which represents 
16.93% and 15.59% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equi ty share capital and free reserves 
of the Company as per the latest audited standalone financial statements and audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 31 March 2026, respectively (which 
is within the statutory limit of 25% of the ag gregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital 
and free reserves of the Company based on the audited standalone financial statements and 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, under the 
shareholders’ approval rout e as per the provisions of the Act and Buyback Regulations), on a 
proportionate basis through the “Tender Offer” route as prescribed under the Buyback 
Regulations from all of the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares, who 
hold Equity Shares as on the record date to be determined by the Board/ Buyback Committee 
(“Record Date ”) (such buyback “ Buyback ”). 
 
13  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Buyback period 
shall commence from the date of declaration of the results of the postal ballot for special 
resolution approving the Buyback until the date on which the payment of consideration to the 
shareho lders for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company is made (“ Buyback Period ”). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its free reserves, 
securities premium account and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by applicable 
law, and the Buyback shall be through tender offer in such manner as may be prescribed under 
the Act a nd the Buyback Regulations, and on such terms and conditions as the Board may 
deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Section 69 of the Act, the Company shall transfer from 
its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by applicable law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought 
back through t he Buyback, to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such 
transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares, 
who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date (“ Eligible Shareholders ”), will be eligible to 
participate in the Buyback except any shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under 
the applicable laws by Appropriate Authorities.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required under Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the 
Company shall buyback its Equity Shares from the  Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate 
basis, provided that 15%  of the total number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes 
to Buyback or such number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small 
shareholders, as on the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the small 
shareholders (as defined in the Buyback Regulations) as a part of the Buyback,  and in case the 
Equity Shares tendered are less than the reservation, the same shall be adjusted in the general 
category, in accordance with Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are persons 
resident outside India, including, non -resident Indians, foreign corporate bodies (including 
erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign institutional investors/ foreign portfolio 
investors, mem bers of foreign nationality, etc., if any, shall be subject to such approvals, if any 
and to the extent necessary or required from concerned authorities including approvals under 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, 
as amended, and such approvals shall be required to be taken by such non -resident 
shareholders.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Regulation 5 (via) of the Buyback Regulations, the 
Board/ Buyback Committee be and is hereby authorized to inter alia increase the Buyback 
Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, such that there 
is no change in the Buyback Size, till one working day prior to the Record Date.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining 
minimum public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing 
Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall not use borrowed funds, whether secured or 
unsecured, of any form and nature, from banks and financial institutions for paying the 
 
14 consideration to the Eligible Shareholders who have tendered their Equity Shares in the 
Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall earmark adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback and Shri Dinesh Thapar, Chief Financial Officer and Shri Kiran 
Yanamnadra, VP Finance be and are hereby severally authorized to sign and submit any 
documents, letters, deeds , undertakings, certificate, etc., and to do all such acts, deeds and 
things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company, to the extent legally permissible, shall implement 
the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant 
to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular 
CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated  March 8, 2023 and such other circulars or notifications, as may be 
applicable, including any amendments and statutory modifications for the time being in force, 
and the Company shall approach BSE and/ or NSE for facilitating the same and subject to 
decision of the Board / Buyback Committee, one of BSE and NSE shall act as the designated 
stock exchange.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Shri Rajiv 
Gandhi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is hereby 
appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back 
wherein details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought 
back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying 
of Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that 
Shri Rajiv Gandhi , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is 
hereby authorised to authenticate the entries made in the said register.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required by Clause (x) of Schedule 1 of the Buyback Regulations, 
the Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the 
Company and has formed the following opinion that:  
 
(a) immediately following the date of the board meeting i.e., May 6, 2026 (“ Board 
Meeting ”), and the date on which the result of the shareholders’ resolution passed by 
way of postal ballot will be declared (“ Postal Ballot Resolution ”), approving the 
Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay 
its debts;  
 
(b) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of 
the Board Meeting as well as the date of the Postal Ballot Resolution, having regard 
to the Board’s intentions with respect to the management of the Company’s business 
during  that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources which will, 
in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company will 
be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered 
insolve nt within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting and date of 
the Postal Ballot Resolution; and  
 
 
15 (c) in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account the 
liabilities (including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were 
being wound up under the provisions of the Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Section 68(6) of the Act read with Regulation 8(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, the draft of the declaration of solvency prepared in the prescribed 
form, and supporting affidavit, the statement of assets and liabilities in the prescribed form  
SH-9 and other supporting documents, as placed before the Board, be and are hereby 
approved and Shri Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 00018262) and Shri Rakesh 
Sharma, Executive Director (DIN: 08262670) of the Company be an d are hereby authorized to 
amend, modify, update, finalise and sign the same for and on behalf of the Board, and Shri 
Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, be and is hereby authorised to file 
the same with the ROC and SEBI and/ or any suc h other concerned authorities, as may be 
necessary in accordance with applicable laws.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that:  
 
(a) all the Equity Shares which the Company proposes to buyback are fully paid -up; 
 
(b) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities including 
by way of bonus issue, till the date of expiry of the Buyback Period, except in discharge 
of subsisting obligations through stock option schemes. Relevant details and the  
potential impact of such subsisting obligations, if any, shall be disclosed in the public 
announcement;  
 
(c) unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and/ or any 
other regulatory authority, the Company, as per Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyback 
Regulations, shall not raise further capital for a period of one year from the expiry of  
the Buyback Period, except in discharge of its subsisting obligations through stock 
option schemes;  
 
(d) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Act, will not make any 
further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new 
shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Act or other specified securities within a period  
of six months after the completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or 
Equity Shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into equity share;  
 
(e) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity 
Shares until the pendency of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
 
(f) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
 
(g) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any 
person through negotiated deals whether on or off the stock exchanges or through 
spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation of 
Buyback;  
 
(h) the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and 
the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically 
 
16 destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and 
the Act within the specified timelines;  
 
(i) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after the public announcement of the 
offer to the Buyback is made;  
 
(j) there are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) in the repayment of any deposits 
(including interest payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, 
payment of dividend to any shareholder or repayment of any term loans to any 
financial institution or banks (including interest payable thereon), as the case may be, 
and in case of defaults which have ceased to subsist, if any, a period of more than 
three years has lapsed;  
 
(k) the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Act;  
 
(l) the aggregate amount of the Buyback i.e., up to INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore and Eighty Lakh only) does not exceed 
25% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the 
Company as per the latest audited standalone financial statements and audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026;  
 
(m) the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback 
(i.e., up to 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) Equity Shares), does not 
exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share capital 
of the Company as on March 31, 2026;  
 
(n) the Company has not undertaken a buyback of any of its securities during the period 
of one year immediately preceding the Board Meeting;  
 
(o) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned 
from the date of expiry of the Buyback Period or such other timeline as may be 
prescribed under applicable law;  
 
(p) there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the provisions of the Act, as on date;  
 
(q) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall 
not be more than twice the paid -up equity share capital and free reserves after the 
Buyback based on both the audited standalone financial statements and audited 
consolidat ed financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, respectively, 
whichever sets out a lower amount, after excluding financial statements of all 
subsidiaries that are non -banking financial companies and housing finance companies 
regulated by Reser ve Bank of India or National Housing Bank, as the case may be;  
 
(r) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of 
the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Act and/ or the Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
 
(s) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing 
of special resolution by the shareholders of the Company approving the Buyback;  
 
 
17 (t) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the promoters (including 
members of the promoter group) and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity 
Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock 
exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity Shares 
among the promoters and/ or members of the promoter group) from the date of 
passing of the special resolution by the shareholders of the Company approving the 
Buyback till the closing of the  Buyback offer;  
 
(u) the Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its Equity Shares from 
the stock exchanges wherein the Equity Shares of the Company are listed;  
 
(v) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies or through any 
investment company or group of investment companies;  
 
(w) the covenants in relation to financing arrangements/ borrowings with lenders are not 
being breached pursuant to the Buyback and accordingly prior consent of such lenders 
in terms of Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule 1(xii) of the Buyback Regulations is not 
required;  
 
(x) in the event of non -fulfilment of the obligations under the Buyback Regulations by the 
Company, the monies deposited in the Escrow Account/ Special Account in full or in 
part shall be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the shareholders who 
accepted  the offer and balance, if any, shall be utilized for investor protection in 
accordance with the Buyback Regulations; and  
 
(y) the information pertaining to the Company as may be set out in the public 
announcement, letter of offer, any corrigenda and all offer documents with respect 
to the Buyback shall be true, fair and adequate information in all material aspects and 
shall not c ontain any misleading information.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information/ material that is likely to have a bearing on the 
decision of investors has been suppressed or withheld and/ or incorporated in the manner 
that would amount to a mis -statement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring 
at any po int of time that any information/ material has been suppressed or withheld and / or 
amounts to a mis -statement or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable 
for penalty in terms of the provisions of the Act and the B uyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein above shall confer any right on the part 
of any shareholder to offer, or any obligation on the part of the Company or the Board to 
Buyback any Equity Shares, and/ or impair any power of the Company or the Board to 
terminate any pro cess in relation to such Buyback as permissible by law.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors of the Company, Chief Financial Officer and/ 
or the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for the time being, be and are hereby 
severally authorized to send the necessary intimations to the stock exchanges in relation to 
this resolu tion, as may be required under the Listing Regulations; to file necessary e -forms 
with the ROC and to do all such acts, deeds and things or incidental for signing and filing of 
forms, payment of fees etc. and to do all such other acts , things and deeds, as may be required 
for the aforesaid purpose or other services as that may be necessary to give effect to the 
above resolutions.  
 
 
18 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, be 
and is hereby authorised to represent the Company before the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
SEBI, the stock exchanges, any regulatory/ statutory bodies/ authorities or any other agencies 
connected with the Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, documents or other 
papers that may be required.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the common seal of the Company, if required be affixed on such 
documents in the presence of any one of the Directors and duly countersigned by the 
Company Secretary.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  and Compliance Officer  of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be 
true, to the authorities for their information and record.”  
 
2. Constitution of Buyback Committee  
 
“RESOLVED THAT a buyback committee consisting of Shri Niraj Bajaj, Chairman & Non -
Executive Non Independent Director, Shri Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director & CEO, Shri Pradip 
Shah, Non -Executive Director, Shri S Ravikumar, Chief Business Development Officer and Shri 
Dinesh  Thapar, Chief Financial Officer, and Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer, to act as the Secretary to the buyback committee (“ Buyback 
Committee ”), be and is hereby constituted to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may i n its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient or proper with regard to the 
implementation of the Buyback and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, 
without any further approval of the Board, including but not limited to:  
 
(a) seeking regulatory approvals, if required, for implementing the Buyback;  
 
(b) deciding and announcing the Record Date for the purpose of the Buyback;  
 
(c) seeking the approval of the shareholders of the Company through postal ballot 
including e -voting in connection with the Buyback, and to initiate and/ or undertake 
all necessary actions related thereto, including finalising, approving, and issuing the 
posta l ballot notice and the explanatory statement thereto, in terms of the Act and 
the rules made thereunder and the Buyback Regulations (and undertake any 
amendment(s) and modification(s) thereto), issuance of any corrigenda, if required, 
and appointment of r elevant intermediaries in relation to the postal ballot process 
such as e -voting service provider, scrutinizer, etc.  
 
(d) appointing, authorizing, and issuing necessary instructions to all intermediaries 
including but not limited to merchant bankers, registrar, custodians, advertising 
agencies, investor service centre, printers, escrow agents, brokers, depository 
participants , legal advisors and any other intermediaries, advisors, consultants as may 
be required, desired or considered expedient for the implementation of the Buyback 
and settling of terms of appointment including the remuneration for all such 
intermediaries/ agen cies/ persons, including by the payment of commission, 
brokerage, fee, charges etc. and enter into agreements/ letters in respect thereof;  
 
 
19 (e) finalising the terms and timelines of the Buyback including but not limited to the 
schedule of activities, the opening and closing dates of the offer period of the Buyback, 
timeframe for completing the Buyback and re -affirming declaration of solvency as an d 
when required;  
 
(f) increasing the Buyback Price and decreasing the number of Equity Shares proposed to 
be bought back, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, till one working day 
prior to the Record Date, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations;  
 
(g) fixing the entitlement ratio in accordance with the Buyback Regulations for the Eligible 
Shareholders from whom the Equity Shares of the Company are to be bought back;  
 
(h) finalising and executing escrow agreement in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations and depositing and/ or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount 
into escrow account/ special account, arranging bank guarantee(s), if any, and 
finalising the compos ition/ combination of such deposit into escrow account in 
accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations and the escrow 
arrangement;  
 
(i) open, operate and close all the necessary accounts such as broker account, escrow 
account/ special account and any other bank account(s) and depository account 
(demat account/ trading account/ buyer broker account) and any other account as 
may be necessary  for the purpose of the Buyback, entering into agreements with and 
to give instructions in connection therewith and/ or to delegate the operation of such 
accounts as required under applicable laws (including the Buyback Regulations);  
 
(j) earmarking and making arrangements for adequate resources of funds for the 
Buyback as may be necessary in accordance with the applicable law;  
 
(k) taking all actions for the verification of offers and acceptances received, finalize the 
basis of acceptance, extinguishment of Equity Shares bought back under the Buyback 
in accordance with the applicable law, to pay to the shareholders consideration for 
shares bought back pursuant to the Buyback, to issue rejection letters, if any, 
determine and make payment of taxes, as applicable, in connection with the Buyback, 
and filing of necessary documentation in relation to the foregoing;  
 
(l) dealing with stock exchanges (including their clearing corporations) where the equity 
shares of the Company are listed, and to sign, execute and deliver such documents as 
may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementation of the Buyback 
using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to 
Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular 
CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCRIII/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, and SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 including any further amendments thereof;  
 
(m) deciding the closure of the Buyback and complete all other requisite formalities as 
specified under the Act, the Buyback Regulations, the Listing Regulations and other 
applicable law;  
 
(n) authorizing and making payment of expenses incidental to the Buyback including fees 
to be paid to SEBI/ other regulatory authorities, registrar’s fees, fees for other 
 
20 intermediaries, fee for any consultants/ advisers that may be hired, publication 
expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, postage expenses, transaction costs viz 
brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as securities transaction 
tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc. and such incidental and related expenses 
that may be necessary;  
 
(o) withdrawing, postponing or deciding not to proceed with the Buyback prior to 
publishing the public announcement for the Buyback in accordance with the 
applicable laws;  
 
(p) carrying out management discussion and analysis on the likely impact of the Buyback 
on the Company’s earnings, public holdings, holdings of non -resident shareholders 
including but not limited to non -resident Indians, foreign institutional investors / 
forei gn portfolio investors, promoters’ holdings and changes in management 
structure;  
 
(q) executing, affirming and delivering such other documents including consent letter, 
deeds, power of attorney, certificates, instruments, agreements, letters, 
undertakings, memorandum of understanding, declarations, affidavits, engagement/ 
appointment letter s, indemnity, bank guarantee, forms etc. as may be required in 
connection with this resolution or the Buyback and/ or otherwise considered by them 
in the best interest of the Company, and to do all such acts, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute d iscretion, deem necessary, expedient or proper, to be in the best 
interest of the shareholders for the implementation of the Buyback, and to initiate all 
necessary actions for preparation and issue of various documents and such other 
undertakings, agreemen ts, papers, documents and correspondence as may be 
necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, RBI, the relevant ROC, 
stock exchanges, depositories and/or other authorities;  
 
(r) issuing, furnishing and making disclosures, certificates, returns, confirmations, 
maintaining registers, etc. as may be required under the Act, Buyback Regulations and 
to file such documents, returns, with the relevant persons as may be required under 
the Act, the Buyback Regulations, the Listing Regulations or other applicable law;  
 
(s) giving directions as may be necessary or desirable, and settling any question or 
difficulty whatsoever that may arise with regard to the Buyback and which it may 
deem fit in the interest of the Company;  
 
(t) preparation, finalizing, signing and filing of the public announcement, certificates for 
declaration of solvency, letter of offer, post offer announcement, other related 
Buyback offer documents and any revision thereto with SEBI, the stock exchanges and 
other appropriate authorities;  
 
(u) making any corrections, amendments, deletions, alterations and/ or additions to the 
public announcement, letter of offer, post offer announcement or all other 
documents, advertisements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the 
certificate for e xtinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates (if any), 
in relation to the Buyback and filing / publishing / submitting of the same in relation 
to the Buyback, as required by relevant authorities;  
 
 
21 (v) giving any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the 
public announcement and any other advertisements, as may be required by the 
relevant authorities including SEBI;  
 
(w) making all applications to the appropriate authorities for their requisite approvals 
including approvals as may be required from the Reserve Bank of India under the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, if a ny; 
 
(x) to extinguish the shares bought back and filing of certificate of extinguishment in 
connection with the Buyback within the time limit specified under the Buyback 
Regulations and to destroy share certificates upon completion of the Buyback;  
 
(y) to file return of Buyback or any other form, report, returns with the relevant ROC and 
other statutory authorities within the timelines as specified in the Act or the Buyback 
Regulations;  
 
(z) to maintain the register of securities bought back as per the format prescribed in the 
Act or the Buyback Regulations;  
 
(aa) to authorise merchant banker, registrar or other agencies appointed for the purpose 
of Buyback to carry out any of the above activities;  
 
(bb) obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties as required under applicable law;  
 
(cc) authorising/ appointing persons to represent the Company, if required, before the 
relevant ROC, SEBI, stock exchanges, or any other authority in connection with the 
Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, documents or other papers that may 
be re quired;  
 
(dd) affixing the Common Seal of the Company on relevant documents required to be 
executed for the Buyback in accordance with the provisions of the articles of 
association of the Company;  
 
(ee) settling and resolving any queries raised by the SEBI, stock exchanges, the relevant 
ROC, and any other authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to 
and ancillary to the Buyback;  
 
(ff) doing such other acts, deeds, matters, or things, and executing such documents, 
forms, letters, confirmations, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit 
and file all necessary forms, letters, applications, e -forms and other documents as 
they  may in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper or 
are necessary, expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in 
connection with or in furtherance of the Buyback; and  
 
(gg) delegating all or any of the powers, rights or authorities conferred above to any 
officer(s)/ authorised representative(s) of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid 
resolution or to accept any change(s) or modification(s) as may be felt necessary or a s 
may be suggested by the appropriate authorities or advisors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any two members mentioned above (which includes at least one 
 
22 of the Directors) shall form quorum of any meeting of the Buyback Committee and the 
Buyback Committee may decide any matter in connection with the Buyback by passing an 
appropriate resolution (including by way of circular resolution) and the Buyback Commit tee 
may meet as and when necessary to effectively discharge its functions in relation to the 
Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee shall have the power and authority to 
delegate all or any of the authorities conferred upon it to any officer(s) and/or representatives 
of the Company, in order to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and 
substitute such delegation / sub -delegation of authority from time to time.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all acts, deeds, matters and things done by the Buyback Committee 
for the purpose shall have the same effect as if done by the Board.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board and 
the Buyback Committee be and are hereby severally authorised to accept and make any 
alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as they may deem necessary, 
concerning any as pect of the Buyback, in accordance with the statutory requirements or any 
conditions laid down by any regulatory or other authority while giving its approval as well as 
to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settl e any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise and generally, to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in 
connection with or for matters conseq uential to the Buyback without seeking any further 
consent or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee  shall stand dissolved on the date of 
completion of Buyback  process . 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  and Compliance Officer  of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be 
true, to the authorities for their information and record.”  
 
3. Appointment of Manager for the Buyback  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  in compliance with the Buyback Regulations, the Board be and hereby 
ratifies the appointment of Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited, as the Manager to the 
Buyback (“ Manager ”/ “Manager to the Buyback ”) and for other services related to the 
Buyback at such fees and other terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed with them.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  and Compliance Officer  of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be 
true, to the authorities for their information and record.”  
 
4. Appointment of Registrar for the Buyback  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  KFin Technologies Limited be and is hereby appointed as the 
registrar to the Buyback, on the terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed with them, 
and is designated as the investors service centre, as required under Regulation 24(iii) of the 
 
23 Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  and Compliance Officer  of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be 
true, to the authorities for their information and record.”  
 
5. Appointment of JM Financial Services Limited as the broker to the Company for the 
Buyback.  
 
“RESOLVED THAT JM Financial Services Limited be and is hereby appointed as the Company’s 
broker in relation to the Buyback, on the terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed 
with them.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  of the Company be and is 
hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be true, to the authorities 
for their information and record”.  
 
6. Opening of Escrow Account  
 
“RESOLVED THAT an escrow account bearing the name and title “Bajaj Auto Limited Buyback 
2026 – Escrow Account” (“ Escrow Account ”) and a special account bearing the name and title 
“Bajaj Auto Limited Buyback 2026 – Special Escrow Account” (“ Special Account ”) be opened 
with Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited having its registered address at 27 BKC, C27, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 (“ Escrow Bank ”) for the purpose of 
the Buyback and the Company shall in accordance with the provisions o f the Buyback 
Regulations, as and by way of security for the performance of its obligations under the 
Buyback Regulations, enter into an escrow arrangement and agreement with the Escrow Bank 
and the Manager to the Buyback, and deposit in the Escrow Account  and Special Account, 
requisite amounts in accordance with the Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any two of the following acting jointly, viz  
1. Shri Dinesh Thapar  
2. Shri Jayesh Shah  
3. Shri Kiran Yanamandra  
4. Shri Kaustubh Kulkarni  
5. Shri Anand Newar  
 
(together, “ Authorised Persons ”) 
 
be and are hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be required for 
opening and operations of the Escrow Account and Special Account on behalf of the Company 
including finalizing, negotiating, executing and delivering the escrow agree ment and/ or any 
modifications or amendments thereof, finalizing and signing the necessary forms and 
documents to be submitted to the Escrow Bank, and give necessary instructions or issue 
communications in accordance with the escrow agreement.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any two of the Authorised Persons acting jointly, be and are hereby 
authorised to undertake necessary steps to implement the above resolution and execute any 
documents necessary in this regard and do all such acts, deeds and things as may be required, 
 
24 necessary, expedient or incidental to give effect to the foregoing resolution, and to settle or 
give instructions and directions for settling any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise 
in this regard and to give effect to such modifications, chan ges, variations, alterations, 
deletions or additions as may be deemed fit and proper in the best interest of the Company 
in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and in consultation with the Manager 
to the Buyback, appointed in this respect.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any two of the Authorised Persons acting jointly, be and are hereby 
authorised to execute and sign any documents necessary, give necessary instructions in 
accordance with the escrow agreement and do all such acts, deeds and things as may be 
required, nece ssary, expedient or incidental for closing of the Escrow Account and Special 
Account after completion of the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Manager to the Buyback be and is hereby authorised to 
operate and issue directions in regard to the operations of aforesaid Escrow Account and 
Special Account, and instruct the Escrow Bank to inter alia  make the payment of the amount 
lying to the credit of the Escrow and Special Account in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations and/ or the directions of SEBI.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Escrow Bank shall accept and act upon any instructions relating 
to Escrow Account and Special Account relating to the Buyback offer as and when instructed 
by the Manager to the Buyback in accordance with the escrow agreement executed in terms 
of Buybac k Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Shri Rajiv Gandhi, Company Secretary  and Compliance Officer  of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to furnish a copy of this resolution, certified to be 
true, to the authorities for their information and record.”  
 
Unquote  
 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
5.1 In accordance with Regulation 7 (i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made a Public 
Announcement dated June 19, 2026, which was published in the following newspapers on 
Monday, June 22, 2026 : 
 
Publication  Language  Editions  
Financial Express  English  All editions  
Jansatta  Hindi  All editions  
Loksatta  Marathi  Pune edition  
 
5.2 The Public Announcement was issued within 2 (two) Working Days from the date of 
declaration of results of the postal ballot for special resolution by the Equity Shareholders 
approving the Buyback, the results of which were declared on Thursday, June 18, 2026 . 
 
5.3 The Company will publish further notices or corrigenda, if any , relating to the Public 
Announcement  in the abovementioned newspapers. A copy of the Public Announcement is 
available on the website s of the Company  (www.bajajauto.com ), Manager to the Buyback 
(https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ), Registrar  to the Buyback  
(https://karisma.kfintech.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), BSE ( www.bseindia.com ) and NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ). 
 
25  
5.4 After dispatch of the Letter of Offer, the Company will publish an advertisement in all editions 
of Financial Express, an English daily , all editions of Jansatta, Hindi national daily, and Pune 
edition of Loksatta, a regional language Marathi daily , to inform the Eligible Shareholders 
about the completion of dispatch of this Let ter of Offer . The dispatch advertisement will also 
include the link for the Eligible Shareholders to check their Buyback E ntitlement.  
 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK  
 
6.1 The Buyback has been duly authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors passed at their 
meeting which was held on Wednesday, May 6 , 202 6. Since the Buyback is more than 10% of 
the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and  free reserves of the Company as 
per the latest audited standalone financial statements and audited  consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, in terms of Section  68(2)(b) of the Act and 
Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, the approval of the  shareholders of the 
Company was sought for the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, through  postal ballot 
notice dated  May 14, 20 26 (“Postal Ballot Notice ”), the results of which were announced on 
Thursday , June 18, 2026.  The shareholders of the Company have approved the Buyback by 
way of a special resolution.  
 
6.2 The details of the Buyback are set out below:  
 
Name of the Company  
 Bajaj Auto Limited  
Maximum number of Equity 
Shares proposed to be bought 
back pursuant to the Buyback  
 The Company proposes to buyback up to 46,94,000 
(Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) Equity Shares . 
Number of Equity Shares 
proposed to be bought back 
pursuant to the Buyback as a 
percentage of the existing paid -
up equity share capital of the 
Company  
 The Equity Shares proposed to be bought back pursuant 
to the Buyback represent up to 1.68% of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share 
capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026 . 
Buyback Price  The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be 
bought back at a price of INR 12,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
Twelve Thousand only ) per Equity Share . 
 
Applicable regulations of SEBI 
and provisions of the Act, in 
accordance with which the 
Buyback is made  The Buyback is in accordance with Article 40 of the 
Articles of Association, and is being undertaken in terms 
of Chapter III of the Buyback Regulations through 
“Tender Offer” route and in accordance with other 
applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations, the 
SEBI Circulars, Listing Regulations, to the extent 
applicable, and Sections 68, 69, 70, and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, and the relevant rules 
framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules 
and the Management and Administration Rules, to the 
extent applicabl e. 
 
 
26 Methodology for the Buyback  The Equity Shares shall be bought back on a 
proportionate basis (subject to reservation for Small 
Shareholders) from all the Eligible Shareholders , who 
hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date i.e., 
Wednesday, June 24, 2026 , through the “Tender Offer” 
route as prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the 
Buyback Regulations and shall be implemented using the 
Stock Exchange Mechanism as specified  under the SEBI 
Circulars.  
 
In this regard, the Company will request the Stock 
Exchanges to provide the Acquisition Window for 
facilitating tendering of Equity Shares under the 
Buyback. For the purposes of this Buyback, BSE will be 
the Designated Stock Exchange . 
 
Maximum amount to be 
expensed towards the Buyback 
and its percentage with respect 
to the total paid -up equity share 
capital and free reserves and 
percentage with respect to total 
issued and paid -up equity share 
capital of the Company  Aggregate amount of up to INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (Indian 
Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore and 
Eighty Lakh only ), constitutes 16.93% and 15.59% of the 
aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and 
free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited 
standalone financial statements and audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 
March 31,  2026, respectively, which is within the 
statutory limit of 25% of the aggregate of the fully paid -
up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company 
based on the audited standalone financial statements 
and audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, under the shareholders’ 
approval route as per Section 68 and other applicable 
provisions of  the Act and Regulation 5 and other 
applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations.  The 
Buyback Size does not include the Transaction Costs.  
 
Further, the Equity Shares proposed to be bought back 
represent up to 1.68% of the total number of Equity 
Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, and the same is within 
the 25% limit as per the provisions of the Act and 
Regulation 4(i) of the Buyback Regulations.  
 
Shareholding of the Promoters 
and Promoter Group and its 
percentage with respect to the 
total paid -up equity share capital 
of the Company  
 For details of the shareholding of the Promoters and 
Promoter Group and its percentage with respect to the 
total paid -up equity share capital of the Company , please 
refer to paragraph 13 ( Capital Structure and 
Shareholding Pattern ) of this Letter of Offer.  
Intention of the Promoters/ 
Promoter Companies to 
participate in the Buyback  In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender 
Offer route, Promoters and Promoter Group  and persons 
in control of the Company have an option to participate 
in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoters and 
Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company 
 
27 have expressed their intention to not participate in the 
Buyback vide their letters dated May 6, 2026 and May 7, 
2026.  
 
Accordingly, the disclosures as required as per paragraph 
(viii) to the Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations are not 
applicable . 
 
Promoters’ shareholding after 
the completion of the Buyback.  For details of the shareholding of the Promoters and 
Promoter Group following completion of the Buyback , 
please refer to paragraph 13 ( Capital Structure and 
Shareholding Pattern ) of this Letter of Offer . 
 
 
6.3 The Equity Shares are listed on the Stock Exchanges. The ISIN of the Equity Shares is 
INE917I01010.  
 
6.4 The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are Non -Resident Shareholders, shall be 
subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned 
authorities including approvals under the FEMA , and such approvals shall be required to be 
taken by such Non -Resident Shareholders.  
 
6.5 The funds for the implementation of the Buyback will be sourced out of the free reserves, 
securities premium account and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by applicable 
law. The borrowed funds from banks and financial institutions will not be used  for purpose of 
the Buyback.  
 
6.6 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such 
other sources as may be permitted by applicable law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the 
Equity Shares so bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemptio n reserve account, 
and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.  
 
6.7 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoters and Promoter Group and persons 
in control of the Company or any directors or KMPs of the Company, except to the extent of 
the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their res pective 
participation, if any, in the Buyback in their capacity as equity shareholders of the Company, 
and the change in their holding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to re duction in the equity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback, as the case may be. Any change in voting rights of the Promoters and 
Promoter Group pursuant to completion of Buyback will not result in any change in control 
over the Company.  
 
6.8 Pursuant to the Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the aggregate voting 
rights in the Company of the Promoters and Promoter Group may change from the existing 
shareholding of the total equity capital and voting rights of the Company. Ass uming response 
to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders up 
to their Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group, post 
Buyback will increase to 55.95 % of the post Buyback eq uity share capital of the Company  from 
55.01% of the pre -Buyback equity share capital of the Company . For further details, please 
refer to paragraph 13 (Capital Structure and Shareholding Pattern ) of this Letter of Offer.  
 
 
28 6.9 The Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations . The Company confirms 
that after the completion of the Buyback, the public shareholding of the Company shall not 
fall below the minimum level required under Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations.  
 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
7.1 The Buyback is being undertaken pursuant to Article 40 of the Articles of Association and the 
provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, the 
relevant rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules, the Management and 
Administration Rules, the Listing Regulations , to the exten t applicable,  and the  Buyback 
Regulations  read with SEBI Circulars . 
 
7.2 The Buyback is further subject to approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, 
as may be necessary and subject to any conditions and modifications, if any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as requi red 
under applicable laws , including but not limited to SEBI, ROC , the Stock Exchanges , and/ or 
other authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions 
and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed whil e granting such approvals, 
permissions, consent s, exemptions  and sanctions , which may be agreed by the Board . 
 
7.3 The Buyb ack has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board passed at their meeting 
which was held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026.  The shareholders of the Company have approved 
the Buyback by  way of a special resolution, through the Postal Ballot Notice  in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 110 of the Act read with Rule 22 of the Management and 
Administration Rules read with the MCA Circulars , the results of which were announced on 
Thursday, June 18, 2026.  
 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
The financial strategy of the Company is aimed at driving the sustainable growth of its business 
and enhancing the returns for its shareholders. The growth of the business, robust cash 
generation and strong balance sheet position allows the Company to rewa rd its shareholders 
from time to time, as in the current instance, while retaining sufficient capital for growth and 
investment opportunities. The Buyback reinforces the Company’s commitment to its 
shareholders by returning surplus cash to them in an effec tive and efficient manner, and is 
expected to improve its earnings per share and return on equity.  
 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON 
THE COMPANY   
 
9.1 The Company believes that the Buyback is not likely to cause any material impact on the 
profitability or earnings of the Company except to the extent of reduction in the amount 
available for investment, which the Company could have otherwise deployed towar ds 
generating investment income. Assuming full response to the Buyback, the funds deployed by 
the Company towards the Buyback would not exceed INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore and Eighty Lakh only) , excluding Transaction 
Costs.  
 
9.2 In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoters and 
Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company have an option to participate in the 
Buyback. In this regard, the Promoters and Promoter Group and persons in control of the 
 
29 Company have expressed their intention to not participate in the Buyback vide their letters 
dated May 6, 2026 and May 7, 2026. Accordingly, the disclosures as required as per paragraph 
(viii) to the Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations are not applicable.  
 
9.3 Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up to their Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters 
and Promoter Group after the completion of the Buyback will increase to 55.95 % of the post 
Buyback equity share capital of the Company from 55.01 % of the pre -Buyback equity share 
capital of the Company , and the aggregate public shareholding of the Company shall change 
to 44.05% of the post Buyback equity share capital of the Company  from 44.99% of the pre -
Buyback equity share capital of the Company . 
 
9.4 The Buyback will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management 
structure of the Company.  
 
9.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from the 
Non -Resident Shareholders, Indian financial institutions, banks, mutual funds and the public 
including other bodies corporate, the shareholding of each such person shall undergo a 
change.  
 
9.6 The ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be 
more than twice the paid -up equity share capital and free reserves after the Buyback based 
on both the audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidat ed financial 
statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, respectively, whichever sets out a lower 
amount, after excluding financial statements of all subsidiaries that are non -banking financial 
companies and housing finance companies regulated by the R BI or National Housing Bank, as 
the case may be . 
 
9.7 The Company believes that the Buyback will not impact the growth opportunities of the 
Company.  
 
9.8 Unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and/ or any other 
regulatory authority, the Company, as per Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyback Regulations, shall 
not raise further capital for a period of 1 (one) year from the expir y of the Buyback Period, 
except in discharge of its subsisting obligations through stock option schemes.  
 
9.9 The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities, including by way 
of bonus issue, till the expiry of the Buyback Period, except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations through stock option schemes . The Company , as per the provisions of Section 
68(8) of the Act, will not make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities 
including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Act or other specified 
securities within a period of 6 (six) m onths after the co mpletion of the Buyback except by way 
of bonus shares or Equity Shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as 
conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference 
shares or debentures into equity share . 
 
9.10 There  are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) in the repayment of any deposits 
(including interest payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, 
payment of dividend to any shareholder or repayment of any term loans to any financial 
institution or banks (including interest payable thereon), as the case may be, and in case of 
defaults which have ceased to subsist, if any, a period of more than 3 (three) years has lapsed . 
 
 
30 9.11 The Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its Equity Shares from the 
Stock Exchanges wherein the Equity Shares of the Company are listed.  
 
9.12 As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the Promoters and Promoter Group and 
their associates , shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the 
Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off -market transactions (including  inter -se 
transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoter s and Promoter Group ) from the date of passing 
of the special resolution by the shareholders of the Company approving the Buyback till the 
closing of the Buyback offer . 
 
9.13 The covenants in relation to financing arrangements/ borrowings with lenders are not being 
breached pursuant to the Buyback and accordingly prior consent of such lenders in terms of 
Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I (xii) of the Buyback Regulations is not required.  
 
9.14 The Company has complied with and is in compliance with Regulation 5(viii) of the Buyback 
Regulations read with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015 , as amended .  
 
9.15 Salient financial parameters pursuant to the Buyback based on the audited standalone 
financial statements and the audited consolidated financial statement s of the Company for 
the financial year ended March 31, 202 6 are set out below:  
 
Standalone:  
Parameters  As at and for the period ended March 31, 202 6 
Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback  
Net worth (INR in crore)(1) 34,974.67  29,341.87  
Return on net worth (%)(2) 29.3%  32.0%  
Basic Earnings  Per Equity Share ( INR)(3) 352.0   358.0  
Diluted Earnings Per Equity Share 
(INR)(4) 351. 5 357. 5 
Book Value Per Equity Share ( INR)(5) 1,251.3  1,067.7  
Price/Earnings ratio(6) 24.95 x  24.53x  
Total debt equity ratio  Nil Nil 
Notes : 
Pre and post Buyback calculations are based on the audited standalone financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 202 6. The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth 
by the proposed Buyback amount (assuming full acceptance) without factoring in any impact on account 
of Transaction Costs of the B uyback  and by reducing outstanding shares by proposed number of buyback 
of Equity Shares i.e. , 46,94,000 . 
(1) Net Worth means the aggregate value of the paid -up Equity S hare capital of the Company and 
other equity as per the audited standalone balance sheet as of March 31, 202 6.  
(2) Return on Net worth is computed as profit after tax divided by average net worth (less proposed 
amount of buyback of Equity Shares for post Buyback ratio) .  
(3) Basic Earnings per share calculated as profit after tax divided by total weighted average number 
of Equity S hares pre -Buyback (less proposed number of buyback of Equity Shares i.e., 46,94,000 , 
for post  Buyback ratio) . 
(4) Diluted  Earnings per share calculated as profit after tax divided by total weighted average diluted 
number of Equity Shares , adjusted with dilutive potential ordinary shares,  pre-Buyback (less 
proposed number  of buyback of Equity Shares i.e., 46,94,000 , for post -Buyback  ratio).  
 
31 (5) Book value per Equity Share is calculated as closing net worth divided by total number of Equity 
Share outstanding at the end of the year (less proposed number of buyback of Equity Shares i.e. , 
46,94,000 , for post  Buyback ratio) .  
(6) Price/  Earnings ratio is calculated based on the closing market price of the Equity Share on NSE 
as on March 3 0, 202 6, divided by Basic Earnings Per Equity Share on pre and post Buyback basis.  
 
Consolidated:  
Parameters  As at and for the period ended March 31, 2026  
Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback  
Net worth (INR in crore)(1) 38,831.99   33,199.19  
Return on net worth (%)(2) 29.0%  31.4 % 
Basic Earnings Per Equity Share (INR)(3) 385.0   391.5  
Diluted Earnings Per Equity Share 
(INR)(4) 384. 4 391.0  
Book Value Per Equity Share (INR)(5) 1,389.3   1,208.1  
Price/Earnings ratio(6) 22.81 x  22.43x  
Total debt equity ratio  0.57x  0.82x  
Notes : 
Pre and post Buyback calculations are based on the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026. The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth 
by the proposed Buyback amount (assuming full acceptance) without factoring in any impact on account 
of Transaction Costs of the Buy back  and by reducing outstanding shares by proposed number of buyback 
of Equity Shares i.e ., 46,94,000 . 
(1) Net Worth means the aggregate value of the paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company and 
other equity as per the audited consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2026.  
(2) Return on Net worth is computed as profit attributable to owners of the company  divided by 
average net worth (less proposed amount of buyback of Equity Shares for post Buyback ratio) .  
(3) Basic Earnings per share calculated as profit attributable to owners of the company  divided by 
total weighted average number of Equity Shares (less proposed number of buyback of Equity 
Shares i.e. , 46,94,000 , for post Buyback ratio) .  
(4) Diluted Earnings per share calculated as profit attributable to owners of the company divided by 
total weighted average number of Equity Shares  (less proposed number of buyback of Equity 
Shares i.e., 46,94,000 , for post  Buyback  ratio) .  
(5) Book value per Equity Share is calculated as closing net worth divided by total number of Equity 
Share outstanding at the end of the year (less proposed  number of buyback of Equity Shares i.e. , 
46,94,000 , for post  Buyback ratio) .  
(6) Price/ Earnings ratio is calculated based on the closing market price of the Equity Share on NSE 
as on March 30, 2026, divided by Basic Earnings Per Equity Share for the relevant period on pre 
and post Buyback basis.  
 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  
 
10.1 The Equity Shares are proposed to be bought back at the Buyback Price i.e., INR 12,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share.  The Buyback Price has been arrived 
at after considering various factors, inter alia , trends in the volume weighted average prices, 
the capital market benchmarks, trends on share prices, valuation parameters, performance of 
the Company, its outlook, and the possible impact of the Buyback on the financial parameters 
including earnings per share, underpinned by the int ention to offer a healthy return for its 
shareholders . 
 
 
32 10.2 The Buyback Price represents:  
 
10.2.1  premium of 26.31% and 26.53%  to the volume weighted average market price of the 
Equity Share on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the 3 (three) months preceding 
Thursday, April 30, 2026, being the date of intimation to the Stock Exchanges for the 
Board Meeting to consider the proposa l of the Buyback (“ Intimation Date ”); and  
 
10.2.2  premium of 25.76% and 25.74% over the closing price of the Equity Share on BSE and 
NSE, respectively, as on Wednesday, April 29, 2026, which is a day preceding the 
Intimation Date.  
 
10.3 The closing market price of the Equity Shares as on the Intimation Date (i.e., Thursday, April 
30, 2026) was INR 9,997.75 /- (Indian Rupees Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety Seven 
and Paise Seventy Five only) and INR 9,994 .00/- (Indian Rupees Nine Thousand Nine Hundred 
and Ninety Four only)  and as on the date of the Board Meeting (i.e., Wednesday, May 6, 2026) 
was INR 10,314.60 /- (Indian Rupees Ten Thousand Three Hundred and Fourteen and Paise 
Sixty only) and INR 10,319 .00/- (Indian Rupees Ten Thousand Three Hundred and Nineteen 
only) on BSE and NSE, respectively.  
 
10.4 The audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 
were announced by the Company on Wednesday, May 6, 2026. The impact on financial 
parameters such as the book value per Equity Share, return on net worth and the possible 
impact of Buyback on the EPS , based on the audited financial statements  of the Company for 
the financial year ended March 31, 202 6, is set out below:  
 
10.4.1  The Buyback Price represent s 9.59x times over the book value per Equity Share as on 
March 31, 202 6 of the Company on standalone basis, which was INR 1,251.3 per 
Equity Share. Book value used excludes revaluation reserves and miscellaneous 
expenditure to the extent not written off.  
 
10.4.2  The basic EPS of the Company prior to the Buyback for the year ended March 31, 2026 
was INR 352.0/ - per Equity Share on standalone basis. Assuming full acceptance under 
the Buyback, the EPS of the Company for the period ended March 31, 2026 would 
have been  INR 358.0/ - per Equity Share post the Buyback, on standalone basis. The 
post Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the proposed number of buyback 
of Equity Shares i.e., 46,94,000, from the total weighted average number of Equity 
Shares pre -Buyback.  
 
10.4.3  The return on net worth of the Company on standalone basis was 29.3% as on March 
31, 202 6, which will increase to 32.0% respectively post -Buyback assuming full 
acceptance of the Buyback. The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the 
net worth by the proposed Buyback amount (assuming full acceptance) without 
factoring in any impact on account of Transaction Costs. Return on net worth for the 
period ended March 31, 202 6 is computed as profit after tax for the year ending 
March 31, 202 6 divided by average net worth as at March 31, 202 6 and March 31, 
2025 . Net worth used excludes revaluation reserves and miscellaneous expenditure 
to the extent not written off.  
 
10.5 For trends in the market price of the Equity Shares, please refer to paragraph 16 ( Stock Market 
Data ) of this Letter of Offer. For details of salient financial parameters, both pre -Buyback and 
post -Buyback, based on the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
 
33 Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, please refer to paragraph 9.1 5 of this 
Letter of Offer.  
 
10.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Act and Regulation 4(ii)(a) of Buyback Regulations, 
the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company will not be 
more than twice the paid -up equity share capital and free reserves after  the Buyback based 
on the audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount.  
 
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
11.1 The maximum amount of funds required for Buyback will not exceed INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - 
(Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six Hundred Thirty Two Crore and Eighty Lakh only) (excluding 
Transaction Costs). The Buyback Size constitutes 16.93% and 15.59% of the aggregate of the 
fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited 
standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, respe ctively, which is within the stat utory limit of 25% of the 
aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company based on 
the audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Company as on March 31, 2026, under the  shareholders’ approval route as per Section 68 
and other applicable provisions of the Act and Regulation 5 and other applicable provisions of 
the Buyback Regulations . 
 
11.2 The funds for the implementation of the Buyback will be sourced out of the free reserves, 
securities premium account and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by applicable 
law. 
 
11.3 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such  
other sources as may be permitted by applicable law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the 
Equity Shares so bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account, 
and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audi ted financial statements . 
 
11.4 The borrowed funds from banks and financial institutions will not be used for purpose of the 
Buyback.  
 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN  AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  
 
12.1 In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations,  an escrow agreement has 
been entered into amongst the Company, Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent  on 
June 18, 2026 . 
 
12.2 In accordance with the Buyback Regulations and pursuant to the Escrow Agreement , the 
Company has opened an Escrow Account bearing the name and title “Bajaj Auto Limited 
Buyback 2026 – Escrow Account ” bearing account number 2055303761  with the Escrow 
Agent, namely, Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited , having its registered office at  27 BKC, C27, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 . 
 
12.3 In accordance  with Regulation 9(xi)  of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has deposit ed 
an amount of INR 578,28,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees Five Hundred Seventy Eight Crore and 
Twenty Eight Lakh only)  in the Escrow Account i.e., the aggregate of 25% of 
INR 100,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees One Hundred Crore only) and 10% thereafter of the 
 
34 Buyback Size  in accordance with the Buyback Regulations.  In accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations, the Manager to the Buyback has been  empowered under the Escrow Agreement 
to operate the Escrow Account .  
 
12.4 The Company has identified and earmarked funds for the purpose of fulfilment of the 
obligations of the Company under the Buyback. Such earmarked funds, together with funds 
deposited in the Escrow Account , are in excess of the Buyback Offer Size . 
 
12.5 L B Laddha  (Membership No. : 030324 ), partner at L.B. Laddha & Co. , Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No. : 105500W ) having its office at Office No. 9, Second Floor, MSR Capital, 
Court Road, Morwadi, Pune 411018, Maharashtra , has certified through its certificate dated 
June 18, 2026  (“Certificate ”) that the Company is able to implement the proposed Buyback 
and has made firm arrangements to fulfil the obligations of payment under the proposed 
Buyback.  
 
12.6 Based on the Certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that they are  satisfied that 
firm arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place and that the 
Company  has the ability to implement the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback  
Regulations.  
 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN   
 
13.1 The present capital structure of the Company as on date of this Letter of Offer is as follows:  
 
Parameters  Pre-Buyback  
Authorised Share Capital   
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each  INR 300,00,00,000/- 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
27,94,97,838  Equity Shares of INR 10/- each  INR 279,49,78,380 /- 
 
13.2 Assuming full acceptance in the Buyback of 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) 
Equity Shares , the capital structure of the Company post Buyback would be as follows : 
 
Parameters  Post -Buyback(1) 
Authorised Share Capital   
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 10/- each  INR 300,00,00,000/ - 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
27,48,03,838  Equity Shares of INR 10/- each  INR 274,80,38,380/ - 
Note : 
(1) Assuming full acceptance of Equity Shares in the Buyback as per the Buyback Regulations.  
 
13.3 As on date of this Letter of Offer, the Equity Shares are fully paid -up and there are no partly 
paid -up Equity Shares or calls in arrears.  
 
13.4 As on the date of this Letter of Offer, there are no convertible debentures or preference shares 
or any other convertible instruments of the Company.  
 
13.5 The d etails of the buyback programmes undertaken by the Company in the last 3 (three) years 
are given below:  
 
 
35 Sr. 
No. Opening Date  Closing Date  Method of Buyback  Equity Shares 
Bought Back  
1. March 6, 2024  March 13, 2024  Tender offer route  40,00,000  
 
13.6 The Company confirms that it shall not issue  any Equity Shares or other specified securities, 
including by way of bonus issue, till the expiry of the Buyback Period, except in discharge of 
subsisting obligations through stock option schemes  in accordance with Regulation 24(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations.  
 
13.7 There is no pending scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to any 
provisions of the Act , as on date . 
 
13.8 The shareholding pattern of the Company before the Buyback (i.e., as on the Record Date), 
and after the Buyback (assuming full acceptance of 46,94,000 Equity Shares in the Buyback), 
is as follows : 
 
Category of Shareholder  Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback(1) 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares held  % to the 
existing 
equity 
share 
capital  No. of 
Equity 
Shares held  % to the 
post 
Buyback 
equity share 
capital  
Promoters and  Promoter 
Group  15,37,56,828  55.01  15,37,56,828  55.95  
Foreign Investors (including 
OCBs/ FIIs/ NRIs/ Non -
residents/ Non -domestic 
companies)  2,74,04,679  9.80  
12,10,47,010  44.05  Financial Institutions/ Banks/ 
NBFCs and Mutual Funds/ 
Insurance Companies  3,82,13,028  13.67  
Others (Public, Bodies 
Corporate, Clearing 
Members, Trust, and HUF)  6,01,23,303  21.51  
Total  27,94,97,838  100.00  27,48,03,838  100.00  
Note:  
(1) Assuming full acceptance of Equity Shares in the Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement . 
 
13.9 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of the: (a) Promoters and Promoter Group and 
persons in control of the Company; (b) director(s)/ trustee(s)/ partner(s) of the companies/ 
trusts/ limited liability partnerships which are part of the Promoters and P romoter Group; and 
(c) directors and key managerial personnel (“ KMPs ”) of the Company, as on date of the Public 
Announcement, is as follows:  
 
13.9.1  Aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group and persons in control 
of the Company in the Company is set out below:  
 
Sr. No.  Name of the 
shareholder  Category  Number of 
Equity Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  Promoter  9,55,47,251  34.19  
2.  Rajivnayan Bajaj  Promoter  7,45,001  0.27  
 
36 Sr. No.  Name of the 
shareholder  Category  Number of 
Equity Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
3.  Sanjivnayan Bajaj  Promoter  2,00,000  0.07  
4.  Niraj Bajaj  Promoter  42,103  0.02  
5.  Shekhar Bajaj  Promoter  6,020  0.00  
6.  Manish Kejriwal  Promoter Group  8,42,471  0.30  
7.  Minal Bajaj  Promoter Group  6,64,743  0.24  
8.  Neelima Bajaj Swamy  Promoter Group  1,97,561  0.07  
9.  Suman Jain  Promoter Group  10,47,008  0.37  
10.  Kumud Bajaj  Promoter Group  3,95,122  0.14  
11.  Kiran Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,33,671  0.05  
12.  Shefali Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,71,120  0.06  
13.  Pooja Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,63,321  0.06  
14.  Geetika Bajaj  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
15.  Nimisha Jaipuria  Promoter Group  2,00,991  0.07  
16.  Deepa Bajaj  Promoter Group  4,24,904  0.15  
17.  Siddhantnayan Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,42,000  0.05  
18.  Rishabnayan Bajaj  Promoter Group  3,66,336  0.13  
19.  Nirav Nayan Bajaj  Promoter Group  7,90,066  0.28  
20.  Sanjali Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,42,000  0.05  
21.  Vanraj Bajaj  Promoter Group  13,822  0.00  
22.  Nirvaan Kejriwal  Promoter Group  2,09,760  0.08  
23.  Aarav Swamy  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
24.  Vihaan Jaipuria  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
25.  Sheetal Bajaj  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
26.  Aryan Nayan Bajaj  Promoter Group  1,00,000  0.04  
27.  Baroda Industries Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  16,50,423  0.59  
28.  Bachhraj Factories Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  19,37,254  0.69  
29.  Bachhraj & Company 
Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  36,46,362  1.30  
30.  Hercules Investments 
Ltd. (formerly known 
as Hercules Hoists Ltd.)  Promoter Group  1,82,590  0.07  
31.  Jamnalal Sons Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  2,59,60,841  9.29  
32.  Kamalnayan 
Investment & Trading 
Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  1,30,588  0.05  
33.  Madhur Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  78,432  0.03  
34.  Niraj Holdings Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  72,987  0.03  
35.  Rahul Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  3,20,600  0.11  
36.  Rupa Equities Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  3,36,803  0.12  
37.  The Hindustan Housing 
Company Ltd.  Promoter Group  20,547  0.01  
38.  Maharashtra Scooters 
Ltd. Promoter Group  69,27,794  2.48  
 
37 Sr. No.  Name of the 
shareholder  Category  Number of 
Equity Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
39.  Bajaj Life Insurance 
Ltd. (formerly known 
as Bajaj Allianz Life 
Insurance Company 
Ltd.)  Promoter Group  1,25,000  0.04  
40.  Bajaj Sevashram Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  44,08,288  1.58  
41.  Shekhar Holdings Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  62,232  0.02  
42.  Sanraj Nayan 
Investments Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  59,269  0.02  
43.  Bajaj Finance Ltd.  Promoter Group  150 0.00  
44.  Bajaj International Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  - 0.00  
45.  Rose Realtors Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
46.  Emerald Acres Pvt. Ltd.  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
47.  Sankalp Resorts Pvt. 
Ltd. Promoter Group  - 0.00  
48.  Hind Musafir Agency 
Ltd. Promoter Group  - 0.00  
49.  Indef Manufacturing 
Ltd. Promoter Group  - 0.00  
50.  Aryan Nayan Realty 
LLP Promoter Group  - 0.00  
51.  RDR Ventures LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
52.  Aryaman Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,97,561  0.07  
53.  Nimisha Bajaj Family 
Trust  Promoter Group  4,40,211  0.16  
54.  Kumud Neelima Family 
Trust  Promoter Group  1,74,583  0.06  
55.  Kumud Nimisha Family 
Trust  Promoter Group  1,74,583  0.06  
56.  Nimisha Jaipuria Family 
Trust  Promoter Group  4,52,292  0.16  
57.  Deepa Trust  Promoter Group  2,000  0.00  
58.  Sanjali Trust  Promoter Group  2,000  0.00  
59.  Siddhant Trust  Promoter Group  4,000  0.00  
60.  Nirvaan Trust  Promoter Group  200 0.00  
61.  Nirvaan Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,58,049  0.06  
62.  Niravnayan Trust  Promoter Group  5,18,005  0.19  
63.  Rishab Trust  Promoter Group  2,000  0.00  
64.  Aryaman Trust  Promoter Group  200 0.00  
65.  Rajiv Trust  Promoter Group  1,31,000  0.05  
66.  Sanjiv Trust  Promoter Group  1,31,126  0.05  
67.  Anant Bajaj Trust  Promoter Group  1,23,233  0.04  
68.  Nirav Trust  Promoter Group  1,62,700  0.06  
69.  Sanjali Family Trust  Promoter Group  2,16,329  0.08  
70.  Siddhant Family Trust  Promoter Group  2,02,354  0.07  
 
38 Sr. No.  Name of the 
shareholder  Category  Number of 
Equity Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
71.  Rishab Family Trust  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
72.  Neelima Bajaj Swamy 
Family Trust  Promoter Group  4,55,811  0.16  
73.  Niravnayan Bajaj 
Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,48,171  0.05  
74.  Kriti Bajaj Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,48,171  0.05  
75.  Geetika Shekhar Bajaj 
Trust  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
76.  Neelima Bajaj Family 
Trust  Promoter Group  4,01,081  0.14  
77.  Madhur Nimisha 
Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,74,584  0.06  
78.  Madhur Neelima 
Family Trust  Promoter Group  1,74,584  0.06  
79.  Vanraj  Bajaj Trust  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
80.  Rajivnayan Bajaj HUF  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
81.  Sanjivnayan Bajaj HUF  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
82.  Bajaj Trading Company  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
83.  Bajaj Integrated Health 
System Pvt.  Ltd. 
(formerly known as 
Bajaj Vitality Pvt. Ltd.)  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
84.  Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
85.  Bajaj Auto Holdings 
Ltd. Promoter Group  - 0.00  
86.  SRB & Family LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
87.  DRR & Family LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
88.  NRB & Family LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
89.  SRJB Family LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
90.  SNRS Family LLP  Promoter Group  - 0.00  
91.  Aryaman Kejriwal  Promoter Group  2,09,759  0.08  
92.  Kriti Bajaj  Promoter Group  4,86,810  0.17  
Total  15,37,56,828  55.01  
 
13.9.2  Aggregate shareholding of the director(s)/ trustee(s)/ partner(s) of the companies/ 
trusts/ limited liability partnerships which are part of the Promoters and Promoter 
Group is set out below:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Niraj Bajaj  • Bachhraj & 
Company Pvt. Ltd.  
• Baroda Industries 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj Sevashram • Deepa Trust  
• Sanjali Trust  
• Rishab Trust  
• Rajiv Trust  
• Sanjiv Trust  42,103  0.02  
 
39 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Jamnalal Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Niraj Holdings 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Sanraj Nayan 
Investments Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Aryan Nayan 
Realty LLP  
• NRB & Family LLP  
• SNRS Family LLP  • Anant Bajaj 
Trust  
• Nirav Trust  
• Sanjali Family 
Trust  
• Siddhant 
Family Trust  
• Niravnayan 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  
• Kriti Bajaj 
Family Trust  
• Niravnayan 
Trust  
 
2.  Rajivnayan 
Bajaj  • Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Kamalnayan 
Investment & 
Trading Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rahul Securities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rupa Equities Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  
• RDR Ventures LLP  
• DRR & Family LLP  
• SNRS Family LLP  
 • Siddhant 
Trust  
• Sanjali Trust  
• Rishab Trust  
• Rajiv Trust  
• Sanjiv Trust  
• Anant Bajaj 
Trust  
• Nirav Trust  
• Geetika 
Shekhar Bajaj 
Trust  
• Kumud 
Neelima 
Family Trust  
• Kumud 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  
• Vanraj Bajaj 
Trust  
• Deepa Trust  
• Rishab 
Family Trust  
• Aryaman 
Family Trust  
• Nirvaan 
Family Trust  7,45,001  0.27  
3.  Sanjivnayan 
Bajaj  • Bachhraj & 
Company Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bachhraj • Deepa Trust  
• Sanjali Trust  
• Siddhant 2,00,000  0.07  
 
40 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
Factories Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Jamnalal Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Kamalnayan 
Investment & 
Trading Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rahul Securities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rupa Equities Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Sanraj Nayan 
Investments  Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  
• Bajaj Auto 
Holdings Ltd.  
• SNRS Family LLP  
• SRB & Family LLP  Trust  
• Rishab Trust  
• Rajiv Trust  
• Sanjiv Trust  
• Anant Bajaj 
Trust  
• Nirav Trust  
• Sanjali Family 
Trust  
• Siddhant 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Neelima 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  
 
4.  Shekhar Bajaj  • Bachhraj 
Factories Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  
• Shekhar Holdings 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj 
International Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Hind Musafir 
Agency Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. 
• SRJB Family LLP  • Rajiv Trust  
• Sanjiv Trust  
• Anant Bajaj 
Trust  
• Nirav Trust  
• Geetika 
Shekhar Bajaj 
Trust  
• Niravnayan 
Trust  6,020  0.00  
 
41 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
• SNRS Family LLP  
5.  Minal Bajaj  • Baroda Industries 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Niraj Holdings 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• The Hindustan 
Housing Company 
Ltd. 
• Hind Musafir 
Agency Ltd.  
• Bajaj Integrated 
Health System 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Aryan Nayan 
Realty LLP  
• NRB & Family LLP  • Niravnayan 
Trust  
• Niravnayan 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  
• Kriti Bajaj 
Family Trust  6,64,743  0.24  
6.  Kumud Bajaj  • Madhur 
Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Emerald Acres 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Sankalp Resorts 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Hind Musafir 
Agency Ltd.  • Neelima 
Bajaj Swamy 
Family Trust  
• Nimisha 
Jaipuria 
Family Trust  
• Neelima 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  
• Nimisha Bajaj 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Neelima 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  3,95,122  0.14  
7.  Neelima Bajaj 
Swamy  • Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  
• Hind Musafir 
Agency Ltd.  
• Emerald Acres 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Sankalp Resorts 
Pvt. Ltd.  • Aryaman 
Trust  
• Neelima 
Bajaj Swamy 
Family Trust  
• Nimisha Bajaj 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  
• Kumud 
Neelima 
Family Trust  1,97,561  0.07  
 
42 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
• Kumud 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  
• Nirvaan Trust  
• Neelima 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  
8.  Aditya Swamy  - • Neelima 
Bajaj Swamy 
Family Trust  - 0.00  
9.  Manish 
Kejriwal  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  • Aryaman 
Family Trust  
• Nirvaan 
Family Trust  
• Aryaman 
Trust  
• Nirvaan Trust  8,42,471  0.30  
10.  Shefali Bajaj  • SRB & Family LLP  • Sanjali Family 
Trust  
• Siddhant 
Family Trust  
 1,71,120  0.06  
11.  Nimisha 
Jaipuria  - • Nimisha 
Jaipuria 
Family Trust  
• Neelima 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  
• Kumud 
Neelima 
Family Trust  
• Madhur 
Neelima 
Family Trust  
• Nimisha Bajaj 
Family Trust  
• Kumud 
Nimisha 
Family Trust  2,00,991  0.07  
12.  Amit Jaipuria  - • Nimisha 
Jaipuria 
Family Trust  - 0.00  
13.  Pooja Bajaj  • Madhur 
Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• SRJB Family LLP  • Geetika 
Shekhar Bajaj 
Trust  
• Vanraj Bajaj 1,63,321  0.06  
 
43 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
 Trust  
14.  Kiran Bajaj  • Shekhar Holdings 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• SRJB Family LLP  • Vanraj Bajaj 
Trust  1,33,671  0.05  
15.  Nirav Nayan 
Bajaj  • Bajaj Integrated 
Health System 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Aryan Nayan 
Realty LLP  
• Madhur 
Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• NRB & Family LLP  • Kriti Bajaj 
Family Trust  7,90,066  0.28  
16.  Rishabnayan 
Bajaj  • DRR & Family LLP  - 3,66,336  0.13  
17.  Kriti Bajaj  • Aryan Nayan 
Realty LLP  • Niravnayan 
Bajaj Family 
Trust  4,86,810  0.17  
18.  Deepa Bajaj  • RDR Ventures LLP  
• DRR & Family LLP  • Rishab 
Family Trust  4,24,904  0.15  
19.  Geetika Bajaj  • SRJB Family LLP  - - 0.00  
20.  Sanjali Bajaj  • SRB & Family LLP   - 1,42,000  0.05  
21.  Siddhantnaya
n Bajaj  • SRB & Family LLP   - 1,42,000  0.05  
22.  Vinod Nevatia  • Bachhraj & 
Company Pvt. Ltd.  - 74,330  0.03  
23.  Dipak Poddar  • Bachhraj 
Factories Pvt. Ltd.  - - 0.00  
24.  Hariprasad 
Nevatia  • Jamnalal Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  
 - - 0.00  
25.  Rakesh Gupta  • Jamnalal Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• The Hindustan 
Housing Company 
Ltd. - 304 0.00  
26.  Vandan Shah  • Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. - 3,500  0.00  
27.  Girija 
Balakrishnan  • Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  
• Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. - - 0.00  
 
44 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
28.  Jayavanth 
Mallya  • Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  
• The Hindustan 
Housing Company 
Ltd. 
• Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. - 50 0.00  
29.  Samir 
Shrimankar  • Bajaj 
International Pvt. 
Ltd. - 5 0.00  
30.  Sanjay 
Murarka  • Rose Realtors Pvt. 
Ltd. - 70 0.00  
31.  Meeta Khalsa  • Rose Realtors Pvt. 
Ltd. - - 0.00  
32.  Jasmine 
Chaney  • Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  - - 0.00  
33.  Anish Praful 
Amin  • Bajaj Auto 
Holdings Ltd.  - - 0.00  
34.  Ravikumar 
Srinivasan  • Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  - 2,510  0.00  
35.  Mayur 
Chokshi  • Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  - - 0.00  
36.  Mayur 
Patwardhan  • Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  - 141 0.00  
37.  V. 
Rajagopalan  • Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  
• Bajaj Auto 
Holdings Ltd.  - - 0.00  
38.  Pramit 
Shashikant 
Jhaveri  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  - 2,665  0.00  
39.  Naushad 
Forbes  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd. - 3,500  0.00  
40.  Anami Roy  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd. - - 0.00  
41.  Rajeev Jain  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  - - 0.00  
42.  Radhika 
Haribhakti  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  - - 0.00  
43.  Arindam 
Bhattacharya  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  - - 0.00  
 
45 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
44.  Apurva 
Diwanji  • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
45.  Tarun Chugh  • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
46.  Sreenivasan 
Sivasubramon
iam • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - 400 0.00  
47.  Padmaja 
Chunduru  • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
48.  Anup 
Wadhawan  • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
49.  Srinivasa Rao 
Nagarjuna  • Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
50.  Sanjiv Nandan 
Sahai  • Bajaj Finserv Ltd.  
• Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
51.  Tarun Bajaj  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
52.  Ajay Kumar 
Choudhary  • Bajaj Finance Ltd.  - - 0.00  
53.  Abhinav 
Bindra  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  - - 0.00  
54.  Smita Mankad  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  - - 0.00  
55.  Pradip Shah  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  - 3,952  0.00  
56.  Vidya 
Yeravdekar  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  - - 0.00  
57.  Sheetal Bajaj  • Hind Musafir 
Agency Ltd.  - - 0.00  
58.  Mahendra 
Gohel  • The Hindustan 
Housing Company 
Ltd. 
• Hercules 
Investments Ltd.  - 95 0.00  
59.  Nikhil Tarkas  • The Hindustan 
Housing Company 
Ltd. - 250 0.00  
60.  Vikram 
Hosangady  • Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. - - 0.00  
61.  Amit Bhalla  • Indef 
Manufacturing 
Ltd. - - 0.00  
62.  Amanda 
Coelho  - • Aryaman 
Family Trust  - 0.00  
 
46 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
director/ 
trustee/ 
partner (as 
applicable)  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
company/ limited 
liability partnership  Name of the 
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
trust  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
held  % 
shareholding  
• Nirvaan 
Family Trust  
 
13.9.3  Aggregate shareholding of the directors and KMPs of the Company is set out below:  
 
Sr. No.  Name  Designation  Number of 
Equity 
Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Niraj Bajaj  Chairman and Non -
Executive Non -
Independent Director  42,103  0.02  
2.  Rajivnayan Bajaj  Managing Director and 
CEO 7,45,001  0.27  
3.  Sanjivnayan Bajaj  Non -Executive Non -
Independent Director  2,00,000  0.07  
4.  Pradeep 
Shrivastava  Executive Director  11,088  0.01  
5.  Rakesh Sharma  Joint Managing 
Director  6,328  0.01  
6.  Pradip Shah  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  3,952  0.00  
7.  Naushad Forbes  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  3,500  0.00  
8.  Anami Roy  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  - 0.00  
9.  Abhinav Bindra  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  - 0.00  
10.  Vinita Bali  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  - 0.00  
11.  Sangita Reddy  Non -Executive 
Independent Director  - 0.00  
12.  Dinesh Thapar  Chief Financial Officer  - 0.00  
13.  Rajiv Gandhi  Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer  130 0.00  
Total  10,12,102  0.37  
 
13.10  The aggregate of ESOPs  held by the directors and KMPs of the Company, as on the date of the 
Public Announcement , is set out below:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Designation  Vested  
ESOPs  Unvested  
ESOPs  
1.  Pradeep Shrivastava  Executive Director  30,337  24,665  
2.  Rakesh Sharma  Joint Managing Director  68,419  24,665  
3.  Dinesh Thapar  Chief Financial Officer  34,714  17,486  
4.  Rajiv Gandhi  Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer  1,102  2,202  
 
47  
13.11  No Equity Shares of the Company/ ESOPs have been purchased/ sold/ exercised by the:  
(a) Promoters and Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company; (b) director(s)/ 
trustee(s)/ partner(s) of the companies/ trusts/ limited liability partnerships which are part of 
the Promoters and Promoter Group; and (c) directors and KMPs of the C ompany , during the 
6 (six) months preced ing the date of the Board Meeting , and during the 12 (twelve ) months 
preceding the Public Announcement, except as set out below:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Aggregate 
number of 
Equity 
Shares 
purchased 
or sold  Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
Equity 
Share  
(in INR)  Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
Equity 
Share  
(in INR)  Date of 
minimum 
price  
Promoters and Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company  
1.  Maharashtra 
Scooters Ltd.  13,461  Market 
purchase  8,939.90  March 27, 
2026  8,939.90  March 27, 
2026  
35,000  9,104.75  March 25, 
2026  9,104.75  March 25, 
2026  
2.  Aryan Nayan 
Bajaj  1,00,000  Gift received  - March 6, 
2026  - March 6, 
2026  
3.  Nirav Nayan 
Bajaj  (1,00,000)  Gift given  - March 6, 
2026  - March 6, 
2026  
4.  Shefali Bajaj  54,000  Gift received  - December 
30, 2025  - December 
30, 2025  
5.  Sanjali Bajaj  (27,000)  Gift given  - December 
30, 2025  - December 
30, 2025  
6.  Siddhantnayan 
Bajaj  (27,000)  Gift given  - December 
30, 2025  - December 
30, 2025  
7.  Nirav Trust  1,62,700  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
8.  Sanjiv Trust  1,31,126  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
9.  Rajiv Trust  1,31,000  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
10.  Anant Bajaj 
Trust  1,23,233  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
11.  Niraj Holdings 
Pvt. Ltd.  53,626  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
12.  Rupa Equities 
Pvt. Ltd.  53,500  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
13.  Rahul Securities 
Pvt. Ltd.  53,300  Market 
purchase  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
14.  Sanjali Bajaj  (2,92,626)  Market sale  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
15.  Siddhantnayan 
Bajaj  (2,92,626)  Market sale  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
16.  Sanjivnayan 
Bajaj  
 
 (1,23,233)  Market sale  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  9,110.00  December 
29, 2025  
 
48 Sr. 
No. Name  Aggregate 
number of 
Equity 
Shares 
purchased 
or sold  Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
Equity 
Share  
(in INR)  Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
Equity 
Share  
(in INR)  Date of 
minimum 
price  
Directors of the companies which are part of the Promoters and Promoter Group  
17.  Rajeev Jain  (600)  Market sale  9,114.45  September 
12, 2025  9,114.45  September 
12, 2025  
18.  Mahendra 
Gohel  95 Gift received  - August 25, 
2025  - August 25, 
2025  
19.  Mayur 
Patwardhan  (2) Market sale  8,228.00  August 7, 
2025  8,228.00  August 7, 
2025  
Directors of the Company  
20.  Pradeep 
Shrivastava  11,013  Exercise of 
ESOPs  3,892.10  December 
9, 2025  3,889.75  December 
9, 2025  
 
KMPs of the Company  
21.  Rajiv Gandhi  130 Exercise of 
ESOPs  4,332.10  March 10, 
2026  4,332.10  March 10, 
2026  
200 4,332.10  September 
29, 2025  4,332.10  September 
29, 2025  
300 4,332.10  September 
8, 2025  4,332.10  September 
8, 2025  
(70) Market Sale  9,350.00  December 
31, 2025  9,350.00  December 
31, 2025  
(100)  9,137.50  December 
22, 2025  9,137.50  December 
22, 2025  
(130)  9,030.00  November 
24, 2025  9,030.00  November 
24, 2025  
(200)  9,371.00  September 
10, 2025  9,371.00  September 
10, 2025  
(80) 8,410.00  June 24, 
2025  8,410.00  June 24, 
2025  
 
13.12  Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up to their Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters 
and Promoter Group after the completion of the Buyback will increase to 55.95% of the post 
Buyback equity share capital of the Company from 55.01% of the pre -Buyback equity share 
capital of the Company.  
 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY  
 
14.1 The Company was incorporated on April 30, 2007 as Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited. 
After the demerger of erstwhile Bajaj Auto Limited, the manufacturing undertaking of 
erstwhile Bajaj Auto Limited was vested with the Company and the name of the company was 
changed to Bajaj Auto Limit ed vide fresh certificate of incorporation issued by the Registrar of 
Companies, Maharashtra, Pune dated March 5, 2008. The Equity Shares of the Company are 
listed on BSE (Code: 532977) and NSE (Symbol: BAJAJ -AUTO). The ISIN of the Equity Shares is 
INE917I 01010.  
 
 
49 14.2 The Promoters and Promoter Group currently hold 5 5.01 % of the  equity share capital of the 
Company . The Company is engaged in the business of development, manufacturing and 
distribution of automobiles such as motorcycles, commercial vehicles, electric two -wheelers  
and three -wheelers  and parts thereof.  The Company has major manufacturing plants in 
Chakan near Pune, Waluj near Chhatrapati  Sambhajinagar , and Pantnagar in Uttarakhand . 
 
14.3 The registered office of the Company is located at Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune 
Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035.  
 
14.4 Performance of the Company on a standalone basis in brief:  
 
14.4.1  For the financial year ended March 31, 2026, the Company’s reported revenue of 
approximately INR 58,732.48 crore  was higher by 17.4 % against approximately INR 
50,010.31 crore  for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
14.4.2  Further, the net profit of approximately INR 9,824.66  crore was higher by 20.5% for 
the year ended March 31, 2026 over the previous financial year ’s net profit of 
approximately INR 8,151.42 crore . 
 
14.5 Performance of the Company on a consolidated basis in brief:  
 
14.5.1  For the financial year ended March 31, 2026, the Company’s reported revenue of 
approximately INR 62,905.00  crore  was higher by 23.4% against approximately INR 
50,994.55 crore  for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
14.5.2  Further, the net profit of approximately INR 10,574.50  crore  was higher by 44.4%  for 
the year ended March 31, 2026 over the previous financial year ’s net profit of 
approximately INR 7,324.73  crore . 
 
14.6 The current authorised share capital of the Company is INR 300,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
Three Hundred Crore only) consisting of 30,00,00,000 (Thirty Crore) Equity Shares (having face 
value of INR 10 /- (Indian Rupees Ten) each ). The total paid -up share capital of the Company is 
INR 279,49,78,380 /- (Indian Rupees  Two Hundred and Seventy Nine Crore Forty Nine Lakh 
Seve nty Eight Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty  only ) comprising of 27,94,97,838 (Twenty 
Seven Crore  Ninety Four Lakh Ninety Seven Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty Eight ) Equity 
Shares (having face value of INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten) each).  
 
14.7 The history of the Equity Share capital history of the Company  is set out below : 
 
Date of 
allotment/ 
Extinguishment  Number of 
equity 
shares  Face 
value  
(INR)  Issue price  
(INR)  Nature of 
transaction/  
Mode of 
allotment  Cumulative 
number of 
equity shares  Cumulative 
paid -up equity 
share capital 
(INR)  
April 3, 2008  14,46,83,51
0 10 NA Initial 
Capital at 
the time of 
Demerger  14,46,83,510  1,44,68,35,100  
September 13, 
2010  14,46,83,51
0 10 NA Bonus Issue 
(1:1)  28,93,67,020  2,89,36,70,200  
July 16, 2022  (8,75,207)  10 3,900.31  Buyback(1) 28,84,91,813  2,88,49,18,130  
July 29, 2022  (7,75,335)  28,77,16,478  2,87,71,64,780  
August 13, 2022  (7,25,272)  28,69,91,206  2,86,99,12,060  
 
50 August 27, 2022  (7,38,750)  28,62,52,456  2,86,25,24,560  
September 09, 
2022  (13,56,962)  28,48,95,494  2,84,89,54,940  
September 22, 
2022  (12,15,733)  28,36,79,761  2,83,67,97,610  
October 05, 2022  (25,000)  28,36,54,761  2,83,65,47,610  
October 15, 2022  (6,97,403)  28,29,57,358  2,82,95,73,580  
November 29, 
2023  2,22,398  10 3,890.84(2) ESOPs  28,31,79,756  2,83,17,97,560  
March 20, 2024  (301)  10 10,000  Buyback(3) 28,31,79,455  2,83,17,94,550  
March 26, 2024  (39,99,699)  10 10,000  27,91,79,756  2,79,17,97,560  
August 23, 2024  77,852  10 3,768.13(2) ESOPs  27,92,57,608  2,79,25,76,080  
December 12, 
2025  2,40,230  10 3,891.50(2) ESOPs  27,94,97,838  2,79,49,78,380  
Notes : 
(1) The Company had bought back 64,09,662 ( Sixty Four Lakh Nine Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Two ) Equity 
Shares at a volume -weighted average price of INR 3,900.31 /- (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Nine Hundred 
and Paise Thirty One only)  per Equity Share  pursuant to the open market buyback . 
(2) Represents weighted average exercise price of Equity Shares allotted upon exercise of ESOPs by the 
employees of the Company . 
(3) The Company had bought back 40,00,000 ( Forty Lakh ) Equity Shares at a price of INR 10,000 /- (Indian 
Rupees Ten Thousand only)  per Equity Share through the tender offer buyback . 
 
14.8 The details of the Board of Directors of the Company as on the date of Public Announcement 
is as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
1.  Niraj Bajaj  
Age:  71 years  
Occupation : 
Business  
DIN: 00028261  Bachelor of 
Commerce, 
Mumbai 
University , and 
Master in 
Business 
Administration, 
Harvard 
University  Date of 
appointment : 
January 30, 
2008  Non -Executive – 
Non - 
Independent 
Director, 
Chairperson 
related to 
Promoter  • Bajaj General 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Bajaj Life 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Mukand Ltd.  
• Baroda 
Industries Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Jamnalal Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bachhraj & 
Company Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Mukand Sumi 
Special Steel 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Jeewan Ltd.  
 
51 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Niraj Holdings 
Pvt Ltd.  
• Sanraj Nayan 
Investments 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• CSEP Research 
Foundation  
• IMC Chamber of 
Commerce and 
Industry  
• Foundation for 
Promotion of 
Sports and 
Games  
• Mahakalpa 
Arogya 
Pratisthan  
• Bhoopati 
Shikshan 
Pratisthan  
• JSPL Investment 
Managers Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Aryan Nayan 
Realty LLP  
• NRB & Family 
LLP 
• SNRS Family LLP  
2.  Rajivnayan Bajaj  
Age: 59 years  
Occupation :  
Business  
DIN: 00018262  Bachelor in 
Mechanical 
Engineering, 
Pune University , 
and Master of 
Science in 
Manufacturing 
Systems 
Engineering, The 
University of 
Warwick  Date of 
appointment : 
April 30, 2007  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
April 1, 2025  
 Managing 
Director and CEO  • Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Holdings & 
Investment Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Finserv 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Auto 
Credit Ltd.  
• Rahul  Securities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Kamalnayan  
Investment & 
Trading Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rupa  Equities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Mahakalpa 
Arogya 
Pratisthan  
 
52 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Bajaj Finance 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Auto 
Technology Ltd.  
• Bhoopati  
Shikshan 
Pratisthan  
• RDR Ventures  
LLP 
• SNRS Family  LLP 
• DRR & Family 
LLP 
3.  Sanjivnayan 
Bajaj  
Age: 56 years  
Occupation :  
Business  
DIN: 00014615  Bachelor in 
Mechanical 
Engineering, 
Pune University , 
and Master of 
Science in 
Manufacturing 
Systems 
Engineering, The 
University of 
Warwick  Date of 
appointment : 
April 30, 2007  Non -Executive – 
Non -
Independent 
Director  • Maharashtra  
Scooters Ltd.  
• Bajaj General 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Life 
Insurance Ltd.  
• Jamnalal  Sons 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bachhraj 
Factories Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Bachhraj  & 
Company Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Sevashram 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment  Ltd. 
• Bajaj Housing 
Finance Ltd.  
• Kamalnayan  
Investment & 
Trading Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rahul  Securities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Rupa Equities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Sanraj  Nayan 
Investments 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj Finance  
Ltd. 
• Bajaj Finserv  
Ltd. 
 
53 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Bajaj Finserv 
Asset 
Management 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Auto 
Holdings Ltd.  
• SNRS  Family LLP  
• SRB & Family 
LLP 
• Indian  School of 
Business  
• Mahakalpa  
Arogya 
Pratisthan  
• Bhoopati  
Shikshan 
Pratisthan  
4.  Pradeep 
Shrivastava  
Age: 66 years  
Occupation : 
Service  
DIN: 07464437  Bachelor of 
Technology in 
Mechanical 
Engineering, IIT 
Delhi , and Post 
Graduate 
Diploma in 
Management, 
IIM Bangalore  Date of 
appointment : 
April 1, 2016  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
April 1, 2026  Executive 
Director  • Bajaj Mobility  
AG 
• KTM AG  
5.  Naushad Forbes  
Age: 66 years  
Occupation : 
Professional  
DIN: 00630825  Doctorate in 
Philosophy, The 
Leland Stanford 
Junior University  Date of 
appointment : 
May 18, 2017  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
May 18, 2022  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Ralson Tyres 
Ltd. 
• Forbes Marshall 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• J N Marshall  Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Forbes Marshall 
Arca Pvt. Ltd. 
• FORBESVYNCKE  
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Finance 
Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Holdings & 
Investment  Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Finserv 
Ltd. 
• Zodiac  Clothing 
Company Ltd.  
• Weikfield  Re 
Estates 1 LLP  
 
54 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Ctier Impact  
Forum  
• Centre  for 
Technology 
Innovation and 
Economic 
Research  
• Nayanta  
Education 
Foundation  
• Singapore - 
India 
Partnership  
Foundation 
(India)  
• Forbes  Marshall 
Technology Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Pidilite  
Industries Ltd.  
• Code l 
International 
Inc. UK  
• Forbes  Marshall 
Husni  
• Forbes  Marshall 
Inc. 
• Forbes  Marshall 
Pvt. Ltd., 
Bangladesh  
• Forbes Marshall 
International 
PTE. Ltd., 
Singapore  
• Forbes  Marshall 
(Thailand) 
Company Ltd.  
• Forbes  Marshall 
Holdings PTE. 
Ltd. 
• PT Forbes 
Marshall 
Indonesia  
• Thomson  
Reuters 
Founders Share 
Company  
 
55 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
6.  Anami Roy  
Age: 76 years  
Occupation:  
Professional  
DIN: 01361110  Master’s degree 
in History from 
the University of 
Allahabad, and 
M.Phil. in Public 
Administration  Date of 
appointment : 
September 14, 
2017  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
September 14, 
2022  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Siemens  Ltd. 
• Bajaj  Housing 
Finance Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Finserv 
Ltd. 
• Good Host 
Spaces ( Sonipat ) 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Bajaj  Finance 
Ltd. 
• Elevate  
Campuses Ltd.  
• Vandana  
Foundation  
7.  Rakesh Sharma  
Age: 63 years  
Occupation : 
Service  
DIN: 08262670  Bachelor in 
Commerce, 
University of 
Delhi , and Post 
Graduate 
Diploma in 
Management, 
IIM Ahmedabad  Date of 
appointment : 
June 1, 2026  
 Joint Managing 
Director  • Bajaj Auto 
Credit Ltd.  
• Bajaj Auto 
Technology Ltd.  
• P T Bajaj Auto 
Indonesia  
• Bajaj Auto 
(Thailand) Ltd.  
• Mahratta 
Chamber of 
Commerce 
Industries and 
Agriculture  
• Bajaj Do Brasil 
Comercio De 
Motocicletas  
8.  Pradip Shah  
Age: 73 years  
Occupation : 
Professional  
DIN: 00066242  Chartered 
Accountant, 
Institute of 
Chartered 
Accountants of 
India , and Master 
in Business 
Administration, 
Harvard 
University  Date of 
appointment : 
April 1, 2019  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
April 1, 2024  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment  Ltd. 
• Helios  
Greentech Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Ambit  Pvt. Ltd.  
• Franklin 
Templeton 
Asset  
Management 
(India) Pvt. Ltd.  
• Indasia  Fund 
Advisors Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Pangea 
Econetassets 
Pvt. Ltd.  
 
56 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Universal  
Trustees Pvt.  
Ltd. 
• Assets  Care & 
Reconstruction 
Enterprise Ltd.  
• TKIL Industries 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Mane  Kancor 
Ingredients Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Godrej  And 
Boyce 
Manufacturing 
Company Ltd.  
• Pfizer Ltd.  
• BASF India Ltd.  
• Bajaj Auto 
Credit Ltd.  
• Grow Trees 
Private Limited  
• Supra Advisors 
(BVI) Ltd.  
9.  Abhinav Bindra  
Age: 43 years  
Occupation : 
Professional  
DIN: 00929250  Bachelor's 
degree in 
Business 
Administration, 
University of 
Colorado  Date of 
appointment : 
May 20, 2020  
 
Date of re -
appointment : 
May 20, 2025  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Bajaj Holdings & 
Investment  Ltd. 
• Hi-Tech  
Livestock 
Company Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• IBS Synergies 
(India) Pvt. Ltd.  
• EMS Tecfit20 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Abhinav 
Futuristics Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Integrative 
Education LLP  
10.  Vinita Bali  
Age:  70 years  
Occupation : 
Professional  
DIN: 00032940  Master of 
Management 
Studies (MMS) , 
Jamnalal Bajaj 
Institute of 
Management 
Studies  
 Date of 
appointment : 
April 1, 2024  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Rhea Healthcare 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Cognizant 
Foundation  
• Syngene 
International 
Ltd. 
 
57 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Cognizant 
Technology 
Solutions, USA  
• SATS Ltd. 
(Singapore)  
11.  Sangita Reddy  
Age: 63 years  
Occupation : 
Professional  
DIN: 00006285  Post Graduate 
Courses in 
Hospital 
Administration, 
Rutgers 
University, 
Conferred an 
Honorary 
Doctorate, 
Macquarie 
University, 
Sydney , and 
Honorary 
Doctorate, 
AMITY University  Date of 
appointment : 
July 16, 2024  Non -Executive - 
Independent 
Director  • Apollo Hospitals 
Enterprise Ltd.  
• Bpositive Foods 
& Beverages 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Indraprastha 
Medical 
Corporation Ltd.  
• PCR 
Investments Ltd.  
• Healthnet 
Global Ltd.  
• Elixir 
Communities 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Searchlight 
Health Pvt. Ltd.  
• Apollo Home 
Healthcare Ltd.  
• AMG Healthcare 
Destination Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Apollo Health 
and Lifestyle 
Ltd. 
• Millet Marvels 
Superfoods LLP  
• Apollo Healthco 
Ltd. 
• Apollo 
Telehealth 
Services Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Apollo 
Knowledge 
Ventures Ltd.  
• Apollo 
Radiology 
International 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Nexify Health 
Pvt. Ltd.  
 
58 Sr. 
No. Name, Age and 
Occupation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re- 
appointment  Designation  Directorships in 
other companies, 
bodies corporate 
and other bodies  
• Health Axis Pvt. 
Ltd. 
• Infinite Care 
Pvt. Ltd.  
• Greenworksbio 
Products Pvt. 
Ltd. 
 
 
14.9 The details of changes in Board of Directors during the last 3 (three) years preceding  the date 
of the Public Announcement  i.e., June 19, 2026 , are as under:  
 
Name of the Director  Appointment/ Re -
appointment/ 
Resignation/ 
Cessation  Effective Date  Reason  
D J Balaji Rao  Cessation  November 28, 
2023  Cessation due to death  
Lila Poonawalla  Cessation  March 31, 2024  Retirement from the Board due to 
completion of term of appointment 
of 5 (five) years  
Rakesh Sharma  Re-appointment  January 1, 2024  Reappointed as Whole Time Director  
Madhur Bajaj  Resignation  January 24, 2024  Resigned due to health issues  
Vinita Bali  Appointment  April 1, 2024  Appointed as Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  
Sangita Reddy  Appointment  July 16, 2024  Appointed as Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  
Pradip Shah  Re-appointment  April 1, 2024  Re-appointed as Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  
Rajiv Bajaj  Re-appointment  April 1, 2025  Re-appointed as Managing Director 
and CEO  
Abhinav Bindra  Re-appointment  May 20, 2025  Re-appointed as Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  
Pradeep Shrivastava  Re-appointment  April 1, 2026  Re-appointed as Executive Director  
Rakesh Sharma  Appointment  June 1, 2026  Re-designation and appointment as 
Joint Managing Director  
 
14.10  The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoters and Promoter Group and persons 
in control of the Company or any directors or KMPs of the Company, except to the extent of 
the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their res pective 
participation, if any, in the Buyback in their capacity as equity shareholders of the Company, 
and the change in their holding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to re duction in the equity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback, as the case may be. Any change in voting rights of the Promoters and 
Promoter Group pursuant to completion of Buyback will not result in any change in control 
over the Company.  
 
 
59 15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  
 
15.1 The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act, read with the relevant rules issued 
thereunder (“ Ind AS ”). 
 
15.2 The salient features of the financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited  
standalone  financial statements and the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the last 3 (three) financial years ended March 31, 202 6, March 31, 202 5, and 
March 31, 202 4 are set out  below:  
 
Standalone:  
(Amount in INR crore)  
Particulars  For the year ended  
March 31, 
2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 
2024  
Revenue from operations  58,732.48  50,010.31  44,685.23  
Other income  1,562.92  1,420.94  1,402.45  
Total income  60,295.40  51,431.25  46,087.68  
Total expenses (excluding finance costs, 
depreciation and amortization 
expenses)  46,715.87  39,911.55  35,862.33  
Finance costs  35.93  67.72  53.50  
Depreciation and amortization expense  448.21  400.09  349.84  
Total expenses  47,200.01  40,379.36  36,265.67  
Profit before exceptional items and tax  13,095.39  11,051.89  9,822.01  
Exceptional item  (23.80 ) - - 
Profit before tax  13,071.59  11,051.89  9,822.01  
Total tax expense  3,246.93  2,900.47  2,343.22  
Profit after tax  9,824.66  8,151.42  7,478.79  
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) (1,257.60)  1,223.24  765.13  
Total comprehensive income for the 
year  8,567.06  9,374.66  8,243.92  
     
Equity Share Capital  279.50  279.26  279.18  
Other Equity  34,695.17  31,867.68  24,581.32  
Total Equity /Net Worth  34,974.67  32,146.94  24,860.50  
Total Debt  - 800.00  834.05  
 
Key Ratios:  
(Amount in INR, except certain ratios)  
Particulars  For the year ended  
March 31, 
2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 
2024  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) 352.0  292.1  264.6  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) 351.5  291.5  264.3  
Debt equity ratio  - 0.02  0.03  
Book value per Equity Share ( INR)  1,251.3  1,151.2  890.5  
 
60 Particulars  For the year ended  
March 31, 
2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 
2024  
Return on Net worth (%)  29.3%  28.6%  29.7%  
 
Notes:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share  Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity 
Shares outstanding during the year  
Diluted Earnings per Equity 
Share  Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity 
Shares outstanding during the year, adjusted with dilutive 
potential ordinary shares  
Debt  equity ratio  Total Debt/ Total Equity  
Book value per Equity Share  Closing Net Worth / Number of Equity Shares outstanding 
at the end of the period  
Return on Networth  Profit after tax / Average net worth  
 
Consolidated:  
(Amount in INR crore)  
Particulars  For the year ended  
March 31, 
2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 
2024  
Revenue from operations  62,905.00  50,994.55  44,870.43  
Other income  2,182.22  1,474.41  1,436.02  
Total income  65,087.22  52,468.96  46,306.45  
Total expenses (excluding finance costs, 
depreciation and amortization 
expenses)  49,843.93  40,526.82  36,108.87  
Finance costs  1,168.59  388.90  60.36  
Depreciation and amortization expense  644.69  414.23  364.77  
Total expenses  51,657.21  41,329.95  36,534.00  
Share of profits/ (loss) of associate  560.74  (915.48)  267.59  
Profit before exceptional items and tax  13,990.75  10,223.53  10,040.04  
Exceptional item  (39.21 ) - - 
Profit before tax  13,951.54  10,223.53  10,040.04  
Total tax expense  3,377.04  2,898.80  2,331.80  
Profit after tax  10,574.50  7,324.73  7,708.24  
Profit attributable to non -controlling 
interest  (169.71)  - - 
Profit for the year  10,744.21  7,324.73  7,708.24  
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) (1,361.63)  1,314.99  745.73  
Total comprehensive income for the 
year  9,212.87  8,639.72  8,453.97  
    
Profit Attributable to:     
-  Owners of the Company  10,744.21  7,324.73  7,708.24  
-  Non controlling interest  (169.71)  - - 
 
61 Total comprehensive income 
attributable to:     
-  Owners of the Company  9,382.58  8,639.72  8,453.97  
-  Non controlling interest  (169.71)  - -     
Equity Share Capital  279.50  279.26  279.18  
Other Equity  38,552.49  34,909.48  28,683.23  
Net Worth  38,831.99  35,188.74  28,962.41  
Non -controlling interest  1,388.43  0.01  0.01  
Total Equity  40,220.42  35,188.75  28,962.42  
Total Debt  21,980.59  9,236.52  1,785.90  
 
Key Ratios:  
(Amount in INR, except certain ratios)  
Particulars  For the year ended  
March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025  March 31, 
2024  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) 385.0  262.4  272.7  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) 384.4  262.0  272.4  
Debt equity ratio  0.55  0.26  0.06  
Book value per Equity Share ( INR) 1,389.3  1,260.1  1,037.4  
Return on Net worth (%)  29.0 % 22.8%  26.4%  
 
Notes:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share  Profit attributable to owners of the company / Weighted 
average number of Equity Shares outstanding during the 
year  
Diluted Earnings per Equity 
Share  Profit attributable to owners of the company/ Weighted 
average number of Equity Shares  outstanding during the 
year, adjusted with dilutive potential ordinary shares  
Debt  equity ratio  Total Debt/ Total Equity (including non -controlling 
interest)  
Book value per Equity Share  Closing Net Worth / Number of Equity Shares outstanding 
at the end of the period  
Return on Net worth  Profit attributable to owners of the company / Average 
net worth  
 
15.3 The Company shall comply with the Takeover Regulations, wherever and if applicable. The 
Company hereby declares that it has complied with and will comply with Sections 68, 69 and 
70 and other applicable provisions of the Act, as may be applicable to the Bu yback.  
 
16. STOCK MARKET DATA  
 
16.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE and NSE. The Equity Shares are currently 
traded under the scrip code 532977  at BSE and trading code BAJAJ -AUTO  at NSE.  The ISIN of 
the Equity Shares is INE917I01010 . 
 
 
62 16.2 The high, low and average market prices in preceding 3 (three) financial years and the monthly 
high, low and average market prices for the 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement, and the corresponding volumes on BSE and NSE are given below : 
 
BSE: 
 
Period  High  Low  Average 
(INR)(3) Total Volume 
traded in the 
period (No. of 
Equity Shares)  High 
(INR)(1) Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that date  Low 
(INR)(2) Date of 
Low  No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
Traded  
Preceding 3 (three) years  
April 1, 2025 to 
March 31, 2026  10,186.60  February 
26, 2026  9,002  7,088.25  April 7, 
2025  21,816  8,831.87  32,21,503  
April 1, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025  12,772.15  September 
27, 2024  12,160  7,308.00  March 5, 
2025  22,556  9,446.12  34,62,996  
April 1, 2023 to 
March 31, 2024  9,284.65  March 27, 
2024  23,660  3,890.30  April 3, 
2023  14,535  5,734.91  41,10,892  
Preceding 6 (six) months  
June 1, 2026 to 
June 22, 2026  10,616.95  June 1, 
2026  29,216  9,902.00  June 16, 
2026  11,929  10,161.53  2,29,465  
May 1, 2026 to 
May 31, 2026  10,834.95  May 27, 
2026  40,511  10,019.00  May 5, 
2026  5,909  10,437.01  3,88,920  
April 1, 2026 to 
April 30, 2026  10,045.00  April 30, 
2026  48,773  8,624.90  April 2, 
2026  13,119  9,531.55  3,47,667  
March 1, 2026 to 
March 31, 2026  9,920.00  March 2, 
2026  9,594  8,720.20  March 30, 
2026  9,337  9,220.12  2,08,531  
February 1, 2026 
to February 28, 
2026  10,186.60  February 
26, 2026  9,002  9,180.75  February 1, 
2026  43,066  9,767.87  1,87,343  
January 1, 2026 
to January 31, 
2026  9,883.30  January 8, 
2026  21,570  9,074.65  January 21, 
2026  5,493  9,502.19  3,97,573  
December 1, 
2025 to 
December 31, 
2025 9,396.55  December 
31, 2025  17,207  8,735.00  December 
18, 2025  32,567  9,057.18  2,99,821  
Source:  www.bseindia.com  
Notes : 
(1) High of daily high prices  
(2) Low of daily low prices  
(3) Arithmetic average of daily closing prices  
 
NSE:  
 
Period  High  Low  Average 
(INR)(3) Total Volume 
traded in the 
period (No. of 
Equity Shares)  High 
(INR)(1) Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that date  Low 
(INR)(2) Date of 
Low  No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
Traded  
 
63 Preceding 3 (three) years  
April 1, 2025 to 
March 31, 2026  10,187.00  February 
26, 2026  1,77,814  7,089.35  April 7, 
2025  4,69,629  8,832.72  9,12,08,569  
April 1, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025  12,774.00  September 
27, 2024  4,80,852  7,301.00  March 5, 
2025  7,49,464  9,446.43  11,79,81,247  
April 1, 2023 to 
March 31, 2024  9,287.80  March 27, 
2024  10,34,030  3,888.20  April 3, 
2023  4,97,915  5,736.02  11,51,78,642  
Preceding 6 (six) months  
June 1, 2026 to 
June 22, 2026  10,619.00  June 1, 
2026  4,26,434  9,902.00  June 16, 
2026  2,03,949  10,163.38  59,84,033  
May 1, 2026 to 
May 31, 2026  10,834. 00 May 27, 
2026  3,17,630  10,016.00 May 5, 
2026  2,33,441  10,438.50  83,92,431  
April 1, 2026 to 
April 30, 2026  10,045.00  April 30, 
2026  12,09,264  8,624. 00 April 2, 
2026  2,54,975  9,532.08  82,26,889  
March 1, 2026 to 
March 31, 2026  9,941.50  March 2, 
2026  3,30,330  8,742.50  March 16, 
2026  5,80,318  9,220. 26 70,71,830  
February 1, 2026 
to February 28, 
2026  10,187.00  February 
26, 2026  1,77,814  9,175.50  February 1, 
2026  5,04,289  9,770.64  56,28,310  
January 1, 2026 
to January 31, 
2026  9,888.00  January 8, 
2026  5,34,086  9,072.00  January 21, 
2026  3,23,092  9,502. 60 72,21,027  
December 1, 
2025 to 
December 31, 
2025  9,398.00  December 
31, 2025  3,19,864  8,735.00  December 
18, 2025  3,38,487  9,059.45  74,29,345  
Source:  www.nseindia.com  
Notes : 
(1) High of daily high prices  
(2) Low of daily low prices  
(3) Arithmetic average of daily closing prices  
 
16.3 The notice of the Board Meeting convened to consider the proposal of the Buyback was given 
to BSE and NSE  on Thurs day, April  30, 202 6, i.e., the Intimation Date . The Board, at its meeting 
held on Wednes day, May  6, 202 6, approved the proposal for the Buyback at a price of 
INR 12,000 /- (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity S hare , and the intimation was 
sent to BSE and NSE  on the same day. The closing market price of the Equity Shares on  BSE 
and NSE  during this period, are summari sed below:   
 
Event  Date  BSE  
(in INR) NSE  
(in INR) 
1 (one) trading day prior to the Intimation 
Date  April 29, 2026  9,542.10  9,543.50  
Intimation Date  April 30, 2026  9,997.75  9,994.00  
1 (one) trading day post the Intimation 
Date  May 4, 2026  10,130.95  10,132.00  
1 (one) trading day prior to the Board 
Meeting  May 5, 2026  10,043.45  10,046.00  
Date of the Board Meeting  May 6, 2026  10,314.60  10,319.00  
1 (one) trading day post the Board Meeting  May 7, 2026  10,606.75  10,605.00  
 
64 Date of Public Announcement  June 19, 2026  10,065.85  10,066.00  
Date of publication of the Public 
Announcement  June 22, 2026  10,198.30  10,191.00  
1 (one) trading day post the publication of 
the Public Announcement  June 23, 2026  10,015.45  10,025.00  
Source:  www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com   
 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  
 
17.1 The Board, at its meeting held on Wednesday, May 6, 2026, approved the proposal for the 
Buyback. The shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special 
resolution, through postal ballot only by voting through electronic means pursuant to the 
Postal Ballot Notice, the results of which were announced on Thursday, June 18, 2026.  
 
17.2 The Buyback is subject to approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may 
be necessary and subject to any conditions and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or 
imposed by the statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as r equired under 
applicable laws, including but not limited to SEBI, ROC, the Stock Exchanges, and/ or other 
authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and 
modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granti ng such approvals, permissions, 
consents, exemptions and sanctions, which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
17.3 The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such Eligible Shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
Eligible Shareholder shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such  statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approval from the RBI, if any) as may be required 
by them in order to sell their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An 
Eligible Shareholder would be required to provide  copies of all such consents and approvals 
obtained by them to the Registrar to the Buyback. The Buyback of Equity Shares from Non -
Resident Shareholders will be subject to approvals, if any, of the appropriate authorities, 
including under FEMA, as applicab le. It is the obligation of such Non -Resident Shareholders, 
to obtain such approvals and submit such approvals along with the Tender Form, so as to 
enable them to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback and for the Company to purchase such 
Equity Shares, tende red. The Company will have the right to make payment to the Eligible 
Shareholders in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and not accept Equity 
Shares from the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom prior RBI approval is required in the 
even t copies of such approvals are not submitted.  
 
17.4 By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including each Non -
Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory/statutory filings and 
compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form FC-TRS. Further, 
by agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby (a) authorises the 
Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if necessary, to be 
undertaken by the Company, for making any regulator y/statutory filings and compliances on 
behalf of such Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the 
Company for making any such regulatory/statutory filings and compliances.  
 
17.5 As of date, there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the 
Buyback, other than that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes 
applicable subsequently, the Buyback will be subject to such statutory or reg ulatory 
approval(s). In the event of any delay in receipt of any statutory  or regulatory approvals, 
 
65 changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback, if any, shall be intimated to the Stock 
Exchanges.  
 
17.6 The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are Non -Resident Shareholders , shall be 
subject to the FEMA and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act and 
rules and regulations framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject to the receipt/  
provision by such Eligible Shareholders of such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or 
required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, approvals from the RBI 
under the FEMA and rules and regulations framed thereunder, i f any.  
 
17.7 The reporting requirements for Non -Resident Shareholders under RBI, FEMA and any other 
rules, regulations, guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible 
Shareholders and/  or the Seller Member through which the Eligible Shareholder places the 
bid. 
 
17.8 In case of non -receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents, but receipt of 
Equity Shares in the accounts of the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange 
bidding system, the bid by such Eligible Shareholder shall be deemed to have b een accepted.  
 
17.9 The covenants in relation to financing arrangements/ borrowings with lenders are not being 
breached pursuant to the Buyback and accordingly prior consent of such lenders in terms of 
Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I(xii) of the Buyback Regulations is not r equired.  
 
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRE  
 
18.1 Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback can send the 
Tender Form by  speed post or hand deliver the same, along with the TRS generated by the 
exchange bidding system and all relevant documents by super -scribing the envelope as “Bajaj 
Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026”, to the Registrar to the Buyback at its office set out b elow, 
so that the same are received on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., July 7, 2026 , by 5:00 
PM (IST).  
 
 KFin  Technologies Limited  
Address : Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32, Financial 
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, 
Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person : Mr . M. Murali Krishna  
Tel. No. : +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001  
Fax No. : +91 40 6716 1563  
Email : bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Website : www.kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance E -mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221  
Validity Period : Permanent Registration  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
 
18.2 In case of any query, the Eligible Shareholders may contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from 
Monday to Friday between 10:00 AM (IST) to 5:00 PM (IST) on all working days except public 
holidays at the above -mentioned address.  
 
18.3 After the confirmation of lien marked in demat account of the Eligible Shareholders to the 
Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid for buyback shall 

 
66 be deemed to have been accepted for Eligible Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in 
dematerialised form.  
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS (OTHER THAN NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS (EXCEPT FIIs/ FPIs))  
HOLDING AND TENDERING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMATERIALISED FORM ARE NOT REQUIRED 
TO SUBMIT THE TENDER FORM AND THE TRS . 
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND 
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE COMPANY OR TO THE 
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK. ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO ENSURE THAT THE 
TENDER FORM, TRS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS ARE COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECTS. 
OTHERWISE, THE SAME ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
19.1 The Company proposes to Buyback  up to 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) 
Equity Shares, representing up to 1.68 % of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up 
equity share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026, from the Eligible Shareholders, on 
a proportionate basis, through the Tender Offer route using Stock Exchange Mechanism, at a 
price of INR 12,00 0/- (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share , payable in cash , 
for an aggregate amount up to INR 5,632,80,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Six 
Hundred Thirty Two Crore and Eighty Lakh only) excluding the Transaction Costs, which 
constitutes 16.93% and 15.59% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share cap ital and 
free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone financial statements and 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, re spectively, 
which is within the statutory limit of 25% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share 
capital and free reserves of the Company based on the audited standalone financial 
statements and audited consolidated financial statements of the Com pany as on March 31, 
2026, under the shareholders’ approval route as per Section 68 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act and Regulation 5 and other applicable provisions of the Buyback 
Regulations. Further, the Equity Shares proposed to be bought bac k represent up to 1.68% of 
the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the Company as on 
March 31, 2026, and the same is within the 25% limit as per the provisions of the Act and 
Regulation 4(i) of the Buyback Regulations. The Buyback is pursuant to Article 40 of the 
Articles of Association and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, and rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules, 
the Management and Administr ation Rules, the Listing Regulations to the extent applicable, 
and the Buyback Regulations read with SEBI Circulars. The shareholders of the Company 
approved the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, through postal ballot only by voting 
through electronic means pursuant to the Postal Ballot Notice, the results of which were 
announced on Thursday, June 18, 2026. This Buyback is further subject to approvals, 
permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject to any 
modificatio ns and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the statutory, 
regulatory or governmental authorities as required under applicable laws, including but not 
limited to SEBI, ROC, the Stock Exchanges and/ or other authorities, institutions or bo dies, as 
may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or 
imposed while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions, 
which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
19.2 The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in 
the Buyback and, accordingly, Eligible Shareholders may take their own decision after 
 
67 consulting their own advisors, as they may deem fit, regarding their participation in the 
Buyback.  
 
19.3 The aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group as on the date of the Public 
Announcement and the date of this Letter of Offer is 15,37,56,828 (Fifteen Crore Thirty Seven 
Lakh Fifty Six Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty Eight) Equity Shares,  which represents 
55.01% of the existing equity share capital of the Company. In terms of the Buyback 
Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the members of the promoter and promoter group 
and persons in control of the Company have an option to particip ate in the Buyback. In this 
regard, the Promoters and Promoter Group vide their letters dated May 6, 2026 and May 7 , 
2026, have expressed their intention  not to participate in the Buyback.  
 
19.4 Assuming acceptance of all Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback from the Eligible 
Shareholders up to their respective Buyback Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the 
Promoters and Promoter Group after the completion of the Buyback will increase to 55.95% 
of the post Buyback equity share capital of the Company from 55.01% of the pre -Buyback 
equity share capital of the Company . 
 
19.5 Record Date  and Ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement of each category   
 
19.5.1  As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Board has fixed Wednesday, June 24, 
2026 as the Record Date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and 
the names of the Equity Shareholders, who will be eligible to participate in the 
Buyback.  
 
19.5.2  The Equity Shares proposed to be bought back by the Company shall be divided into 
2 (two) categories:  
 
(i) Reserved category for Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”); and  
 
(ii) General category for other Eligible Shareholders (“ General Category ”). 
 
19.5.3  As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “ Small Shareholder ” is 
a shareholder of the Company who holds Equity Shares whose market value, on the 
basis of the closing price of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, on which the 
highest trading volume in respect of the Equity Shares as on the Record Date was 
recor ded, is not more than INR 2,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Lakh only). As on the 
Record Date, the closing price on NSE, having the highest trading volume, was 
INR 9,750.00 /- (Indian Rupees Nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty only) per 
Equity Share. Accordingly, all Eligible Shareholders holding not more than 20 (Twenty) 
Equity Shares as on the Record Date are classified as ‘Small Shareholders’ for the 
purpose of the Buyback.  
 
19.5.4  Based on the above definition, there are 6,16,635  (Six Lakh Sixteen Thousand Six 
Hundred and Thirty Five ) Small Shareholders with an aggregate shareholding of  
25,24,410  (Twenty Five Lakh Twenty Four Thousand Four Hundred and Ten) Equity 
Shares, as on the Record Date, which constitutes 0.90 % of the outstanding number of 
Equity Shares of the Company and 53.78 % of the maximum number of Equity Shares 
which are proposed to be bought back as part of this Buyback. 12,32,16,600  (Twelve 
Crore Thirty Two Lakh Sixteen Thousand Six Hundred ) Equity Shares were held by the 
other Eligible Shareholders in the General Category as on the Record Date.  
 
 
68 19.5.5  In accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the 
Small Shareholders, will be higher of:  
 
(i) 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback 
i.e., 15% of 46,94,000 Equity Shares which is 7,04,100 Equity Shares; or  
 
(ii) The number of Equity Shares to which the Small Shareholders are entitled, as 
per their shareholding as on Record Date i.e., ( 25,24,410 /12,57,41,010 ) X 
46,94,000  which is 94,238  Equity Shares . 
 
19.5.6  Since the Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company have declared their 
intention to not participate in the Buyback, Equity Shares held by them have not been 
considered for the purposes of computing the entitlement ratio.  
 
19.5.7  Based on the above analysis and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback 
Regulations,  7,04,100  (Seven Lakh Four Thousand One Hundred ) Equity Shares have 
been reserved for the Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Portion ”) and accordingly, the 
General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders shall consist of 39,89,900  (Thirty 
Nine Lakh Eighty Nine Thousand Nine Hundred ) Equity Shares (“ General Portion ”). 
 
19.6 Category wise Entitlement Ratio of Buyback  
 
Based on the above Buyback Entitlement, the ratio of Buyback for both categories is set out 
below:  
 
Category of Eligible Shareholder  Ratio of Buyback(1) 
(i.e., Buyback Entitlement)  
Reserved Category  for Small 
Shareholders  17 Equity Shares for every 61 Equity Shares held on the 
Record Date  
General Category  for all other 
Eligible Shareholders  17 Equity Shares for every 525 Equity Shares held on 
the Record Date  
Note : 
(1) The ratio of Buyback indicated above is approximate and provides an indication of the Buyback 
Entitlement. Any computation of entitled Equity Shares using the above ratio of Buyback may 
provide a slightly different number than the actual entitlement due to rounding  off. The actual 
Buyback Entitlement for Reserved Category for Small Shareholders is 27.8916657753693 % and 
General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders is 3.23811888982491 %. Also, the numbers 
arrived at using the actual Buyback Entitlement may not conform exactly to the Buyback 
Entitlement printed in the Tender Form due to rounding  off factor.  
 
19.7 Fractional Entitlements  
 
19.7.1  If the Buyback Entitlement under the Buyback, after applying the abovementioned 
ratios to the Equity Shares held on Record Date, is not a round number (i.e., not in the 
multiple of 1 (one) Equity Share) then the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for 
computation of Buyback Entitlement t o tender Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer, for 
both categories of Eligible Shareholders.  
 
19.7.2  On account of ignoring the fractional Entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 
3 (three) or less Equity Shares as on Record Date, will be sent a Tender Form with zero 
entitlement. Such Small Shareholders are entitled to tender Additional Equity Shares 
as part of the Buyback Offer and will be given preference in the acceptance of one 
Equity Sha re, if such Small Shareholders have tendered Additional Equity Shares.  
 
69  
19.8 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback by the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category in the 
following order of priority:  
 
19.8.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category 
who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback 
Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.  
 
19.8.2  After the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19.8.1 above, in case, there are any 
Equity Shares left to be bought back from the Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category, the Small Shareholders who were entitled to tender zero Equity Shares (on 
account  of fractional entitlement), and have tendered Additional Equity Shares as part 
of the Buyback, shall be given preference and 1 (one) Equity Share each from such 
Additional Equity Shares tendered by these Small Shareholders shall be bought back 
in the Rese rved Category.  
 
19.8.3  After the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19.8.1 and 19.8.2 above, in case, there 
are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in the Reserved Category, the Additional 
Equity Shares tendered by the Small Shareholders over and above their Buyback 
Entit lement, shall be accepted in proportion of the Additional Equity Shares tendered 
by them and the Acceptance per Small Shareholder shall be made in accordance with 
the Buyback Regulations i.e., valid Acceptances per Small Shareholder shall be equal 
to the A dditional Equity Shares validly tendered by the Small Shareholder divided by 
the total Additional Equity Shares validly tendered and multiplied by the total pending 
number of Equity Shares to be accepted in Reserved Category. For purpose of this 
calculatio n, the Additional Equity Shares taken into account for such Small 
Shareholders, from whom one Equity Share has been Accepted in accordance with 
the paragraph 19.8.2, shall be reduced by one.  
 
19.8.4  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described 
above, will be made as follows:  
 
(i) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point five zero), 
then the fraction w ould be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then the 
fraction shall be ignored . 
 
19.9 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will Accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback Offer by all other Eligible Shareholders in the General 
Category in the following order of priority:  
 
 
70 19.9.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from other Eligible Shareholders in the General 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback 
Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.  
 
19.9.2  After the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19.9.1 above, in case, there are any 
Equity Shares left to be bought back in the General Category, the Additional Equity 
Shares tendered by the other Eligible Shareholders over and above their Buyback 
Entitlem ent shall be Accepted in proportion of the Additional Equity Shares tendered 
by them and the acceptances per Equity Shareholder shall be made in accordance 
with the Buyback Regulations, i.e., valid Acceptances per Equity Shareholder shall be 
equal to the A dditional Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholders 
divided by the total Additional Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category 
and multiplied by the total pending number of Equity Shares to be Accepted in 
General Category.  
 
19.9.3  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described 
above, will be made as follows:  
 
(i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point five zero), 
then the fractio n would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then the 
fraction shall be igno red. 
 
19.10  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between the two categories  
 
19.10.1  After Acceptances of Equity Shares, as mentioned in paragraphs 19.8 and 19.9 above, 
in case, there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in one category (“ Partially 
Filled Category ”) and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered Equity Shares 
(“Further Additional Shares ”) in the second category (“ Over Tendered Category ”), 
then the Further Additional Shares in the Over Tendered Category shall be Accepted 
in a proportionate manner i.e., valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be 
equal to Further Additional Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder in th e 
Over Tendered Category divided by the total Further Additional Shares in the Over 
Tendered Category and multiplied by the total Shares left to be bought back in the 
Partially Filled Category.  
 
19.10.2  If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category and the Over Tendered Category 
is the Reserved Category, then any Small Shareholder who has received a Tender Form 
with zero Buyback Entitlement and who has tendered Additional Equity Shares shall 
be eligible for priority Acceptance of one Equity Share before Acceptance in paragraph 
19.10.1 out of the Equity Shares left to be bought back in the Partially Filled Category 
provided no Acceptance could take place from such shareholder in accordance with 
paragraph 19.8 of this Letter of Offer . 
 
19.10.3  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described 
above, will be made as follows:  
 
 
71 (i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point five zero), 
then the fracti on would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to be 
Accepted, calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) 
and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then the 
fraction shall be ign ored.  
 
Miscellaneous  
 
19.11  For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that:  
 
19.11.1  The Eligible Shareholders are advised to tender Equity Shares from their respective 
demat accounts/ folios in which they are holding the Equity Shares as on the Record 
Date;  
 
19.11.2  The Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, in 
accordance with the paragraphs above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares 
tendered by the respective Eligible Shareholders;  
 
19.11.3  The Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, in 
accordance with the paragraphs above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares 
held by respective Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date ; 
 
19.11.4  The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number 
of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance in accordance with the paragraphs above ; 
and 
 
19.11.5  In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding  off of Equity Shares or 
otherwise, the Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback 
Committee have the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such 
rounding  off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after 
allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in paragraph 19 of this 
Letter of Offer.  
 
19.12  Clubbing of Entitlement  
 
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the 
same Eligible Shareholder with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher 
entitlement under the category of Small Shareholders, the Company will club t ogether the 
Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder with the common Permanent Account Number 
(“PAN ”) for determining the category (Small Shareholder or general) and entitlement under 
the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the Company will club  together the Equity Shares 
held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the joint shareholders is identical. In case of 
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, where the sequence of PANs is 
identical, the Company will club togethe r the Equity Shares held in such cases. Similarly, in 
case of Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form where PAN is not available, 
the Company will check the sequence of names of the joint holders and club together the 
Equity Shares hel d in such cases where the sequence of name of joint shareholders is identical. 
 
72 The shareholding of institutional investors like mutual funds, pension funds, trusts, insurance 
companies etc., with common PAN will not be clubbed together for determining the category 
and will be considered separately, where these Equity Shares are held for different schemes 
and have a different demat account nomenclature based on information prepared by the 
Registrar as per the shareholder records received from the Depositories. Further, the Equity 
Shares held under the category of “clearing members” or “corporate body margin account” 
or “corporate body – broker” as per the beneficial position data as on Record Date with 
common PAN are not proposed to be clubbed together for determining their entitlement and 
will be considered separately, where these Equi ty Shares are assumed to be held on behalf of 
clients.  
 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  
 
20.1 The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares either in physical and/ 
or in dematerialised form as on the Record Date. The Buyback shall be implemented through 
the Tender Offer route through Stock Exchange Mechanism, on a proportio nate basis. The 
Letter of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback as well as the detailed 
disclosures as specified in the Buyback Regulations, will be sent through electronic mode to 
Eligible Shareholders who have registered their email a ddress with the Depositories/ 
Company. Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, if the Company 
receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of this Letter of Offer in 
physical form, the same shall be provided.  
 
20.2 In case an Eligible Shareholder requests for a copy of this Letter of Offer in physical form, the 
same shall be provided by the Company. In case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and the 
Tender Form, please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph 20.11  of this Letter of 
Offer.  
 
20.3 The Company will not accept Equity Shares tendered for Buyback which are under restraint 
order of the court/ any other competent authority for transfer/ sale and/ or title in respect of 
which is otherwise under dispute or where loss of share certificates h as been notified to the 
Company and the share credit confirmation letter has not been issued either due to such 
request being under process as per the provisions of law or otherwise. In accordance with 
Regulation 24(v) of the Buyback Regulations, the Compa ny shall not buyback locked -in Equity 
Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till the pendency of the lock -in or till such Equity 
Shares become transferable. The Company shall accept all the Equity Shares validly tendered 
in the Buyback by Eligible Shar eholders, on the basis of their Buyback Entitlement as on the 
Record Date, and also Additional Equity Shares, if any tendered by the Eligible Shareholders 
will be accepted as per paragraph 19 ( Process and Methodology for the  Buyback ) above.  
 
20.4 Eligible Shareholders will have to tender  the Equity Shares from the same demat account in 
which they were holding such Equity Shares as on the Record Date and in case of multiple 
demat accounts, Eligible Shareholders are required to tender the applications separately from 
each demat account. In case of any change  in the demat account in which the Equity Shares 
were held as on the Record Date, such Eligible Shareholders should provide sufficient proof of 
the same to the Registrar to the Buyback and such tendered Equity Shares may be accepted 
subject to appropriate verification and validation by the Registrar to the Buyback. The Board 
or Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide such final allocation in case of non -
receipt of sufficient proof by such Eligible Shareholder.  
 
For the Clearing Corporation to make a pay -out of more than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees 
Fifty Crore only), a Legal Entity Identifier (“ LEI”) number of the Eligible Shareholder will have 
 
73 to be provided. Accordingly, an Eligible Shareholder who is tendering Equity Shares of value 
more than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Crore only) will have to provide LEI number 
with the relevant supporting documents such as the LEI registration cer tificate to the Registrar 
through email at bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  latest by 5:00  PM (IST) on the 
Buyback Closing Date.  
 
20.5 As disclos ed in paragraph 19 (Process and Methodology for the  Buyback ) above, the Equity 
Shares proposed to be bought as a part of the Buyback are divided into two categories: (a) 
Reserved Category for Small Shareholders and (b) the General Category for all other Eligible 
Shareholders ; and t he Buyback Entitlement of Eligible Shareholders in each category shall be 
calculated accordingly.  
 
20.6 After  Acceptance of the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of Buyback Entitlement, Equity 
Shares left to be bought as a part of the Buyback, if any, in one category shall first be accepted, 
in proportion to the Equity Shares tendered, over and above their Buyb ack Entitlement, by 
Eligible Shareholders in that category, and thereafter, from Eligible Shareholders who have 
tendered over and above their Buyback Entitlement, in the other category.  
 
20.7 All purchases pursuant to the Buyback will be paid for in Indian Rupees , including to Non -
Resident Shareholders . Payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders shall be made 
within 5 ( five) Working Days of the Buyback Closing Date as required under the Buyback 
Regulations. Accordingly, the Registrar to the Buyback will process the bids under the Buyback 
as promptly as practicable after the Buyback Closing Date, and the Company expects to  start 
making payments for accepted bids as promptly as practicable and within 5 ( five) Working 
Days after the Buyback Closing  Date.  
 
20.8 The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is voluntary. Eligible Shareholders 
may opt to participate, in part or in full, and receive cash in lieu of the Equity Shares accepted 
under the Buyback, or they may opt not to participate and enjoy  a resultant increase in their 
percentage shareholding, after the completion of the Buyback, without any additional 
investment. Eligible Shareholders may also tender a part of their Buyback Entitlement. Eligible 
Shareholders also have the option of ten dering additional shares (over and above their 
Buyback Entitlement ) and participate in the shortfall created due to non -participation of some 
other Eligible Shareholders, if any . If the Buyback Entitlement for any Eligible Shareholder is 
not a round number, the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of 
entitlement to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback. The Acceptance of any Equity Shares 
tendered in excess of the Buyback Entitlement by the Eligible Shareholder shall be in terms of 
the procedure outlined herein.  In case any Eligible Shareholder or any person claiming to be 
an Eligible Shareholder cannot participate in the Buyback Offer for any reason, the Company, 
the Manager and Registrar to the Buyback and their officers shall not be liable in any manner 
for su ch non -participation.  
 
20.9 The maximum number of Equity Shares that can be tendered under the Buyback by any 
Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible 
Shareholder as on the Record Date. In case the Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Shares 
through multiple demat accounts, the tender through a demat account cannot exceed the 
number of Equity Shares held in that demat account as on the Record Date.  
 
20.10  The Buyback shall be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting”  pursuant 
to the SEBI Circular s and following the procedure prescribed in the Act , the Buyback 
 
74 Regulations and as may be determined by the Board  and/ or the Buyback Committee and on 
such terms and conditions as may be permitted by applicable law from time to time.  
 
THE NON -RECEIPT OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMISSION TO DISPATCH 
THE LETTER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE SAME TO 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK, SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK OFFER IN ANY WAY. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE COMP ANY SHALL ACCEPT EQUITY SHARES VALIDLY TENDERED FOR 
THE BUYBACK OFFER ON THE BASIS OF THEIR HOLDING AND BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT AS 
APPEARING IN THE RECORDS OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE RECORD DATE.  
 
20.11  In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form:  
 
20.11.1  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold Equity Shares in dematerialised form: If any 
Eligible Shareholder(s), who is holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form and has 
been sent this Letter of Offer through electronic mode, wishes to obtain a physical 
copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the Company o r the 
Registrar at the address or email ID mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of Offer 
stating name, address, number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client ID 
number,  DP name/ DP ID, beneficiary account number. Upon receipt of such request, 
a physical copy of the Letter of Offer shall be provided to such Eligible Shareholder. 
An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading the Tender 
Form from the  websites of the Company ( www.bajajauto.com ), the Manager to the 
Buyback ( https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ), Registrar to the Buyback 
(https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), 
NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ) or by providing his/ her/ its 
application in writing on a plain paper, signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of 
joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of 
Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID n umber, DP name, DP ID, 
beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback.  
 
20.11.2  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold Equity Shares in physical form: An Eligible 
Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by providing his/  her/  its application in 
writing on a plain paper signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding) 
stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity Share 
certificate number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the 
distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy of 
Eligible Shareholder’s PAN card(s) and executed Form SH -4 in fa vour of the Company. 
An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading the Tender 
Form and Form SH -4 from the websites of the Company ( www.bajajauto.com ), the 
Manager to the Buyback ( https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ), Registrar to the 
Buyback ( https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx ), SEBI 
(www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ), and must 
ensure that the Tender Form, along with executed Form SH -4, the TRS and requisite 
documents, reach the Registrar to the Buyback on or before  the Buyback Closing Date 
i.e., Tuesday, July 7, 2026 , by 5:00 PM (IST). If the signature(s) of the Eligible 
Shareholders provided in the plain paper application differs from the specimen 
signature(s) recorded with the registrar of the Company or are not in the same order 
(although attested), such Tender Forms are liabl e to be rejected under this Buyback.  
 
Please note that Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback 
will be required to approach their respective Seller Member (along with the 
complete set of documents for verification procedures in case of Equity Shares held 
 
75 in physical form) and have to ensure that their bid is entered by their respective 
Seller Member in the electronic platform to be made available by the Stock 
Exchanges before the Buyback Closing Date.  
 
The Company shall accept Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible 
Shareholder(s) in the Buyback on the basis of their shareholding as on the Record 
Date and the Buyback Entitlement. Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate 
in the Buyback usi ng the ‘plain paper’ option as mentioned in this paragraph are 
advised to confirm their Entitlement from the Registrar to the Buyback Offer, before 
participating in the Buyback.  
 
20.12  The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is entirely at the discretion of the 
Eligible Shareholders. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any 
Eligible Shareholder to either participate or to not participat e in the Buyback. The Company 
will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share certificate(s) and other documents 
during transit and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest 
in this regard.  
 
20.13  For the implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed JM Financial Services 
Limited as the registered broker to the Company (“ Company Broker ”) to facilitate the process 
of tendering of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange Mechanism for the Buyback  and 
through whom the purchases and  settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by 
the Company . The contact details of the Company Broker are as follows:  
 
JM Financial Services Limited  
Address : 5th Floor, Cnergy, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,  
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 22 6704 3000/ 3024 3853  
Contact Person : Mr. Sanjay Bhatia  
E-mail : sanjay.bhatia@jmfl.com  
Website : www.jmfinancialservices.in  
SEBI registration number : INZ000195834  
CIN: U67120MH1998PLC115415  
 
20.14  The Company will request the Stock Exchanges (i.e., BSE and NSE) to provide a separate 
acquisition window (“ Acquisition Window ”) to facilitate placing of sell orders by Eligible 
Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback. The details of the Acquisition 
Window will be specified by the Stock Exchanges from time to time. For the purposes of this 
Buyback, BSE has been appointed as the ‘Designated Stock Exchange’.  
 
20.15  The Eligible Shareholders, through their respective Seller Member(s) will be eligible and 
responsible to place orders in the Acquisition Window. All Eligible Shareholders can enter 
orders for Equity Shares in demat form as well as Equity Shares in physical form.  
 
20.16  During the Tendering Period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window by Eligible Shareholders through their respective Seller Member  during 
normal trading hours of the secondary market.  
 
20.17  In the event the Seller Member(s) of any Eligible Shareholder is not registered with BSE/ NSE 
as a trading member/ stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholder can approach any BSE / NSE  
registered stock broker and can register themselves by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) 
facility through the BSE/ NSE registered stock broker (after submitting all details as may be 
 
76 required by such BSE/ NSE registered stock broker in compliance with applicable law). In case 
the Eligible Shareholders are unable to register using UCC facility through any other BSE/ NSE 
registered stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholders may approa ch Company Broker to 
place their bids, subject to completion of KYC requirements as required by the Company 
Broker . 
 
20.18  Modification/ cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder will 
only be allowed during the Tendering Period. Multiple bids made by a single Eligible 
Shareholder for selling Equity Shares shall be clubbed and considered as “on e bid” for the 
purposes of Acceptance.  Eligible Shareholders are requested to consult their respective Seller 
Members  regarding the same.  
 
20.19  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges at www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com  throughout the trading session  and 
will be updated at specific intervals during the Tendering Period.  
 
20.20  Eligible Shareholders approaching a stockbroker registered with the BSE/ NSE  (with whom 
they do not have an account) may have to submit the requisite documents as may be required. 
The requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker, and may inter 
alia include:  
 
In case of Eligible Seller being an individual  
If Eligible Seller is registered with KYC Registration Agency (“ KRA ”): Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat master / latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA : Forms required:  
• CKYC form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy  
o Address proof  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller is HUF:  
If Eligible Seller is registered with KRA : Forms required:   
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat maste r/ latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
 
77 • KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy of HUF & karta   
o Address proof of HUF & karta   
o HUF declaration  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller other than Individual and HUF:  
If Eligible Seller is KRA registered : Form required   
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy)  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat master / latest 
demat statement )  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
 
If Eligible Seller is not KRA registered : Forms required:  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy):  
o PAN card copy of company/ firm/trust  
o Address proof of company/ firm/trust  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form (demat master /latest 
demat statement ) 
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• PAN card copies & address proof of Directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution/partnership declaration  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
• MOA/Partnership deed /trust deed  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The 
requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
20.21  The reporting  requirements for Non -Resident Shareholders under RBI, FEMA and any other 
rules, regulations, guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible 
Shareholders and/ or  the Eligible Shareholder’s Seller Member through which the Eligible 
Shareholder places the bid.  
 
20.22  All documents sent by the Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders 
are advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
 
78  
20.23  Eligible Shareholders shall also provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure 
transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of the Tender Form to be sent. Such documents 
may include (but not be limited to):  
 
20.23.1  Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder has 
signed the Tender Form ; 
 
20.23.2  Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/  legal heirship certificate, in 
case any Eligible Shareholder is deceased, or court approved scheme of merger/ 
amalgamation for a company ; and  
 
20.23.3  In case of companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations (including 
board and/  or general meeting resolutions).  
 
20.24  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised 
form : 
 
20.24.1  Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares held by them in 
dematerialised form under the Buyback would have to do so through their respective 
Seller Member by indicating to the concerned Seller Member, the details of Equity 
Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback.  
 
20.24.2  The Seller Member(s) would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the 
Eligible Shareholder (s) who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the 
Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges . For further details, Eligible Shareholders 
may refer to the circulars to be issued by the Stock Exchanges/  Clearing Corporation.  
 
20.24.3  The details of the settlement number under which the lien will be marked on the 
Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback will be provided in a separate circular to be 
issued by the Stock Exchanges and the Clearing Corporation .  
 
20.24.4  The lien shall be marked in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholders for the 
shares tendered in the Tender Offer. Details of shares marked as lien in the demat 
account of the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the Depositories to Clearing 
Corporation. In case, the Eligible Shareholder’s demat account is held with one 
depository and clearing member pool and Clearing Corporation account is held with 
other depository, shares under lien shall be blocked in the Eligible S hareholder’s 
demat account at so urce depository during the Tendering Period. Inter Depository 
Tender Offer (“ IDT”) instructions shall be initiated by the Eligible Shareholders at 
source depository to clearing member/ Clearing Corporation account at target 
depository. Source depository shall block the Eligible Shareholder’s securities (i.e., 
transfers from free balan ce to blocked balance) and send IDT message to target 
depository for confirming marking of lien. Details of Equity Shares blocked in the 
Eligible Shareholder’s demat account sh all be provided by the target depository to the 
Clearing Corporation.  
 
20.24.5  For orders placed with respect to dematerialised Equity Shares, by clearing members 
entities who have been allocated a custodian participant code by the Clearing 
Corporation (“ Custodian Participant ”), early pay -in is mandatory prior to 
confirmation of order by Custodian Participant. The Custodian Participant shall either 
confirm or reject the orders no later than the time provided by the Stock Exchanges 
 
79 on the last day of the Tendering Period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be 
deemed to be rejected. For all confirmed Custodian Participant orders, any order 
modification by the concerned Seller  Member shall revoke the custodian confirmation 
and the revised order shall be sent to the custodian again for confirmation . 
 
20.24.6  Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member(s) shall provide a TRS generated by the Stock 
Exchange s’ bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder on whose behalf the bid has 
been placed. The TRS will contain the details of the order submitted like bid ID 
number, application number, DP ID, client ID, number of Equity Shares tendered etc.  
In case of non -receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents, but lien 
marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid in the Stock Exchanges’ bidding system, the 
bid by such Eligible Shareholder shall be deemed to have been submitted . 
 
20.24.7  Eligible Shareholders ( other than Non -Resident Shareholders (except FIIs/ FPIs))  
holding and tendering Equity Shares in dematerialised form , are not required to 
submit Tender Form and TRS. After the receipt of the dematerialised Equity Shares 
by the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the 
Buyback shall be deemed to have been accepted, for Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in dem aterialised form . 
 
20.24.8  Non -Resident Shareholders (except FIIs/ FPIs) are required to submit the Tender 
Form, self -declaration form (Annexure 1) along with documents mentioned in 
paragraph 21.3  of this Letter of Offer to  claim the reduction of cost of acquisition 
while computing the capital gains to be determined  for the purpose of withholding 
tax, and/ or to claim the  tax rate of  12.5% plus surcharge and cess applicable to  long-
term capital gains. Further, Non -Resident Shareholders (except FIIs/ FPIs) are 
required to submit the Tender Form, self -declaration forms (Annexure 1 and 
Annexure 2) along with documents mentioned in paragraph 21.3  of this Letter of 
Offer to avail  benefit  under the  DTAA for the purpose of  withholding tax to be 
determined by Company . 
 
20.24.9  The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP account active and 
unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due 
to prorated Buyback decided by the Company. Further, Eligible Shareholders will have 
to ensure that they keep the bank account attached with the DP ac count active and 
updated to receive credit remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the 
Company.  In the event if any Equity Shares are tendered to Clearing Corporation, 
excess dematerialised Equity Shares or unaccepted dematerialised Equity Shares, if 
any, tendered by the Eligible Shareholders would be returned to them by the 
respective Clearing Corporation. If the securities transfer instruction is rejected in the 
depository sy stem, due to any issue then such securities will be transferred to the 
Seller Member’s depository pool account for onward transfer to the Eligible 
Shareholder. On the date of the settlement, in case of Custodian Participant orders, 
excess dematerialised sh ares or unaccepted dematerialised shares, if any, will be 
returned to the respective custodian depository pool account.  
 
20.25  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form  
 
20.25.1  In accordance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/ P/2020/144  dated July 
31, 2020 , Eligible S hareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are allowed to 
tender such shares in the Buyback undertaken through the Tender Offer route. 
 
80 However, such tendering shall be as per the provisions of the Buyback Regulations. 
The procedure is as below:  
 
20.25.2  Eligible Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form and intend to 
participate in the Buyback will be required to approach their respective Seller 
Member(s) along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures to 
be carried out, including the (a) Tender Form duly signed (by all shareholders in case 
shares are in joint names in the same order in which they hold the shares), (b) original 
share certificate(s), (c) valid share transfer form(s) i.e., Form SH -4, duly filled and 
signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered Eligible Shareholders in same order 
and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Company) and duly witnessed 
at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company, (d) duly 
filled Form ISR -4 by all registered Eligible Shareholders in same order and as per the 
specimen signatures registered with the Company, (e) latest Client Master List of the 
demat account, not older than 2 (two) months and duly attested by the DP and duly 
filled in demat conversion request form (DCRF) along with the service request to 
process transfer of balance unaccepted shares, (f) self -attested copy of the Eligible 
Shareholder’s PAN card, and (g) any other relevant documents such as, but not limited 
to, powe r of attorney, corporate authorization (including board resolution/ specimen 
signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or probated 
will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc., as applicable. In addition, if the 
address of the Eligible Shareholder has undergone a change from the address 
registered in the register of members of the Company, the Eligible Shareholder would 
be required to submit a self -attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of 
the following  documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport.  
 
20.25.3  Based on the aforesaid documents, the concerned Seller Member shall place the bid 
on behalf of the Eligible Shareholder who is holding Equity Shares in physical form and 
intend to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the Acquisition Window of the 
Stoc k Exchanges. Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member shall provide a TRS 
generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder. The TRS will 
contain the details of order submitted such as folio number, Equity Share certificate 
number, distin ctive number, number of Equity Shares tendered, etc.  
 
20.25.4  The Seller Member/  Eligible Shareholder who places a bid for Equity Shares  in physical 
form , is required to deliver the original Equity S hare certificate(s) and documents (as 
mentioned above) along with TRS generated by exchange bidding system upon 
placing of bid, either by speed post  or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the 
Buyback i.e. , KFin  Technologies  Limited , (at the address mentioned on cover page ) on 
or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Tuesday, July 7, 2026 , by 5:00 PM (IST) . The 
envelope should be superscribed as “Bajaj Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026 ”. One 
copy of the TRS will be retained by Registrar to the Buyback and it will provide 
acknowledgement of the same to the Seller Member / Eligible Shareholder s. 
 
20.25.5  The Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should note that 
Equity Shares in physical form will not be accepted unless the complete set of 
documents is submitted. Acceptance of the Equity Shares in physical form for Buyback 
by the Company shall be subject to verification as per the Buyback Regulations and 
any further directions issued in this regard. The Registrar to the Buyback will verify 
such bids based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such verification, 
the Stoc k Exchanges  shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. Once 
Registrar to the Buyback confirms the bids, they will be treated as ‘confirmed bids’ . 
 
81  
20.25.6  All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, 
failing which  the Equity Shares tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity Shares 
shall be liable for rejection on the following grounds amongst others: (i) If there is any 
other company’s equity share certificate(s) enclosed with the Tender Form instead of 
the Equity Share certificate(s) of the Company; (ii) If the transmission of Equity Shares 
is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible 
Shareholder; (iii) If the Eligible Shareholders tender Equity Shares but the Registrar to 
the Buyback does not receive the Equity Share certificate(s)  or other relevant 
documents ; (iv) In case the signature on the Tender Form and Form SH -4 does not 
match as per the specimen signature recorded with Company/  Registrar and Transfer 
Agent . 
 
20.25.7  In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for 
dematerialisation, such Eligible Shareholder should ensure that the process of getting 
the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time so that they can participate  
in the Buyback before Buyback Closing Date.  
 
20.25.8  An unregistered Eligible S hareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form may also 
tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer 
deed for transfer of shares, purchased prior to the Record Date, in their name, along 
with the Tender Form , copy of their PAN card and of the person from whom they have 
purchased shares and other relevant documents as required for transfer, if any.  
 
20.26  For Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders (Read 
with paragraph 17 “Details of Statutory Approvals”):  
 
20.26.1  Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (excluding 
FPIs/ FIIs) shall also enclose a copy of the permission received by them from RBI, if 
applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them  in the Company . 
 
20.26.2  Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs should also enclose a copy of their SEBI 
registration certificate.  
 
20.26.3  In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Eligible Shareholder, being 
a Non -Resident Shareholder , shall obtain and enclose a letter from its authorised 
dealer/ bank confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for 
the same was made by the Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account 
as specified by RBI in its approval.  In case the Non -Resident Shareholder is not in a 
position to produce the said certificate, the Equity Shares would be deemed to have 
been acquired on non -repatriation basis and in that case the Non -Resident 
Shareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company, allowing the 
Company to make the payment on a non -repatriation basis in respect of the valid 
Equity Shares accepted und er the Buyback.  
 
20.26.4  If any of the above stated documents (as applicable) are not enclosed along with the 
Tender Form, the Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders, being Non -
Resident Shareholders, under the Buyback are liable to be rejected.  
 
20.27  Acceptance of Orders  
 
The Registrar to the Buyback shall provide details of order Acceptance to the Clearing 
Corporation within specified timelines.  
 
 
82 20.28  Method of Settlement   
 
20.28.1  Upon finalization of the basis of Acceptance as per Buyback Regulations , the 
settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades 
in the secondary market and as intimated by the Clearing Corporation from time to 
time, and in compliance with the SEBI Circulars . 
 
20.28.2  The Company will pay the consideration to the Company Broker which will transfer 
the consideration pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank 
account through the Company Broker as per the prescribed schedule. The Company 
will transfer the consideration pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s 
bank accounts through the Company Broker as per the secondary market mechanism, 
as per the prescribed schedule. For dematerialised Equity Shares accepted un der the 
Buyback, the Clearing Corporation will make direct funds pay -out to respective Eligible 
Shareholders’ bank account linked to its demat account. If any Eligible Shareholder’s 
bank account details are not available or if the fund transfer instruction  is rejected by 
the RBI or relevant bank, due to any reasons, then the amount payable to the Eligible 
Shareholders will be transferred to the concerned Seller Member’s settlement bank 
account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareholder.  
 
20.28.3  Details in respect of an Eligible Shareholder’s entitlement and acceptance for Tender 
Offer process will be provided to the Clearing Corporation by the Registrar to the 
Buyback on behalf of the Company. On receipt of the same, Clearing Corporation will 
cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked Equity Shares in the demat account of the 
Eligible Shareholder. On settlement date, all blocked Equity Shares mentioned in the 
accepted bid will be transferred to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
20.28.4  In case the demat account of the Eligible Shareholders is held with one depository and 
the clearing member pool/ Clearing Corporation account is held with another 
depository, the Clearing Corporation that holds the clearing member pool and 
Clearing Corpora tion account of the Eligible Shareholder will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted shares in the depository that holds the demat account. Source depository 
will not be able to release the lien without a release of IDT message from target 
depository. Further, re lease of IDT message shall be sent by target depository either 
based on cancellation request received from Clearing Corporation or automatically 
generated after matching with bid accepted details as received from the Company or 
the Registrar to the Buyback . Post receiving the IDT message from target depository, 
source depository will cancel/ release excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the 
demat account of the Eligible Shareholder. Post completion of Tendering Period and 
receiving the requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid quantity, 
source depository shall debit the securities as per the communication/ message 
received from target depository to the extent of accepted bid shares from Eligible 
Shareholder’s demat account and credit it t o Clearing Corporation settlement account 
in target depository on settlement date.  
 
20.28.5  For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -
out would be given to their respective Seller Member’s settlement accounts for 
releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s account.  
 
20.28.6  If Equity Shares in physical form tendered by Eligible Shareholders are not accepted,  
the share certificate would be returned to such Eligible Shareholders by speed post or 
courier at the Eligible Shareholders’ sole risk. The Company also encourages Eligible 
 
83 Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form to dematerialise their Equity 
Shares . 
 
20.28.7  In relation to the Equity Shares held in physical form, the Registrar/ Company shall 
verify and process the service requests and thereafter issue securities to the securities 
holder/ claimant in dematerialised form, directly in the demat account of the 
securities holder/ claimant, within 30 (thirty) days of its receipt of such request after 
removing objections, if any. After verifying and processing the request, the Registrar/ 
Company shall initiate the demat conversion request in the depository system for 
direct credit of securities in the demat account of the security holder/ claimant. Post 
confirmation of the demat conversion request, the Depositories/ Registrar/ Company 
shall send an intimation to the security holder/ claimant regarding successful 
demate rialisation of the securities. The Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company 
shall retain the physical securities as per the existing procedure and deface the share 
certificate with a stamp “Securities issued in dematerialised form” on the face/ 
reverse of the share certificate, subsequent to processing of service request.  
 
20.28.8  In case of certain client types viz. non-resident Indian, foreign clients etc. (where there 
are specific RBI and other regulatory requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who 
do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their 
respective Seller Member’s settle ment accounts for releasing the same to the 
respective Eligible Shareholder’s account. For this purpose, the client type details 
would be collected from the Depositories, whereas funds pay -out pertaining to the 
bids sett led through custodians will be transferred to the settlement bank account of 
the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by the 
Stock Exchanges and the Clearing Corporation from time to time.  
 
20.28.9  The Equity Shares bought back in dematerialised form would be transferred directly 
to the demat account of the Company (“ Company Demat Account ”) provided it is 
indicated by the Company Broker or it will be transferred by the Company  Broker to 
the Company Demat Account on receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing and 
settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchanges.  
 
20.28.10  Excess Equity Shares or unaccepted Equity Shares, in dematerialised form, if any, 
tendered by the Eligible Shareholders would be transferred by the Clearing 
Corporation directly to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s DP account. If the 
securities transfe r instruction is rejected in the depository system, due to any issue 
then such Equity Shares  will be transferred to the Seller Member’s depository pool 
account for onward transfer to the respective Eligible Shareholder.  
 
20.28.11  The Seller Member(s) would issue contract note and pay the consideration for the 
Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback and return the balance unaccepted Equity 
Shares to their respective clients/ will unblock the excess unaccepted Equity Shares. 
The Com pany Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for the Equity 
Shares accepted under the Buyback.  
 
20.28.12  Eligible Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
respective Seller Member(s) for details of any cost, applicable taxes, charges and 
expenses (including brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the Seller Member(s) upon 
the selling shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary market 
transaction). The Buyback consideration received by the Eligible Shareholders in 
respect of accepted Equity Shares could be net of such costs, applicable taxes, charges 
 
84 and expenses (including brokerage) and the Manager to the Buyback and Company 
accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and expenses 
(including brokerage) incurred solely by the Eligible Shareholders.  
 
20.28.13  The Equity Shares accepted , bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat 
Account and the Equity Shares bought back and accepted in physi cal form will be 
extinguished in the manner and following the procedure prescribed in the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
20.29  Rejection Criteria  
 
20.29.1  The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders would be liable to be rejected on 
the following grounds:  
 
20.29.2  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form:  
 
(i) If the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the 
Record Date;  
 
(ii) If there is a name mismatch in demat account of the Eligible Shareholder ; or 
 
(iii) There exists any restraint order of a court/any other competent authority for 
transfer/disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has been notified to 
the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute or 
otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists . 
 
20.29.3  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form:  
 
(i) If the documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or 
before the Buyback Closing Date i.e.,  Tuesday, July 7, 2026 , by 5:00 PM (IST) ; 
 
(ii) If there is any other company’s share certificate enclosed with the Tender Form 
instead of the share certificate of the Company;  
 
(iii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are 
not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders;  
 
(iv) If the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not 
receive the physical share certificate;  
 
(v) If the PAN cards (self -attested) of the shareholder and all the joint holders, are 
not submitted with the form ; 
 
(vi) In the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 do not match as 
per the specimen signature recorded with Company or Registrar;  
 
(vii) If the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the Record 
Date;  
 
(viii) If there is a name mismatch in the share certificate of the Eligible S hareholder;  
 
(ix) If the Eligible Shareholder has made a duplicate bid; or  
 
(x) Where there exists any restraint order of a court/ any other competent 
 
85 authority for transfer/ disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has been 
notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute 
or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists.  
 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATION RELATING TO THE BUYBACK OF EQUITY 
SHARES IS BASED ON THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA AS CURRENTLY IN FORCE, INCLUDING 
JUDICIAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS, WHICH MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO 
TIME. ANY SUCH CHANGE COULD ALTER TH E TAX POSITION DISCUSSED BELOW.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARIZED NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES OF A BUYBACK 
TRANSACTION, ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN 
TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX TREATMENT APPLICABLE TO THEM, INCLUDING THE 
POSITION THEIR TAX OFFICER MAY TAK E, AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION TO 
BE FOLLOWED.  
 
THIS NOTE IS INTENDED FOR GENERAL GUIDANCE ONLY AND IS NOT, AND SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS, TAX ADVICE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
ACCURACY OF THIS SUMMARY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER BAS ED ON IT.  
 
21.1 General  
 
With effect from April 1, 2026, the Income -tax Act, 1961, together with the Income -tax Rules, 
1962, has been replaced by the Income -tax Act, 2025 (“ Income Tax Act ”/ “ITA”) and the 
Income -tax Rules, 2026 (“ Income Tax Rules ”). 
 
A taxpayer’s liability to Indian income -tax depends on their residential status during the 
relevant tax year (which runs from April 1 to March 31). A person who qualifies as an Indian 
tax resident is taxable in India on worldwide income, subject to exempti ons provided under 
the Income Tax Act.  
 
A person who qualifies as a non -resident is generally taxable in India only on India -sourced 
income, or income received by such person in India. In case of shares of a company, the source 
of income depends on their “situs”, which, as per judicial precedent , is generally where the 
company is incorporated and where its shares can be transferred. Since the Company is 
incorporated in India, its Equity Shares are “situated” in India, and any gains arising to a Non -
Resident Shareholder on transfer of such Equity Shares would be taxable in India under the 
Income Tax Act. Non -Resident Shareholders may, however, avail themselves the beneficial 
provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (“ DTAA ”) between India and their 
country of residence, subject to meeting the relevant conditions and furnishing the 
information and documents as prescribed under the Income Tax Act.  
 
Unless stated otherwise, all references to shares/ equity shares in this note refer to equity 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange in India.  
 
21.2 Income -tax provisions on buyback of equity shares  
 
With effect from April 1, 2026, income arising from the buyback of equity shares is taxable in 
the hands of shareholders, as summarised below:  
 
 
86 Aspect  Details  
Tax incidence  Tax is payable by shareholders on the gains made from the 
buyback.  
Nature of income  Generally taxable as ‘Capital Gains’ in the hands of shareholders. 
Where equity shares are held as a trading asset (i.e., stock -in-
trade), the income is taxable as business income.  
 
Computation of gains  Capital gains are computed as the difference between the 
buyback price offered by the company and the cost of acquisition 
of the shares to the shareholder.  
 
For equity shares acquired before February 1, 2018, the cost of 
acquisition is deemed to be the higher of:  
 
• the actual cost of acquisition of the equity shares; and  
• the lower of (a) the fair market value (highest quoted price on 
the stock exchange) on January 31, 2018, and (b) the buyback 
price.  
 
Applicable tax rate  The applicable rate depends on the period of holding. Equity 
shares held for more than 12 (twelve) months qualify as long -
term; otherwise, they are short -term:  
 
• Long -Term Capital Gains (LTCG): Rate of tax is 12.5%, with an 
exemption of up to INR 1,25,000/ - (Indian Rupees One Lakh 
Twenty Five Thousand only).  
• Short -Term Capital Gains (STCG): Rate of tax is 20%.  
 
The above rates will be increased by applicable surcharge and 
cess, as notified.  
 
Note : The applicability of the above provisions depends on the specific facts of each case, including the 
nature of acquisition and fulfilment of the conditions prescribed under the Income Tax Act and the 
Income Tax Rules. Eligible Shareholders are requested to consult their tax advisors to determine the 
appropriate cost of acquisition and the resulting capital gains arising from participation in the Buyback.  
 
21.3 Tax Deduction at Source (TDS)  
 
A. Resident shareholders:  
 
The Company is not required to deduct tax at source on payments made to resident 
Eligible Shareholders.  
 
B. Non -Resident Shareholders (other than FIIs/ FPIs):  
 
(i) Under the provisions of the Income Tax Act, the Company is required to deduct 
tax at source (“ TDS”) on payments made to Non -Resident Shareholders (other 
than FIIs/ FPIs), if such payments are chargeable to tax in India, at the time of 
payment or credit (whichever is earlier), at the “rates in force”.  
 
(ii) To calculate the TDS, the Company will have to consider appropriate cost of 
acquisition for computing capital gains as per the provisions mentioned above. 
 
87 For the said purpose, the Non -Resident Shareholders tendering their Equity 
Shares in the Buyback must enclose evidence about the date and cost of 
acquisition of such Equity Shares, so that the Company may determine the 
amount of gain, and whether the capit al gain is long -term or short -term. The 
details must be provided separately for each purchase transaction, capturing 
the distinct date of acquisition and corresponding cost of acquisition. The said 
details are required to be shared in the format enclosed a s Annexure 1 along 
with the certificate and documents mentioned therein.  Non -Resident 
Shareholders are required to fill all the mandatory fields in the said declaration 
and send the same to incometax@bajajauto.co.in  on or before Tuesday, July 7, 
2026, by 5:00 PM (IST). The Company shall accept such declarations only in 
system typed format and not in handwritten format for ease of verification and 
processing. In case such declaration/ evidence are not provided in the 
prescribed format or where the evidence is not satisfactory in the opinion of 
the Company, the Company reserves the right to consider the entire gross 
consideration as taxable income, presume it as short -term capital gains, and 
deduct withholding tax at th e highest rate of tax, viz. 20% (plus applicable 
surcharge and cess).  
 
(iii) The term “rates in force” is defined under the Income Tax Act to include rates 
specified under the Finance Act for the relevant year or the rates specified 
under the DTAA with the respective countries. In this regard, the Finance Act, 
2026 provides rates i n force on capital gain as outlined in above table. As per 
the Income Tax Act read with the Income Tax Rules and judicial precedents, in 
order to be eligible to claim relief under DTAA, a Non -Resident Shareholder will 
need to provide the following document s: 
 
• Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian Income -tax authorities duly 
attested by the Non -Resident Shareholder or details as prescribed under 
Rule 217 of the Income Tax Rules in the absence of PAN card;  
 
• Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate (“ TRC”) for the tax year 2026 -27 
obtained from the revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax 
residence, duly attested by Non -Resident Shareholder/ authorized 
signatory;  
 
• Form 41 for the tax year 2026 -27 obtained electronically through the 
Income -tax e -filing portal at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/ ; 
 
• Declaration by the Non -Resident Shareholder in Annexure 2 : (a) of 
beneficial ownership of Equity Shares by the Non -Resident Shareholder, 
(b) fulfilling all conditions of DTAA for being eligible to claim benefit of the 
relevant DTAA read with Multilateral Instrument (“ MLI”), (c) of having no 
permanent establishment in India in accordance with the applicable DTAA;  
 
• Declaration in Annexure 1  along with supporting documents to evidence 
the date of acquisition of the Equity Shares, in order to claim benefit under 
the Article on “Capital gains” in the relevant DTAA in view of the 
grandfathering provisions, wherever applicable;  
 
• Any other documents as prescribed under the Income Tax Act for lower 
withholding of taxes, if applicable, duly attested by the Non -Resident 
 
88 Shareholders.  
 
The aforesaid documents need to be submitted to the Company on or before 
Tuesday, July 7, 2026 by 5:00 PM (IST) post which the same shall not be 
accepted. DTAA documents needs to be provided by Non -Resident 
Shareholders, only in case DTAA benefit is being availed. These documents are 
in addition to the declaration sought in relation to the date and cost of 
acquisition of Equity Shares mentioned above. Kindly note that any relief in 
withholding tax rate is subject to the DTAA provisions applicable and would 
depend on the documents submitted.  Any such claim will be considered by the 
Company, based on the facts of the case, the documentation provided, and the 
applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, the Income Tax Rules and judicial 
precedents . 
 
(iv) Non -Resident Shareholders may furnish a Lower Tax Deduction Certificate 
issued by the Income -tax Department under Section 395 of the Income Tax Act, 
authorising the Company (TAN: PNEB05807E) to deduct tax at a lower rate than 
the standard prescribed rate u nder the Income Tax Act. Such certificate needs 
to be submitted to incometax@bajajauto.co.in  on or before Tuesday, July 7, 
2026, by 5:00 PM (IST).  
 
(v) The Company shall arrange to email the soft copy of the TDS certificate to 
shareholders at the registered email address within the timeline prescribed 
under the Income Tax Act. Non -Resident Shareholders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the avail ability of credit for taxes withheld by the Company.  
 
C. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/ Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs):  
 
Section 393(4) of the Income Tax Act exempts TDS on capital gains arising from the 
transfer of securities referred to in Section 210 of the Income Tax Act, where such 
gains are payable to FIIs/ FPIs registered as Foreign Portfolio Investors under the 
relev ant SEBI regulations. Thus, no tax shall be deducted at source by the Company, 
if a SEBI registration number/ valid certificate of registration as FII/ FPI under the 
relevant SEBI regulations is sent to incometax@bajajauto.co.in  on or before Tuesday, 
July 7, 2026, by 5:00 PM (IST). However, if such SEBI registration number/ certificate 
of registration is not provided, tax shall be deducted at the same rates applicable for 
the Non -Resident Shareholders, as mentioned in Part B abov e. 
 
21.4 Updation / submission of details:  
 
Eligible Shareholders are requested to ensure that the below details, as applicable, are 
submitted and/ or updated with KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrar and Transfer Agent/ 
in the demat account(s) maintained with the depository participant(s) for t he purpose of 
complying with the applicable TDS provisions:  
 
• Valid Permanent Account Number (PAN);  
• Residential status as per the Income Tax Act, i.e., resident or non -resident for tax year (i.e., 
April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2027);  
• Category of the Eligible Shareholder, viz. Foreign Institutional Investor (FII), foreign 
company, individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), etc.  
 
Further, the Non -Resident Shareholders (other than FIIs/ FPIs) are also requested to furnish 
the documentation mentioned in the above paragraphs.  
 
89  
We request the Eligible Shareholders to update/ furnish all the above details/ documentation 
on or before Tuesday, July 7, 2026, by 5:00 PM (IST). No communication on the same shall be 
accepted after the said time.  
 
21.5 Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”)  
 
Since the Buyback will take place through the settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchanges, 
STT at 0.10% of the value of the transaction will be applicable.  
 
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE BUYBACK. IT IS NOT BINDING ON ANY 
REGULATOR, AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A REGULATOR WILL NOT TAKE A 
POSITION CONTRARY TO THE VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN. THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS ABOVE 
ARE BASED ON THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA AS CURRENTLY IN FORCE, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO 
CHANGE BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE, OR JUDICIAL 
ACTION. ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR  OWN TAX ADVISORS 
REGARDING THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS 
WELL AS ANY ADDITIONAL TAX CONSEQUENCES RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATING IN THE 
BUYBACK, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF THE TAX LAWS OF ANY OTHER 
COUNTRY  OF JURISDICTION.  
 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
 
Declaration as required under clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations:  
 
22.1 The Board confirms that there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits or 
interest thereon, redemption of debentures or interest thereon or redemption of preference 
shares or payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans or interest pay able thereon to 
any shareholder or financial institution or banking company, as the case may be.  
 
22.2 As required under Clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, the Board has 
confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and 
has formed the following opinion that : 
 
22.2.1  immediately following the date of Board Meeting, and the date on which the result of 
the shareholders’ resolution passed by way of postal ballot will be declared (“ Postal 
Ballot Resolution ”), approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the 
Company can be found unable to pay its debts;  
 
22.2.2  as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of 
the Board Meeting as well as the date of the Postal Ballot Resolution, having regard 
to the Board’s intentions with respect to the management of the Company’s business 
during  that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources which 
will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company 
will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered 
insolve nt within a period of 1 (one) year from the date of the Board Meeting and date 
of the Postal Ballot Resolution; and  
 
22.2.3  in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account the 
liabilities (including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were 
 
90 being wound up under the provisions of the Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended.  
 
This declaration is made and issued under the authority of the Board of Directors in terms of 
the resolution passed at the meeting held on Wednesday, May 6,  2026.  
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  
 
Sd/- Sd/- 
Rajiv Bajaj  
Managing Director & CEO  
DIN: 00018262  Rakesh Sharma  
Joint Managing Director  
DIN: 08262670  
 
 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR ’S REPORT   
 
The text of the report dated May 6, 2026 of S R B C & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants, the 
statutory auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board is reproduced below:  
 
Quote  
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the proposed buyback of equity shares pursuant to the 
requirements of Section 68 and Section 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Clause (xi) of 
Schedule I of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018 as amended (“SEBI Buyback Regulations”)  
 
To 
The Board of Directors  
Bajaj Auto Limited  
Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi,  
Pune – 411035  
Maharashtra, India  
 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our service scope letter dated 
April 30, 2026 and master engagement agreement September 30, 2022, as amended 
with Bajaj Auto Limited (hereinafter the “Company”).  
 
2. The proposal of the Company to buy back its equity shares in pursuance of the 
provisions of Section 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and 
applicable provisions of SEBI Buyback Regulations has been approved by the Board of 
Directors of th e Company in their meeting held on May 06, 2026.  The proposal for 
buyback is subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company.  The Company 
has prepared the attached “Statement of determination of the amount permissible 
capital payment for proposed buyback of equity shares” (the “Statement”) which we 
have initialed for identification purposes only.  
 
Board of Directors Responsibility  
 
3. The preparation of the Statement is the responsibility of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, including the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other 
relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, 
imple mentation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and 
 
91 presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and 
making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
4. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into the affairs and 
prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule 
I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that the Company, 
having r egard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of 
one year from the date of meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company (i.e., May 
06, 2026) as well as the date on which the results of the shareholders’ approval passed 
by way of postal ballot will be declared. The Board of Directors are also responsible 
for ensuring that the Company complies with the requirements of the Act and SEBI 
Buyback Regulations.  
 
Auditor’s Responsibility  
 
5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, it is our 
responsibility to provide reasonable assurance:  
 
(i) Whether we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation 
to its audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for year 
ended March 31, 2026.  
 
(ii) Whether the amount of permissible capital payment for the proposed 
buyback of the equity shares as included in the Statement has been properly 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 68(2)(b) and 
68(2)(c) of the Act and Regulations 4(i) an d 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
(iii) Whether the Board of Directors have formed the opinion as specified in clause 
(x) of Schedule I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and 
that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered 
insolvent within a perio d of one year from the date of meeting of the Board 
of Directors of the Company (i.e., May 06, 2026) as well as the date on which 
the results of the shareholders’ approval passed by way of postal ballot will 
be declared.  
 
6. The audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, referred to in 
paragraph 5(i) above, have been audited by us on which we issued an unmodified 
audit opinion vide our reports dated May 06, 2026. Our audits of these financial 
statements were con ducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing, as 
specified under Section 143(10) of the Act and other applicable authoritative 
pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards require that we plan and perform  the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  
 
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (“Guidance Note”). The Guidance Note requires that 
we comply with t he ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.  
 
8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of 
 
92 Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements.  
 
9. Our scope of work did not involve us performing audit tests for the purposes of 
expressing an opinion on the fairness or accuracy of any of the financial information 
or the financial results of the Company taken as a whole. We have not performed an 
audit, the objective of which would be the expression of an opinion on the financial 
results, specified elements, accounts or items thereof, for the purpose of this report. 
Accordingly, we do not express such opinion.  
 
10. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain 
sufficient appropriate evidence on the applicable criteria mentioned in paragraph 5 
above. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the 
assessment of the  risks associated with the applicable criteria. Our procedures 
included the following in relation to the Statement:  
 
i) We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
March 31, 2026. We have obtained and read the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026 
including the unmodified audit opinions dated May 06,  2026;  
 
ii) Read the Articles of Association of the Company and noted the permissibility 
of buyback;  
 
iii) Traced the amounts of paid -up share capital, retained earnings and general 
reserves as mentioned in Statement from the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
iv) Obtained the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors in which the 
proposed buy -back was approved and compared the buy -back amount with 
the permissible limit computed in accordance with provisions of Sections  
68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the Act and Regulations 4(i) and  5(i)(b) of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations detailed in the Statement;  
 
v) Obtained the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors in which the 
proposed buy -back was approved and read the Board had formed the opinion 
as specified in SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds that the 
Company will not, having regard to t he state of affairs, be rendered insolvent 
within a period of one year from the date of meeting of the Board of Directors 
of the Company (i.e., May 06, 2026) as well as the date on which the results 
of the shareholders’ approval passed by way of postal bal lot will be declared.  
 
vi) Verified the arithmetical accuracy of the amounts mentioned in the 
Statement ; and   
 
vii) Obtained necessary representations from the management of the Company.  
 
Opinion  
 
11. Based on our examination as above, and the information and explanations given to 
us, we report that:  
 
 
93 (i) We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for year ended 
March 31, 2026.  
 
(ii) The amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of the 
equity shares as included in the Statement has been properly determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Sections  68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the Act 
and Regulations 4(i) and  5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;   
 
(iii) the Board of Directors have formed the opinion as specified in clause (x) of 
Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered 
insolvent within a period of one  year from the date  of meeting of the Board 
of Directors of the Company (i.e., May 06, 2026) as well as the date on which 
the results of the shareholders’ approval passed by way of postal ballot will 
be declared .  
 
Restriction on Use  
 
12. The Report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company 
pursuant to the requirements of Section 68 and Section 70 of the Act read with Clause 
(xi) of Schedule I of SEBI Buyback Regulations solely to enable them to include it (a) in  
the explanatory statement to be included in the postal ballot notice to be circulated 
to the shareholders, (b) in the public announcement to be made to the Shareholders 
of the Company, ( c) in the letter of offer and other documents pertaining to buyback 
to be sent to the Shareholders (d) letter of offer  to be filed  with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, the stock exchanges, the Registrar of Companies the 
National Securities Depository Limited and the Central Depository Securities (India) 
Limited, and (e ) to share it with the merchant banker appointed by the Company, for 
onward submission of this report to SEBI, the stock exchanges, and should not be used 
by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or 
assume any liab ility or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person 
to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come. We have no 
responsibility to update this report for events and circumstances occurring after the 
date of this report.  
 
For S R B C & CO LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 324982E/E300003  
 
Sd/- 
per Paul Alvares  
Partner  
Membership Number: 105754  
UDIN: 26105754SRXTQE4977  
Place of Signature: Pune  
Date: May 06, 2026  
 
Annexure A  
 
Statement of the amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of equity 
shares (“the Statement”) in accordance with provisions of Sections 68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the 
 
94 Companies Act, 2013, as amended, and Regulations 4(i) and 5(i)(b) of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “ SEBI 
Buyback Regulations ”), based on the audited standalone financial statements and audited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026  
(₹ in crore)  
Particulars  Standalone  Consolidated  
Paid up equity share capital 279,497,838 equity shares 
of ₹10/ - each)  279.50  279.50  
Free reserves#:   
Retained earnings*  26,386.57  29,250.60  
General reserve*  6,389.60  6,389.60  
Securities premium*   208.81  208.81  
Total paid up equity capital and free reserves 
(including securities premium) as at March 31, 2026  33,264.48  36,128.51  
Maximum amount permissible for buy -back under 
provisions of Sections  68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended , read with 
Regulations 4(i) and  5(i)(b) of SEBI Buyback 
Regulations  
 
(25% of the total paid up equity share capital and free 
reserves (including securities premium ) 8,316.12  9,032.13  
Maximum amount permitted by Board Resolution 
dated May 06, 2026 approving buy -back, based on the 
audited accounts as at March 31, 2026  5,632.80  
 
#Free reserves are as per sub clause 43 of Section 2 and explanation II to Section 68 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended.  
*The amounts have been extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
For and on behalf of Board of Directors of  
Bajaj Auto Limited  
CIN: L65993PN2007PLC130076  
 
Sd/- 
Mr. Dinesh Thapar  
Chief Financial Officer  
Date : May 06, 2026  
 
Unquote  
 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the registered office of 
the Company at Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, from 
Monday to Friday between 10:00 AM (IST) to 5:00 PM (IST) on all working days except public 
holidays during the Offer Period:  
 
24.1 Copies of the certificate of incorporation, Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company;  
 
 
95 24.2 Copies of the annual reports of the Company for the financial years ended March 31, 202 6, 
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024;  
 
24.3 Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of Directors at the meeting held on Wednesday, 
May 6, 2026 approving proposal for Buyback;  
 
24.4 Copy of the special resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company by way of postal 
ballot, the results of which were announced on Thursday, June 18, 2026;  
 
24.5 Copy of the report dated May 6, 2026 of S R B C & CO LLP , Chartered Accountants, the 
statutory auditors of the Company, in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations ; 
 
24.6 Copy of the Public Announcement dated June 19, 202 6 and published in the newspapers on 
Monday, June 22, 2026 in connection with  the Buyback;  
 
24.7 Copy of declaration of solvency and an affidavit in Form SH -9 as prescribed under Section 68(6) 
of the Act ; 
 
24.8 Copy of Escrow Agreement dated June 18, 2026  between the Company, the Escrow Agent and 
the Manager to the Buyback;  
 
24.9 Letter from Escrow Agent dated June 23, 2026 that the Escrow Account in the name of “Bajaj 
Auto Limited Buyback 2026 – Escrow Account” has been opened and confirming deposit of 
funds;  
 
24.10  Certificate dated June 18, 2026  issued by L.B. Laddha & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No.: 105500W)  confirming that Company is able to implement the proposed 
Buyback and has made firm arrangements to fulfil the obligations of payment under the 
proposed Buyback ; and  
 
24.11  Certificate dated June 29, 2026  issued by BGSS & Associates, Chartered Accountants  (Firm 
Registration No.: 0144295W ) for note on taxation . 
 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
The details of the Compliance Officer and days and time of contact are set out below:  
 
Name:  Mr. Rajiv Gandhi  
Membership No.:  ACS 11263  
Designation:  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Address:  Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035  
Tel no.:  020 - 66104486  
Website:  www.bajajauto.com  
Email:  rngandhi@bajajauto.co.in  
 
In case of any clarifications or to address investor grievance, the Eligible Shareholders may 
contact the Compliance Officer, from Monday to Friday between 10:00 AM (IST) to 5:00 PM 
(IST) on all working days except public holidays, at the above -mentioned address.  
 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  
 
26.1 In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (including non -receipt of the Buyback 
consideration, share certificate, demat credit, etc.), the Eligible Shareholders can approach 
 
96 the Compliance Officer and/ or Manager to the Buyback and /or Registrar to the Buyback for 
redressal.  
 
26.2 If the Company makes any default in complying with the requirements under the Act or any 
rules made thereunder as may be applicable to the Buyback, the Company or any officer of 
the Company who is in default shall be liable in terms of the Act.  
 
26.3 The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:  
 
Registrar of Companies, Pune  
1st Floor, Maharashtra Sheti Mahamandal,  
270, Bhamburda, Senapati Bapat Road,  
Patrakar Nagar, Pune, Maharashtra 411016, India  
Tel. No. : 020 -27651375  
E-mail : roc.pune@mca.gov.in  
 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE   
 
In case of any query, the Eligible Shareholders may also contact the Registrar to the Buyback 
appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, from Monday to 
Friday between 10:00 AM (IST) to 5:00 PM (IST) on all working days except public holidays, at 
the following address:  
 
 
 KFin Technologies Limited  
Address: Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32, Financial 
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, 
Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001  
Fax No.: +91 40 6716 1563  
Email: bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance E -mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221  
Validity Period: Permanent Registration  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
 
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  
 
The Company has appointed the following as Manager to the Buyback:  
 
 Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited  
Address : 27BKC, 1st Floor, Plot No. C -27, ‘G’ Block, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
Contact Person : Mr . Ganesh Rane  
Tel. No.:  +91 22 4336 0758  
Fax No.:  +91 22 6713 2447  
Email:  bal.buyback@kotak.com  
Website:  https://investmentbank.kotak.com/  
SEBI Registration Number:  INM000008704  
Validity Period:  Permanent Registration  
CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050  

 
97  
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  
 
In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board accepts responsibility 
for the information contained in this Letter of Offer and confirms that this Letter of Offer 
contains  true, factual and material information and does not contain any misleading 
information. This Letter of Offer is issued under the authority of the Board and in terms of the 
resolution passed by the Buyback Committee on June 29, 2026 . 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bajaj Auto Limited  
 
 
Sd/- 
Rajiv Bajaj  
Managing Director and CEO  
 
DIN: 00018262   
Sd/- 
Rakesh Sharma  
Joint Managing Director  
 
DIN: 08262670   
Sd/- 
Rajiv Gandhi  
Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No .: ACS 11263  
 
Date: June 29, 2026  
Place: Pune
 
 OFFER FORM  
 
TENDER FORM  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMAT FORM)  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  WEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 2026  
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2026   
 For Registrar to the Buyback/ Collection Centre use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
    
To, 
The Board of Directors,  
Bajaj Auto Limited  
C/o. KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32,  
Financial District, Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad,  
Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001  
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
 Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
 Foreign Co.   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
 VCF  Partnership/LLP   Mutual Fund  
 Others (Specify)      
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
 Resident in India   Non -Resident in India   Resident of _______ ________  
(Shareholder to fill country of 
residence)  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated June 29, 2026 in relation to the buyback of up to 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) Equity Shares of Bajaj 
Auto Limited (“Company”) at a price of INR 12,000/ - (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share (“Buyback Price”), payable in cash 
(“Buybac k”). 
 
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated  June 29, 2026 ) hereby tender/ offer my/ our Equity Shares in response to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
 
2. I / We authorise the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned below) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the 
Buyback to extinguish the Equity Shares.  
 
3. I / We hereby affirm and warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this tender/ offer  are offered for Buyback by me/ us free from all liens, 
equitable interest, charges and encumbrance.  
 
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints/ injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/ restricts in any manne r my/ our right to 
tender Equity Shares for the Buyback and that I/ we am/ are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
 
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after necessary deduction of Income Tax and due verification of  the validity of the 
documents and that the consideration will be paid as per secondary market mechanism and the provisions of Buyb ack Regulations and circulars 
issued by SEBI.  
 
6. I /We agree that we will have to ensure to keep the DP account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to 
rejection or due to prorated Buyback decided by the Company. Further, I / We will have to ensure to keep the bank account att ached with the 
DP account active and update d to receive credit remittance due to Acceptance of Buyback of Equity Shares by the Company.  
 
7. I / We undertake to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me/ us.  
 
8. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on Buyback is on me/ us. I / We agree to compute 
appropriate gains on this transaction and immediately pay applicable taxes in India (whether by deduction of tax at sour ce, or otherwise) and 
file tax return in consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
 
9. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me/ us on B uyback of 
Equity Shares. I / We also undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/ non -taxab ility of the proceeds 
arising on Buyback of Equity Shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., wheneve r called for.  
 
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my/ our 
tender/ offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accorda nce with the Act, the 
Buyback Regulations, the extant applicable foreign exchange regulations and other applicable laws. I  / we agree that this form is deemed to be 
my consent letter for any filings under FEMA.  
 
11. Applicable for all Non-Resident Shareholders : I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if 
any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the RBI under FEMA and any other rules  and regulations, 
for tendering Equity  Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under FEMA and any 
other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside Indi a.  
 
 
Tear along this line  
 
Acknowledgement Slip: Bajaj Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026  
(to be filled by the Eligible Shareholder) (subject to verification)  
 
DP ID   Client ID   
Received from Mr.  /Ms.  /Mrs.  /M/s   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback  
(in figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Client ID No. &  DP ID No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Seller Member  
 
 
 
 
 12. Additional self -declaration requirements applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders (except FIIs / FPIs ): 
 
i. I/ We declare that I / we do not have permanent establishment in India and that the capital gains receivable by me/ us from investments 
in the Equity Shares of the Company is not effectively connected to any permanent establishment in India.  
 
ii. I am / We are the beneficial owner of the investments made by me/us in the Equity Shares of the Company and also any income receivable 
by me/ us from such investments.  
 
iii. Declaration under Multilateral Instrument (MLI) (Strike off relevant para if not  applicable)  
 
− Article 7(1) - Principal Purpose Test (PPT)  – I / We hereby declare that the investments made by me/us in the Equity Shares of the 
Company are not arranged in a manner which results in obtaining a tax benefit, whether directly or indirectly, as one of its principal 
purposes. The tax benefit, if any, deriv ed from such investments would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the relevant 
provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between India and …………………… …………………. … (Shareholder to fill the 
country in which the shareholder is tax resident ). 
 
iv. I / We undertake to intimate the Company immediately in case of any alteration in the aforesaid declaration including change in t ax 
residential status, etc.  
 
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered/ offered for Buyback:  
 
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(i.e., Wednesday, June 24, 2026 )   
Number of Equity Shares entitled for Buyback 
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback 
(including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note: An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his/ her/ its Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares va lidly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full  extent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Equity Shareholder over and above the Buyback Entitlement of 
such Equity Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 19 (Process and Methodology for the Buyback)  and paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tend ering Shares and Settlement) 
of the Letter of Offer . Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible  Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
 
14. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the Eq uity Shareholder.  
 
15. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):  
 
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is applicable)   NSDL   CDSL  
Name of the Depository Participant   
DP ID   
Client ID with the DP   
 
16. Equity Shareholder(s) Details:  
 
Particulars  First  /Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2 Joint Holder 3 
Full Name(s) of the Equity 
Shareholder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
Tel. No./ Email ID  of the Sole/First 
Equity Shareholder   
* Non-individual shareholders  must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant authorisation should be enclosed with the application fo rm submitted.  
 
17. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and 
this Tender Form.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tear along this line  
 
 
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT 
THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
 
Investor Service Centre: Bajaj Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026  
 
KFin Technologies Limited  
Address : Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32, Financial District,  
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person : Mr. M. Murali Krishna ; Tel. No. : +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001; Fax No. : +91 40 6716 1563 ; 
Email : bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website : www.kfintech.com ; Investor Grievance E -mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221;  Validity Period : Permanent Registration ; CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072   
 
 INSTRUCTIONS  
 
1. The Buyback will open on Wednesday , July 1, 2026 and close on Tuesday, July 7, 2026 . 
 
2. Eligible Shareholders holding and tendering equity shares in demat form, submission of Tender Form and TRS is not required. E ligible 
Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the demat form under the Buyback would have to do so through their  respective 
Seller Member by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback. Please note that the Non -Resident 
Shareholders (except FIIs/ FPIs) are required to submit this duly filled Tender Form, and self -declaration forms  (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) 
along with the relevant documents for tax related purposes as mentioned in paragraph 21.3  of the Letter of Offer to the Registrar.  The 
documents should reach before the close of business hours to the Registrar (on or before Tuesday, July 7, 2026,  by 5:00 PM IST). For further 
details, please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph s 20.24 and 20.26 of the Letter of Offer . 
 
3. The Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback shall be liable to be rejected if: (i) the shareholder is not an Eligible Sharehold er of the Company as 
on the Record Date; (ii) if there is a name mismatch in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder; (iii) i n case of receipt of the completed 
Tender Form and other documents but non -receipt of valid bid in the exchange bidding system; or ( iv) there exists any restraint order of a 
court/any other competent authority for transfer/disposal/ sale or where loss of s hare certificates has been notified to the Company or where 
the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists.  
 
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process 
of getting the successor company as the registered shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy 
of the following documents: (i) approval from the appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger; and (iii) the requisite form 
filed with Ministry of Corporate Affairs intimating the merger . 
 
5. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity 
Shares due to rejection or due to the Buyback being on a proportionate basis in terms of the ratio of Buyback, in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
6. All Non -Resident Shareholders should, if applicable, enclose a copy of the permission received by them from the RBI to acquire the Eq uity Shares 
held by them in the Company. In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non -Resident Shareho lder should obtain and enclose 
a letter from its authori sed dealer/ bank confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for the same was made by the 
Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account as specified by RBI in its appr oval. In case the Non -Resident Shareholder is not in a 
position to produce the said certificate, the Equity S hares would be deemed to have been acquired on non -repatriation basis and in that case 
the Non -Resident S hareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company,  allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -
repatriation basis in respect of the valid Equity S hares accepted under the Buyback. If any of the above stated documents (as applicable) are not 
enclosed along with the Tender Form , the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback shall be liable to be rejected.  
 
7. For the Clearing Corporation to make a pay -out of more than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Crore only), a Legal Entity Identifier (“ LEI”) 
number of the Eligible Shareholder will have to be provided. Accordingly, an Eligible Shareholder who is tendering Equity Sha res of value more 
than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Crore only) will have to provide LEI number with the relevant suppo rting documents such as the LEI 
registration certificate to the Registrar through email at bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  latest by 5:00 PM (IST) on the Buyback Closing 
Date.  
 
8. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders may participate in the Buyback by providing their application in plain paper in 
writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eli gible Shareholder(s), number of Equity 
Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID, DP Name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered  for the Buyback.  
 
9. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Buyback Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement in whole 
or in part or in excess of their Buyback Entitlement, but not exceeding their holding in the Company as on the Record Date.  
 
10. Eligible Shareholders  have to fill up the EVENT number issued by Deposit ory in the column for settlement details along with the market type as 
“Buyback”, ISIN, quantity of shares and CM BP ID of broker and execution date in the delivery instruction slips so that Equity Shares can be 
tendered for Buyback Offer.  
 
11. For the procedure to be followed by Eligible  Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback, please refer to paragraph  20 (Procedure for Tendering 
Shares and Settlement ) of the Letter of Offer.  
 
12. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to safeguard adequat ely their interests in 
this regard.  
 
13. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including the Non -Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all relevant 
regulatory/ statutory filings and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form FC-TRS. Further, by agreeing to 
participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby : (i) authorises the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, 
and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, for making any regulato ry/ statutory filings and compliances on behalf of such Eligible 
Shareholder; and ( ii) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company for making any such regulatory/ statutory filings and 
compliances , if required by the Company.  
 
 
All capitalised terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
  
 
 TENDER FORM  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL  FORM)  
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are requested to refer to paragraph 20.25  of the Letter of Offer titled ‘ Procedure to be followed by Eligible 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form’ , for details regarding permissibility of acceptance of Equity Shares held in physical form and for details regarding the 
procedure for tendering, before submitting the Tender Form and Form SH -4 with respect to Equity Shares held in physical form.  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  WEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 2026  
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2026   
 For Registrar to the Buyback/ Collection Centre use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
    
To, 
The Board of Directors,  
Bajaj Auto Limited  
C/o. KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32,  
Financial District, Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad,  
Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001  
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
 Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
 Foreign Co.   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
 VCF  Partnership/LLP   Mutual Fund  
 Others (Specify)      
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
 Resident in India   Non -Resident in India   Resident of _______ ________  
(Shareholder to fill country of 
residence)  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated June 29, 2026 in relation to the buyback of up to 46,94,000 (Forty Six Lakh Ninety Four Thousand) Equity Shares of Bajaj 
Auto Limited (“Company”) at a price of INR 12,000/ - (Indian Rupees Twelve Thousand only) per Equity Share (“Buyback Price”), payable in cash 
(“Buybac k”). 
 
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated June 29, 2026) hereby tender/ offer my/ our Equity Shares in res ponse to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
 
2. I / We authorise the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned below) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the 
Buyback to extinguish the Equity Shares.  
 
3. I / We hereby affirm and warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this tender/ offer are offered for Buyback by me/ us fre e from all liens, 
equitable interest, charges and encumbrance.  
 
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints/ injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/ restricts in any manne r my/ our right to 
tender Equity Shares for the Buyback and that I / we am/ are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Bu yback.  
 
5. I / We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback where loss of share certificates  has been notified 
to the Company.  
 
6. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after necessary deduction of Income Tax and due verification of  the validity of the 
documents and that the consideration may be paid to the first named Eligible Shareholder as per secondary mark et mechanism and the 
provisions of Buyback Regulations and circulars issued by SEBI.  
 
7. I / We undertake to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me/ us.  
 
8. I / We authorize the Company to credit the Equity Shares directly in the demat account for the unaccepted Equity Shares in ca se the Equity 
Shares accepted by the Company are less than the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback.  
 
9. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on Buyback is on me/ us. I / We agre e to compute 
appropriate gains on this transaction and immediately pay applicable taxes in India (whether by deduction of tax at so urce, or otherwise) and 
file tax return in consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
 
10. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me/ us on  Buyback of 
Equity Shares. I / We also undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/ non -taxability of the proceeds 
arising on Buyback of Equity Shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., wheneve r called for.  
 
11. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my/ our 
tender/ offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accorda nce with the Act, the Buyback 
Regulations, the extant applicable foreign exchange regulations and other applicable laws. I / we agree that this form is dee med to be my consent 
letter for any filings under the FEMA.  
 
12. Applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders : I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if 
any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the RBI under FEMA and any other rules  and regulations, 
for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under FEMA and any  
other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside Indi a. 
 
 
Tear along this line  
 
Acknowledgement Slip: Bajaj Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026   
(to be filled by the Eligible Shareholder) (subject to verification)  
 
Folio No.   
Received from Mr.  /Ms.  /Mrs.  /M/s   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback  (in figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Folio No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Seller Member  
 
 
 
 
 13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered/ offered for Buyback:  
 
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(i.e., Wednesday, June 24, 2026 )   
Number of Equity Shares entitled for Buyback 
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback 
(including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note: An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his/ her/ its Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares va lidly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full  extent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Equity Shareholder over and above the Buyback Entitlement of 
such Equity Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 19 (Process and Methodology for the Buyback)  and paragraph 20 (Procedure fo r Tendering Shares and Settlement) 
of the Letter of Offer . Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible  Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
 
14. Details of share certificate (s) enclosed:    Total No. of Share Certificates Submitted:  
 
Sr. 
No. Folio No.  Share Certificate No.  Distinctive No(s)  No. of Shares  
From  To 
1      
2      
3      
4      
Total   
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 4 nos., please attach a separate sheet giving details in the same format as above.  
 
15. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):  
 
Name of the Bank  Branch and City  Account Number (indicate type of account)  
   
 
16. Details of other documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:  
 
 Power of Attorney   Previous RBI approvals for acquiring the Equity Shares hereby tendered in the Buyback  
 Death Certificate   Succession Certificate  
 Self-attested copy of PAN   Corporate authorisations  
 TRS  Others (please specify)  
 
17. Equity Shareholder (s) Details:  
 
Particulars  First  /Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2 Joint Holder 3 
Full Name(s) of the Equity Shareholder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity Shareholder   
Tel. No./ Email ID  of the Sole/First Equity Shareholder   
* Non-individual shareholders  must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant authorisation should be enclosed with the application fo rm submitted.  
 
18. Additional self -declaration requirements applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders (except FIIs/ FPIs):  
 
i. I / We declare that I / we do not have permanent establishment in India and that the capital gains receivable by me/ us from investments 
in the Equity Shares of the Company is not effectively connected to any permanent establishment in India.  
 
ii. I am / We are the beneficial owner of the investments made by me/ us in the Equity Shares of the Company and also any income receivable 
by me/ us from such investments.  
 
iii. Declaration under Multilateral Instrument (MLI) (Strike off relevant para if not applicable)  
 
− Article 7(1) - Principal Purpose Test (PPT)  - I/We hereby declare that the investments made by me/us in the Equity Shares of the 
Company are not arranged in a manner which results in obtaining a tax benefit, whether directly or indirectly, as one of its principal 
purposes. The tax benefit, if any, derived from such investments would be in accordance with the object and purpose of th e relevant 
provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between India and …………………… …………………. … (Shareholder to fill the 
country in which the shareholder is tax resident ). 
 
iv. I / We undertake to intimate the Company immediately in case of any alteration in the aforesaid declaration including change in t ax 
residential status, etc.  
 
19. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and 
this Tender Form.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tear along this line  
 
 
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT 
THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre: Bajaj Auto Limited - Buyback Offer 2026  
KFin Technologies Limited  
Address : Selenium, Tower B, Plot No -31 and 32, Financial District,  
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person : Mr. M. Murali Krishna ; Tel. No. : +91 40 6716 2222/ 18003094001; Fax No. : +91 40 6716 1563 ;  
Email : bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; Website : www.kfintech.com ; Investor Grievance E -mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221;  Validity Period : Permanent Registration ; CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072   
 
 INSTRUCTIONS  
 
1. The Buyback will open  on Wednesday, July 1, 2026  and close on  Tuesday, July 7, 2026 . 
 
2. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this  Buyback should deliver the following documents so as to 
reach before the close of  business hours to the Registrar (as mentioned in the Letter of Offer) on or before Tuesday, July 7, 2026  by 5:00 PM 
(IST): (i) the relevant Tender Form duly signed (by all Eligible  Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) in the same order in which they 
hold the  Equity Shares; (ii) original share certificates; (iii) self attested copy of th e PAN card; (iv) valid share transfer form i.e., Form SH 4, duly  
signed (by all Eligible Shareholders in case Equity Shares are held jointly) in the same  order in which they hold the Equity Shares and duly 
witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company; (v) duly filled Form ISR -4 by all registered  Eligible 
Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with  the Company; (vi) latest Client Master List (“CML”) of the 
demat account, not older than  two months duly attested by the Depository Participant (“DP”); (vii) duly filled in  demat conversion request 
form (DCRF) along with the service request to process  transfer of balance unaccepted shares and (viii) all Non -Resident Shareholders (except 
FIIs/ FPIs) to deliver self -declaration forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with all the relevant documents for tax related purposes as 
mentioned in paragraph 21.3  of the Letter of Offer.  
 
3. Eligible Shareholders should also provide all relevant documents in addition to the above documents, which include but are no t limited to: (i) 
duly attested power of attorney registered with the Registrar, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder has signed th e relevant Tender 
Form; (ii) duly notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased ; and (iii) 
necessary corporate authorisations, such as board resolutions etc., in case of companies.  In addition to the above, if the address of the Eligible 
Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the register of members of the Company, the Eligible S hareholder would be 
required to submit a self -attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card 
or Passport.  
 
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process 
of getting the successor company as the registered shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy 
of the following documents: (i) approval from the appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger; and (iii) the requisite form 
filed with Ministry of Corporate Affairs intimating the merger . 
 
5. All Non -Resident Shareholders should, if applicable, enclose a copy of the permission received by them from the RBI to acquire the Eq uity Shares 
held by them in the Company. In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non -Resident Shareho lder should obtain and enclose 
a letter from its authori sed dealer/ bank confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for the same was made by the 
Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account as specified by RBI in its appr oval. In case the Non -Resident Shareholder is not in a 
position to produce the said certificate, the Equity S hares would be deemed to have been acquired on non -repatriation basis and in that case 
the Non -Resident S hareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company,  allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -
repatriation basis in respect of the valid Equity S hares accepted under the Buyback. If any of the above stated documents (as applicable) are not 
enclosed along with the Tender Form , the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback shall be liable to be rejected.  
 
6. For the Clearing Corporation to make a pay -out of more than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Crore only), a Legal Entity Identifier (“ LEI”) 
number of the Eligible Shareholder will have to be provided. Accordingly, an Eligible Shareholder who is tendering Equity Sha res of value more 
than INR 50,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Crore only) will have to provide LEI number with the relevant suppo rting documents such as the LEI 
registration certificate to the Registrar through email at bajajauto.buyback2026@kfintech.com  latest by 5:00 PM (IST) on the Buyback Closing 
Date . 
 
7. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Buyback Offer is being made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement in 
whole or in part or in excess of their Buyback Entitlement, but not exceeding their holding in the Company as on the Record D ate. 
 
8. All documents sent by the Seller Member / custodian/Eligible Shareholder will be at their own risk and the Seller Member / custodian/ Eligible 
Shareholder is advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard . 
 
9. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the offer by providing their a pplication 
in plain paper in writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name, a ddress, folio number, number of Equity Shares 
held, Equity Share certificate number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the  
relevant documents as mentioned above. The Eligible Shareholders must e nsure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite 
documents, reach the Registrar on or before Tuesday, July 7, 2026  by 5:00 PM (IST). 
 
10. For the procedure to be followed by the Eligible Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback Offer, please refer to paragraph  20 (Procedure for 
Tendering Shares and Settlement ) of the Letter of Offer.  
 
11. All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, otherwise the Equity Shares tendered will be liable for 
rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for rejection on the following grounds amongst others: (i) if there is any other company’s share 
certificate enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share certificate of the Company; (ii) if the transmission of Equity  Shares is not 
completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders; (iii) If the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the 
Registrar does not receive the physical share certificate or other relevant documents; (iv) in case the signature on the Tender Form, Form SH -4, 
and/ or the plain paper application does not match as per the specimen signature recorded with Company/Registrar; (v) if the documents 
mentioned in the Tender Form are not received by the Registrar on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Tuesday, July 7, 2026  by 5:00  PM 
(IST); (vi) if the self -attested copie s of the PAN cards of the Eligible Shareholder and all the joint holders, are not submitted with the form; (vii) if 
the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the Record Date; (viii) if there is a name mismatch in the sh are certificate of 
the Eligible Shareholder; (ix) if the Eligible Shareholder has made a duplicate bid/ order ; or (x) there exists any restraint order of a court/ any 
other competent authority for transfer/ disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company or where the title to 
the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists . 
 
12. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including each Non -Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all 
relevant regulatory / statutory filings and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of For m FC -TRS. Further, by agreeing 
to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby : (i) authorises the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent 
required, and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, for making any regula tory/ statutory filings and compliances on behalf of such 
Eligible Shareholder; and ( ii) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company for making any such regulatory/ statutory filings and 
compliances , if required by the Company.  
 
All capitalised terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
 
 DECLARATION FORMS FOR NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS (EXCEPT FIIs/ FPIs)  
 
ANNEXURE 1 - DECLARATION OF COST OF ACQUISITION AND PERIOD OF HOLDING  
 
 
Name of Eligible Shareholder:  
 
___________________________________________________________________________  
(As registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent)  
 
Folio number/ DP ID/ Client ID: ______________  
 
Date (dd/mm/yyyy): ___/___/2026  
 
To 
Bajaj Auto Limited  
Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035  
 
In relation to Buyback of Equity Shares by Bajaj Auto Limited (Record Date of Wednesday, June 24, 2026 ), I/ we 
hereby declare and certify as under:  
 
The details of cost of acquisition and period of holding of the Equity Shares tendered by me/ us in the Buyback:  
 
Name of the Eligible 
Shareholder  No. of Equity Shares 
tendered under the 
Buyback  Date of acquisition 
of such Equity 
Shares# Classification of 
shares (Long -term/ 
Short -term)  Cost of Acquisition# 
     
     
# Eligible Shareholders are requested to provide the following documents in support of the above details:  
(a) Supporting evidences by way of demat  statement/  custodian  certificate/  broker  statement,  etc. evidencing acquisition 
dates.  
(b) Certificate from a practicing chartered accountant, certifying all the details in the format given in the above table.  
 
I / We  confirm  that,  where  the Equity Shares  were  acquired  before  February  1, 2018  or through  any mode  requiring  
special  determination of cost under the Income Tax Act, the cost of acquisition mentioned above has been 
computed after considering the applicable  provisions,  including  grandfathering  provisions,  substituted  cost 
provisions,  cost of previous  owner  provisions,  and corporate action adjustments, as applicable.  
 
Where the Equity Shares are held in dematerialised form, I/ we confirm that the Equity Shares accepted/ to be 
accepted under the Buyback have been identified by applying the first -in-first-out (FIFO) method to the relevant 
demat account in accordance with applicable law.  
 
I / We  further  confirm  that the date  of acquisition,  cost of acquisition  and period  of holding  mentioned  above  relate  
to the Equity S hares regarded as transferred under the Buyback after applying such FIFO methodology.  
 
I / We further declare that our PAN is ______________,  
 
OR 
 
I / We do not have a PAN in India; and hence we are providing the following details as per the provisions of section 
397 of the Income Tax Act read with Rule 217 of the Income Tax Rules:  
(a) Name, email address and contact number  
(b) Address in the country of tax residence  
(c) Tax Residency Certificate provided by the government of the relevant country of tax residence  
(d) Tax Identification Number in such country of tax residence.  
(Strike out whichever is not applicable)  
 
 
 I / We hereby certify that declaration made above is true and bona fide. In case of any change in the declaration 
on any of the above aspects, I undertake to promptly intimate you of the said event.  
 
I/ We also undertake to provide all additional documents/ information, as may  be prescribed/ required by the  
Indian revenue authorities, to substantiate any of the above details.  
 
I / We  acknowledge  that Bajaj Auto  Limited  may  rely on this declaration  and the supporting  documents  for 
determining  the amount chargeable to tax and the applicable withholding tax rate on the Buyback consideration 
payable to me/ us.  
 
I / We  further  acknowledge  and agree  that:  
 
(a) If this declaration, supporting documents or computation is not furnished within the prescribed timeline, or 
is found to be incomplete, inconsistent, inaccurate or unsupported, Bajaj Auto Limited may deduct tax on 
the gross Buyback consideration at the hig her applicable rate.  
 
(b) Bajaj Auto  Limited  is not responsible  for independently  verifying  the final  capital  gains  tax liability  arising  to 
me/ us.  
 
(c) The final taxability, computation of capital gains, availability of cost deduction, availability of treaty benefit, 
claim of credit for taxes withheld and claim of refund, if any, shall remain my/ our sole responsibility.  
 
I / We  further  agree  to indemnify  and hold  good  Bajaj Auto Limited from  any liability  (including  towards  tax, 
interest  and penalty)  that may arise or may be asserted against Bajaj Auto Limited with respect to any shortfall in 
tax withholding based on my aforesaid declaration.  
 
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the letter of offer 
dated June 29, 2026.  
 
 
Date:  
Place:  
Full Name:  
Signature:  
 
Annexures:  
(a) Supporting evidences by way of demat  statement/  custodian  certificate/  broker  statement,  etc. evidencing 
acquisition dates.  
(b) Certificate from a practicing chartered accountant, certifying all the details in the format given in the above 
table.  
 
  
 
 ANNEXURE 2  
DECLARATION BY NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS CLAIMING DTAA BENEFIT  
 
Name of the Eligible Shareholder:  
 
___________________________________________________________________________  
(As registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent)  
 
Folio number/ DP ID/ Client ID: ______________  
 
Date (dd/mm/yyyy): ___/___/2026  
 
To 
Bajaj Auto Limited  
Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035  
 
In relation to Buyback of Equity Shares by Bajaj Auto Limited (Record Date of Wednesday, June 24, 2026 ), I / 
we hereby declare and certify as under:  
 
1. I / We hereby declare that my/ our status is of <<mention the status i.e. Individual/ Company/ Firm etc.>> .  
 
2. I / We <<full name of shareholder>> , have Permanent Account Number (PAN) <<mention PAN>>  under 
the Income Tax Act <<OR>>  I am / We are not required to obtain PAN in India as per the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act.  
 
3. I am/ We are a tax resident of _____________ (hereinafter referred to as country/ territory of tax residence) 
within the meaning of Article 4 of the DTAA (or any other relevant article under DTAA) between India and 
_____________________ (the country/ terri tory of tax residence), read with the provisions laid down in 
Multilateral Instrument (‘MLI’), as applicable.  
 
4. Our taxpayer identification number in the country/ territory of tax residence is ________.  
 
5. Our place of central management and control/ place of effective management is in _____________ (the 
country/ territory of tax residence). Accordingly, I am / We are entitled to the benefits of the said DTAA. 
<<Not applicable for non -corporate individuals>>  
 
6. I am/ We are the beneficial owner/s of the Buyback consideration to be received by me/ us from Bajaj Auto 
Limited.  
 
7. I / We confirm that I / we are entitled to claim the benefits under the DTAA as modified by the multilateral 
convention to implement DTAA related measures to prevent base erosion and profit shifting (“MLI”) 
including but not limited to the Principal Purpos e Test (“PPT”), limitation of benefit clause (“LOB”), 
Simplified Limitation on Benefits Provision (“SLOB”) period of holding of equity shares, other condition(s), 
as and where applicable. I / We specifically confirm that my/ our affairs were not arranged i n a manner that 
the main purpose or the principal purpose thereof was to obtain tax benefits available under the applicable 
DTAA.  
 
8. I / We do not have any business connection in India within the meaning of section 9 of the Income Tax Act. 
Further, I / we do not constitute significant economic presence under Section 9(9a) of the Income Tax Act. 
Further, I / we do not have any Permanent Establishment (“PE”) in India (OR) the income referred to 
hereinabove is not attributable to the PE in India as per the provisions of Income Tax Act and as per 
applicable articles of DTAA between India and ____________________ (the country/ territory of ta x 
residence) read with provisions as laid down in MLI, wherever applicable.  
 
9. I / We hereby declare that no arrangement/ transaction has been undertaken for the purpose of obtaining 
any benefits under the DTAA which results into non -taxation or reduced taxation through tax evasion or 
tax avoidance (including treaty shopping arrangem ents) or any other means and that the provisions of 
 
 General Anti -Avoidance rules (GAAR) and anti -avoidance provisions as prescribed under the DTAA between 
India and ______________ (the country/territory of tax residence) are not attracted. I / We specifically 
confirm that obtaining benefit under the applica ble DTAA was not one of the principal purposes of the 
arrangement or transaction pursuant to which income is payable/ being paid to me/ us by Bajaj Auto 
Limited.  
 
10. I / We undertake to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, pay income -tax or 
other amounts arising from the transactions, furnish necessary returns, statements and other documents 
to the Income -tax authorities in India as may be a pplicable in accordance with law.  
 
11. I / We hereby confirm that the details/ information provided in the above declaration are complete, true 
and correct. This declaration is issued to Bajaj Auto Limited to enable them to decide upon the withholding 
tax applicable on the aforesaid income  receivable by me/ us and conclusion of applicability of such 
withholding tax rate shall be at the discretion of Bajaj Auto Limited.  
 
12. I / We further agree to indemnify Bajaj Auto Limited for any tax liability (including but not limited to interest, 
penalty and fees) arising in future on account of short/ non -deduction of tax at source based on the above 
information furnished by me/ us. A lso, I/ we undertake to provide Bajaj Auto Limited, on demand, copies 
of tax returns filed in India, as evidence of the tax paid.  
 
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the letter of offer 
dated June 29, 2026.  
 
Date:  
Place:  
Full Name:  
Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
(Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules 2014 ) 
 
Date  of execution:   /  /   
 
FOR  THE CONSIDERATION  stated  below  the “Transferor(s)”  named  do hereby  transfer  to the “Transferee(s)” named the 
securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and 
the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions  aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 6 5 9 9 3 P N 2 0 0 7 P L C 1 3 0 0 7 6 
 
Name of the company (in full ): Bajaj Auto Limited  
 
Name  of the Stock  Exchanges  where  the company  is listed:  BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES:  
 
Kind/Class of securities (1)  Nominal value of each unit 
of security (2)  Amount called up per 
unit of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity  INR 10/ - INR 10/ - INR 10/ - 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (INR)  
In figures  In words  In words  In figures  
    
Distinctive Number  From     
To    
Corresponding Certificate 
Nos.     
Transferors’ Particulars  
Registered Folio Number: _______________________________________  
Name(s) in full                                                                               PAN No.                     Signature(s)  
1. __  _____________________________ _                                        _______ ___           ____     _                       _________  
2.  _______________________________ _                                        _______ ___           ____   __                       _________  
3.  _______________________________ _                                        _______ ___           _____                            _________  
I, hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness:    
Name of the Witness:    
Address of the Witness:    
   Pincode:    
  
 
 Transferees’ Particulars  
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s/Spouse Name 
(2) Address (3)  
Bajaj Auto Limited  Not Applicable  Address : Bajaj Auto Ltd Complex, Mumbai 
Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035  
Email : investors@bajajauto.co.in   
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business     
 
Folio No. of Transferee  Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
 
 ______________________________    1.   
 
Value of Stamp affixed: INR __________  2.   
 
3.   
 
Declaration:  
( ) Transferee is not required to obtain Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares; or  
 
( ) Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed herewith.  
 
Enclosures:  
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment                                             STAMPS    
3. Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others, Specify, ___________________________________  
 
For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by ___________________________________  
 
Signature Tallied by ____________________________  
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on______________ 
_____________ vide Transfer no._________________  
 
Approval Date_________________________________  
 
Power of attorney/ Probate/ Death certificate/ Letter of 
Administration Registered on 
________________________________________  
at No. ___________________________________  
 
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
 
Name of the Transferor  Name of the Transferee  No. of shares  Date of Transfer  
 
    
 
 
_________________________________  
Signature of the Authorized Signatory  
  
 
 
Form ISR -4 
Request for issue of Duplicate Certificate and other Service Requests  
(for Securities - Shares / Debentures / Bonds, etc., held in physical form)  
 
Date:      /   /  
 
A. Mandatory Documents / details required for processing all service request:  
 
I / We are submitting  the following  documents  / details  with  respect  to service  request  (tick  
 
✓ as relevant,  refer  to the instructions):  
 
• Demat  Account  No.: 
 
Provide  latest  Client  Master  List (CML ) of your  Demat  Account,  not older  than  two months, attested by 
the Depository Participant*  
 
Also,  provide  duly  filled -in demat  conversion  request  form.  
 
• Provide  the following  details,  if they  are not already  available  with  the RTA (see SEBI  circular 
dated November 03, 2021  in this regard)  
 
PAN Specimen  Signature  
Nomination  / Declaration  to Opt-out  
 
* (Your address, e -mail address, mobile number and bank details shall be updated in your folio from the 
information available in your CML ). You can authorize the RTA to update  the above  details  for all your  folios.  In 
this regard,  please  refer  to and use Form  ISR-1 in SEBI  circular dated November 03, 2021 . 
 
B. I / We request you for the following (tick     relevant box)  
 
□ Issue of Duplicate certificate  □ Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account  
□ Replacement/  Renewal/  Exchange  of securities 
certificate  □ Endorsement  
□ Sub-division / Splitting of securities certificate  □ Consolidation of Folios  
□ Consolidation of Securities certificate  □ Transmission  
□ Transposition  (Mention  the new  order  of holders  here)  
□ Claim from Suspense Escrow Demat Account  
 
C. I / We are enclosing certificate(s) as detailed below**:  
 
Name  of the Issuer  Company   
Folio  Number   
Name(s)  of the security  holder(s)  as per the 
certificate(s)  1. 
2. 
3. 
Certificate  numbers   
Distinctive  numbers   
Number  & Face  value  of securities   
** Wherever  applicable  / whichever  details  are available  
 
 
 
 D. Document/ details required for specific service request:  
 
✓ Duplicate  securities  certificate  
 
✓ Claim  from  Unclaimed  Suspense  Account  
 
Securities  claimed  (in numbers)  (in words)  
 
✓ Replacement  / Renewal  / Exchange  of securities  certificate  
 
(that  is defaced,  mutilated,  torn,  decrepit,  worn  out or where  the page  on the reverse is fully utilized)  
 
✓ Endorsement  
 
✓ Sub-division / Splitting of securities certificate  
 
✓ Consolidation of securities certificate/ Folios  
 
✓ Transmission  
 
✓ Transposition  
 
✓ Claim from Suspense Escrow Demat Account  
 
Securities  claimed  (in numbers)  (in words)  
 
Provide  / attach  original  securities  certificate(s)  for request  for item  numbers  III to VIII above.  
 
Declaration : All the above  facts  stated  are true and  correct  to best  of my / our knowledge  and belief.  
 
 Security  Holder  1 / Claimant  Security  Holder  2 Security  Holder  3 
Signature  
 
    
Name  
 
    
Full address  
 
 
    
PIN 
    
 
After processing the service request, the RTA/  listed company shall issue the securities to the security holder/  
claimant only in demat mode, directly in the demat account of the security holder/ claimant, within 30 days 
of receipt of service request.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 