      
 
 
Date: July 04, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”)  
 
Reference : Scheme of Amalgamation (Merger by Absorption) amongst Badve Autocomps Private 
Limited, Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Private Limited and Belrise Industries Limited (Company) 
and their respective shareholders under Sections 230 to 232 read with other applica ble provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 31 January 2026 through which we had informed regarding 
the decision of the Board of Directors of the Company approving the proposed Scheme of 
Amalgamation amongst Badve Autocomps Private Limited, Eximius Infra T ech Solutions Private 
Limited and Belrise Industries Limited (Company) and their respective shareholders under Sections 
230 to 232 read with other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 subject to the approval of 
the Stock Exchanges, Securities a nd Exchange Board of India, Shareholders and Creditors of the 
Company, Honourable National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (NCLT), and such other 
statutory and regulatory approvals, as may be required.  
 
In the context, we wish to further inform that the Company has received Observation Letter in terms 
of Regulation 37 of the Listing Regulations from National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE 
Limited, both dated July 3, 2026, with ‘no adverse observa tions’. Copy of the said Observation Letter(s) 
is enclosed herewith. The same has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at weblink  
https://belriseindustries.com/investor -relation#Scheme . 
 
The Company shall abide by all the conditions given in the Observation Letter(s) and shall proceed 
with filing of the Scheme with the NCLT in due course.  
 
This  said intimation will also be hosted on the Company’s website under the tab ‘Investor Relations’ 
at https://belriseindustries.com  
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,   
 
For Belrise Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Shrikant Shankar Badve  
Managing Di rector 
DIN : 00295505  
 
Encl:  as above  The Manager (Listing)  The Manager (Listing)  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G, Bandra  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 
400051  
 
Scrip Code: 544405  
ISIN:  INE894V01022   
Symbol: BELRISE  
ISIN:  INE894V01022  
 
 
Non -Confidential  Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53487                                  July 03, 2026  
 
The Company Secretary  
Belrise Industries Limited  
                                 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter  for draft Scheme of Amalgamation ( ‘Merger by Absorption ’) amongst 
Badve Autocomps Private Limited  (BAPL) , Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Private Limited  
(EIPL) and Belrise Industries Limited (BIL) and their respective shareholders under Sections 
230 to 232 read with other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Belrise Industries Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 53487 dated June 04 , 202 6, submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023,  and 
Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , 
SEBI vide its letter dated July 03 , 2026 , has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure that  it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the listed 
entity, its promoters and directors, before Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval  of the scheme.  
 
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the listed entity after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges.  
 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master Circular 
and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to Transferee Compan y. 
 
d) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, 
involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as 
provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement 
or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders 
for seeking approval.  
 
e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not older than 6 months old.  
 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, Jul 3, 2026 17:37:06 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53487                                          July 03, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  f) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the listed entity to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders.  
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
h) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the listed entity 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
 
i) The Company shall ensure that n o changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.  
 
j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.  
 
k) The Company shall ensure to comply with all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for 
the proposed scheme.  
 
l) The Company to ensure that the following additional disclosure to the public shareholders as a 
part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be 
forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230  to 232 of the 
Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision : 
 
i. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies involved, pre and 
post scheme.  
ii. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of BIL.  
iii. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
iv. Value of assets and liabilities of BAPL, EIPL that are being transferred to BIL.  
v. Details/ facts about the basis of valuation including projections considered for valuation 
of BAPL, EIPL and BIL along with justification for growth rate considered and the impact 
of proposed QIP on the share exchange ratio;  
vi. Latest financials of BAPL, EIPL and BIL should be updated on the Website and same also 
to be disclosed in the explanatory statement.  
vii. Revised shareholding pattern of BAPL, EIPL and BIL Pre and Post -Merger.  
viii. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of BAPL, EIPL and BIL as on the date of notice of 
Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of 
Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, Jul 3, 2026 17:37:06 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53487                                          July 03, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  ix. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company 
to the shareholders.  
x. Details of complaints received by the BAPL, EIPL and BIL w.r.t the scheme and status 
thereof.  
xi. Details of shareholders of BAPL and their classification as Promoters and public 
shareholders in BIL.  
Name of the 
Shareholder  Shares 
held in 
BAPL  Shares 
held in 
BIL (Pre -
Scheme)  Share 
Exchange 
Ratio  No. of shares 
being 
allotted in 
BIL Classification in 
BIL post scheme 
(Promoter/Public)  Detailed 
Justification for 
classification  
       
 
xii. Details of shareholders of EIPL and their classification as Promoters and public 
shareholders in BIL.  
Name of the 
Shareholder  Shares 
held in 
EIPL  Shares 
held in 
BIL (Pre -
Scheme)  Share 
Exchange 
Ratio  No. of shares 
being 
allotted in 
BIL Classification in 
BIL post scheme 
(Promoter/Public)  Detailed 
Justification for 
classification  
              
 
xiii. The Company  shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any,  which was 
submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per Annexure L of Exchange checklist  
shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders . 
 
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated u nder section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.  
 
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial  soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, Jul 3, 2026 17:37:06 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53487                                          July 03, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No -
Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from  July 03, 2026 , within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,   
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Khyati Vidwans  
Chief Manager  
 
 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following URL https://www.nseindia.com/static/companies -
listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application.   The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ 
Play store with the name “NEAPS APP”.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, Jul 3, 2026 17:37:06 IST
Location: NSE



