 
Date : August  04, 2026 
 
The Secretary,  Listing  
Department BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal  Street,   
Mumbai  – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544405 
ISIN:  INE894V01022  The Secretary, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange  Plaza,  C-1, Block  G, Bandra  
Kurla  Complex,  Bandra  Kurla  (E),  
Mumbai  – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BELRISE  
ISIN:  INE894V01022  
 
Sub:  Intimation of acquisition of business of India Tipper Body from Hyva (India)  Pvt.Ltd. vide entering 
into Business Transfer Agreement.   
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 .   
Dear Sir/  Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A  of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulat ions, 2015  (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) , we wish to inform you that 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on today has approved the acquisition of 
India Tipper body business of Hyva (India) Pvt. Ltd which is a subsidiary of JOST Werke SE  on slump 
sale basis  vide entering into  Business Transfer Agreement ( “BTA” ) at a consideration of USD 5.65 
million (approximately INR 543.88 million)  .   
 
The disclosures as prescribed under SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, annexed herewith as an 
Annexure A.  
 
This submission is also available on the Company’s website under the tab “Investor Relations” at 
https://belriseindustries.com .  
 
The Board meeting commenced at 10.45 am and concluded at 11.02 am . 
 
You are requested to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours  faithfully,  
For Belrise  Industries  Limited  
 
 
 
Siddhesh Mandke  
Company  Secretary  and Compliance  Officer  
Membership No. A20101  
 
Encl:  As above  
 

Annexure A 
 
Disclosure Under Part A  of Schedule III read with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars  Description  
 
1.  Name(s) of parties with whom the agreement 
is entered  Belrise Industries Limited ( “Purchaser”)  
Hyva (India) Private Limited ( “Seller” ) 
2.  Purpose of entering into the agreement  It is part of Company’s strategy to expand its 
presence in the commercial vehicle segment 
and to diversify its pro duct portfolio in 
structural & load-bearing applications and 
leveraging synergies in fabrication, 
engineering, procurement and manufacturing 
capabilities . 
3.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with whom 
the agreement is executed  Nil 
4.  Significant terms of the agreement (in brief) 
special rights like right to appoint directors,  
first right to share subscription in case of 
issuance of shares, right to restrict any change 
in capital structure etc.  The BTA is for acquisition of India tipper body 
business of Hyva India Pvt. Ltd ( “Hyva” ) 
which is a subsidiary of JOST Werke SE  on 
slump sale basis  at a consideration of USD 
5.65 million (approximately INR 543.88 
million) . 
5.  Whether the said parties are related to 
Promoter /Promoter Group/ Group Companies 
in any manner. If yes, nature of  
relationship  No 
6.  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arms length”  No 
7.  In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued  Not Applicable  
8.  Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc.  Not Applicable  
9.  In case of termination or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s):  
a) Name of parties to the agreement;  
b) Nature of the agreement;  
c) Date of execution of the agreement;  
d) Details of amendment and impact thereof 
or reasons of termination and impact 
thereof.  Not Applicable  
 