      
 
 
Dated: November 11, 2025 
The Secretary, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544405 
ISIN: INE894V01022      The Secretary, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1,  Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra Kurla (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol: BELRISE        
ISIN: INE894V01022  
                   
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 – Scheme of Amalgamation 
between H-One India Private Limited (Transferor Company) and Belrise Industries Limited 
(Transferee Company) and their respective shareholders and creditors. 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
This is to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule-III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations ”), we hereby notify that the Board of Directors of the Company in their 
meeting held on Tuesday, November 11, 2025, has considered and approved a Scheme of 
Amalgamation of H-One India Private Limited (“ Transferor Company ”), the wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Belrise Industries Limited with and into Belrise Industries Limited (“ Transferee 
Company ”) and their respective shareholders and creditors, in terms of the provisions of sections 
230–232 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013.  
The detailed disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
Circular No SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, regarding the details 
which a listed entity needs to disclose for the events that are deemed to be material as specified in 
Para-A of Part-A of Schedule-III of the Listing Regulations, is enclosed herewith and marked as 
Annexure-A . 
The Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company commenced at 3.30 PM (IST) and concluded 
at 04.20 PM (IST). 
This submission is also available on the Company’s website under the tab “ Investor Relations ” at 
https://belriseindustries.com .  
We hereby request you to kindly take the above information on record.  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
Manish Kumar  
Head of Legal Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F7990 
Encl:  
m/a 
      
 
 
Annexure-A 
Detailed disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 read with SEBI 
Circular No SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024: 
 
S. No. Particulars Details of Information 
1 Name of the entity(ies) forming 
part of the amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc. Name of the Entities: H-One India Private Limited 
(“Transferor Company ”) and Belrise Industries Limited 
(“Transferee Company ”).  
 
The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Transferee Company. 
 
The turnover, net worth and net profit of the companies as 
on March 31, 2025 are as under : 
Amt in Million 
Particulars Transferor  
Company Transferee  
Company 
Turnover 2,870.49 66,585.83 
Net Worth 1,919.70 25,770.44 
Net Profit (111.98) 3,324.76 
2 Whether the transaction would 
fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length”. No, as per General Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 
2014, transactions arising out of Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations dealt with under 
specific provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, will not 
attract the requirements of related party transactions as 
specified under section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
3 Area of business of the entity(ies).  H-One India Private Limited is engaged in the business of 
manufacturing of pressed, welded panels and sub-
assemblies for automobiles, both for four and two-wheelers.  
 
Belrise Industries Limited is automotive component 
manufacturing company based in India offering a diverse 
range of safety critical systems and other engineering 
solutions for two-wheelers, three-wheelers, four-wheelers, 
commercial vehicles and agri-vehicles. 
 
4 Rationale for amalgamation/ 
merger. The Transferee Company is an automotive component 
manufacturing company based in India offering a diverse 
range of safety critical systems and other engineering 
solutions for two-wheelers, three-wheelers, four-wheelers, 
commercial vehicles and agri-vehicles whereas the 
Transferor Company is engaged in the business of 
manufacturing of pressed, welded panels and sub-
      
 
 
assemblies for automobiles, both for four and two-wheelers. 
As both the Companies are engaged in similar line of 
businesses, accordingly, in order to leverage the existing 
strength and capabilities of group entities engaged in 
similar businesses, it is proposed to amalgamate the 
Transferor Company with and into the Transferee 
Company. 
 
Thus, the proposed amalgamation  would, inter-alia, have 
the following benefits: 
 
 the consolidation of business would create synergies 
between the businesses of the Companies, thereby enabling 
pooling of financial, marketing, technical, distribution and 
other resources along with optimum utilization of 
resources. 
 
 the Scheme would lead to efficient and economical cost 
management, cost savings, better alignment, coordination 
and streamlining of day-to-day operations of the units and 
will provide a larger and stronger base for potential future 
growth. 
 
 the consolidation of business would result in simplification 
of the existing corporate structure and eliminate 
administrative duplications, consequently rationalization of 
administrative expenses/ services as well as reducing 
multiple legal and regulatory compliances. 
 
 the consolidation of business would allow for streamlined 
decision making process, help in better utilization of human 
resources and providing access to a larger and more diverse 
talent pool leading to improved expertise, skills and 
capabilities. 
 
 thus, this Scheme, as envisaged, is in the interest of the 
shareholders, creditors, employees, and other stakeholders 
of each of the Companies by pursuing a focused business 
approach under a single entity, thereby resulting in overall 
maximization of value creation of all the stakeholders 
involved. 
5 In case of cash consideration – 
amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio. There will be no cash or share consideration involved in the 
Scheme. 
 
      
 
 
Since, the Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company, accordingly, upon 
the Scheme becoming effective, all the equity shares as held 
by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company 
either by itself or through its nominee shall stand cancelled 
and extinguished. Therefore, there will be no issue and 
allotment of shares as consideration by the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders of the Transferor Company 
upon coming into effect of the Scheme. The investments in 
the shares of the Transferor Company, appearing in the 
books of account of Transferee Company shall, without any 
further act or deed, stand cancelled. 
 
6 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity. There will be no change in shareholding pattern of the 
listed Transferee Company pursuant to the Scheme. 
 
 
 
 