 
                        
 
September 28, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India , 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 BSE Ltd., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                    
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
NSE Scrip Symbol: BLS  BSE Scrip Code: 540073 
 
 
Subject: Intimation of Slump Sale of Joint Liability Group (JLG) – financial lending business 
by Atyati Technologies Private Limited, a step down Subsidiary of the Company  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), we wish to inform you that, the Board of Directors of Atyati Technologies Private 
Limited (“ATPL”), a step down subsidiary of the Company at their Meeting held today i.e. 
September 28, 2026 has considered and approved to enter into a Business Transfer Agreement 
(“BTA”) with TVAM Technologies Private Limited (“TVAM”), for the sale and transfer of Joint 
Liability Group-Financial Lending Business (“JLG Business Undertaking”) of ATPL on a going 
concern basis through a slump sale on such terms and conditions as detailed in the Business 
Transfer Agreement (including any amendments or modifications thereto) and all other 
agreements in connection therewith ("Transaction"), and subject to such other 
approvals/consents as may be necessary from the Lenders, regulatory/statutory authorities and 
other concerned parties. 
 
The details as required under Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular no. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 
30, 2026 (“SEBI Master Circular”) is enclosed herewith as Annexure - A.    
 
Kindly take the above on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For BLS International Services Limited  
 
 
……………………. 
Dharak Mehta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: FCS 12878 
 
Encl: As above  
 
                        
 
Annexure - A 
 
Details/Disclosure as required under Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the 
Listing Regulations and the SEBI Master Circular are set out as below: 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details 
 Details of Slump Sale of unit(s) or division(s) of the Subsidiary of listed entity: 
1. The amount and percentage of the 
turnover or revenue or income and net 
worth contributed by such unit or 
division or undertaking or subsidiary or 
associate company of the listed entity 
during the last financial year; ATPL is a step down subsidiary of the 
Company w.e.f July 2, 2026 and is engaged in 
Business Correspondent (BC) services for 
various banks for last mile connectivity, 
lending to micro-customers, and technology 
solutions.  
 
Turnover of JLG Business Undertaking was                   
Rs. 100.56 Crores (Indian Rupees One Hundred 
Crore and Fifty-Six Lakh Only) which represents 
26.8% of the Total Turnover of ATPL for 
Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
No separate Net worth for the unit or 
division or undertaking is available as on 
March 31st 2026. However, the Net worth as 
computed as on July 1, 2026 for the unit or 
division or undertaking is Rs. 59.49 lacs 
(Indian Rupees Fifty-Nine Lakhs and Forty-
Nine Thousand Only) which represents 0.9% 
of the total Net Worth of ATPL. 
 
2. Date on which the agreement for sale 
has been entered into The Board of Directors and shareholders of 
ATPL has approved the BTA, which is yet to 
be executed. 
3. The expected date of completion 
of sale/disposal The transaction is expected to be 
consummated in about 90 days, subject to 
fulfilment of certain conditions precedent, 
as specified in BTA, including receipt of 
approvals/consents as may be necessary 
from the Lenders, regulatory/statutory 
authorities and other concerned parties. 
 
4. Consideration received from such 
sale/disposal The consideration for sale of JLG Business 
Undertaking is Rs. 59,49,000/-  (Indian 
Rupees Fifty-Nine Lakhs and Forty-Nine 
Thousand Only ), subject to post-closing 
 
                        
 
adjustments in accordance with the terms of 
the Business Transfer Agreement pursuant 
to Closing Accounts of the JLG Business 
Undertaking, prepared as at the Closing 
Date. 
5. Brief details of buyers and whether any 
of the buyers belong to the promoter/ 
promoter group/group companies. If 
yes, details thereof Name of the Buyer: 
Tvam Technologies Private Limited (TVAM), 
having Corporate Identification Number  
(CIN): U72900KA2022FTC156732, is a Private 
Limited Company incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 2013, having its office at 492, 
Chinmaya Mission Hospital Rd, 1st Stage, 
Indira Nagar 1st Stage, H Colony, Indiranagar, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 560038 
It is engaged in the business of providing 
financial services including but not limited to 
banking, lending, insurance and wealth 
management to its customers, through an 
application which can be downloaded and 
accessed by the customers. 
TVAM does not belong to the promoter/ 
promoter group/ group companies of the 
Company.  
6. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length” TVAM is a Private Company in which a 
director of ATPL is a Director and Member. 
Therefore, TVAM is a related party of ATPL. 
 
Thus, the transaction falls within the related 
party transaction and the same has been 
entered at arm’s length.  
7. Whether the sale, lease or disposal of 
the undertaking is outside Scheme of 
Arrangement? If yes, details of the 
same including compliance with 
regulation 37A of LODR Regulations The proposed slump sale transaction is not 
being undertaken through a Scheme of 
Arrangement. 
 
Since the transaction relates to the transfer 
of Business Undertaking by the step down 
Subsidiary of the Company, the provisions of 
Regulation 37A of the Listing Regulations are 
not applicable on the said transaction.  
   8.  Additionally, in case of a slump sale, indicative disclosures provided for 
amalgamation/merger, shall be disclosed by the listed entity with respect to such 
slump sale which are as mentioned hereunder:- 
 
                        
 
a. Name of the entity(ies) forming part of 
the amalgamation/merger, details in 
brief such as, size, turnover etc. Please refer the details specified in point no. 
(1) and (5) above. 
b. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length” Please refer the details specified in point no. 
(6) above. 
c. Area of business of the entity(ies); Please refer the details specified in point no. 
(1) and (5) above. 
d. Rationale for Slump sale The proposed transaction forms part of the 
Company’s broader business re-organisation 
and operational restructuring initiatives. The 
transfer of the JLG Business Undertaking of 
Atyati Technologies Private Limited (“ATPL”) 
to TVAM Technologies Private Limited 
(“TVAM”) is intended to streamline business 
operations, optimise deployment of 
resources and enable greater strategic and 
operational focus through an appropriate 
business structure . 
e. In case of cash consideration – amount 
or otherwise share exchange ratio Please refer to response provided under          
S. No. 4 above. 
f. Brief details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed entity There will be no change in the shareholding 
pattern of the listed entity pursuant to the 
Transaction. 
 
 
 
 
 