 
 
17th December 2025  
 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543232  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra  
(East), Mumbai 400 051  
Trading Symbol: CAMS  
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [“SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 ”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and in continuation of our earlier 
communication dated October 28, 2025, we wish to inform you  the following:  
 
The wholly owned subsidiary of the company – CAMS Payment Services Private Limited (CAMSPAY ) has 
received a communication  dated 17th December  2025  from Reserve Bank of India informing that it has 
issued a Certificate of Authorisation bearing No. 2 68/2025 dated 16th December  2025 in the name of 
CAMSPay . The procedural formalities for t ransfer of the Payment Ag gregator business are to be completed 
within fifteen days post which the Certificate of Authorisation bearing No. 183/2024 issued to Co mputer Age 
Management Services Limited will stand canc elled.  
 
Consequent to the above, t he Company has also executed the Business Transfer agreement  (“BTA”) on 
December 17, 2025,  for the sale and transfer of its Payment Aggregator Business to CAMS Pay, on a slump 
sale basis  with December 31, 2025  as the tentative closing date .  
 
The details, as required under Regulation 30 of the  SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 , read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024,  is enclosed as Annexure.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Computer Age Management Services Ltd  
 
 
Manikandan Gopalakrishnan  
Company Secretary  
  
 
 
Annexure – I 
Disclosure of information under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  
 
Sr. No  Particulars  Disclosure  
1 The amount and percentage 
of the turnover or revenue or 
income and net worth 
contributed by such unit or 
division of the listed entity 
during the last financial year;  On a standalone basis as on 31st March 2025                                                        
(In INR Lakhs )  
Particulars  CAMS  Payment 
Aggregator 
Business 
Undertaking  %  
Turnover  133,390.02      4,987  3.74%  
 
2 Date on which the 
agreement for sale has been 
entered into  Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) is executed on 
December 17, 2025 with closing  date being December 31, 
2025.   
 
(The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 
October 28, 2025,  has approved the transfer of Payment 
Aggregator Business undertaking to CAMS Payment Services 
Private Limited ). 
  
 
3 The expected date of 
completion of sale/disposal  Effective date for completion of transfer of Payment 
Aggregator Business Undertaking  to CAMS Payment 
Services Private Limited  – end of business hours o f 
December 31, 2025 , or such other date mutually agreed 
between the parties.  
4 Consideration received from 
such sale/disposal;  The consideration would not be less than the fair market 
value of the Payment Aggregator Business determined as 
per Rule 11UAE of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 which will be 
discharged in accordance with the terms of BTA.  
  
Consideration expected to be up to Rs. 8.5 Crores, subject to 
any movement in working capital and other items in the 
intervening period up to completion.  
5 
 Brief details of buyers and 
whether any of the buyers 
belong to the promoter/ 
promoter group/group 
companies. If yes, details 
thereof;  CAMS Payment Services Private Limited , is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.  
 
CAMS Payment Services Private Limited does not belong to 
the promoter/ promoter group  
 
6 
 
 
 
 Whether the transaction 
would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arms -
length.  Yes, the transaction is a related party transaction between 
the Company, and CAMS Payment Services Private Limited  
which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Since 
the transaction is between the holding company and its 
wholly owned subsidiary and the entire economic value of 
 
 
 the wholly owned subsidiary following the transfer of the 
undertaking will remain with the holding company, the arm’s 
length principle is not relevant.  
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 Whether the sale, lease or 
disposal of the undertaking 
is outside Scheme of 
Arrangement? If yes, details 
of the same including 
compliance with regulation 
37A of LODR Regulations  Yes, 
The transfer of Payment Aggregator Business Undertaking by 
the Company is to its wholly owned subsidiary whose 
accounts are consolidated with the Company, hence, 
Regulation 37A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is not 
applicable.  
8 
 
 
 
 Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the slump 
sale, details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc.;  Please see information disclosed in serial nos. 1 -5 above  
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Area of business of the 
entity(ies);  Computer Age Management Services Ltd  
The Company is a technology -driven financial infrastructure 
and services provider to mutual funds and other financial 
institutions. It is India’s largest registrar and transfer agent of 
mutual funds. The Company provides a range of technology -
enabled infrastructure to mutual funds and is involved 
through the life cycle of an account from account creation to 
processing transactions and redemption of the amount 
invested.  
 
CAMS Payment Services Private Limited (“CAMSPAY ”) 
CAMSPAY is an entity incorporated for carrying on the 
business of “Payment Aggregator”.  
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Rationale for slump sale  The Payment Aggregator Business Undertaking of the 
Company is currently operated as one of its business 
divisions which covers payment gateway and aggregation 
services, including collection, pooling, processing, and 
settlement of funds, enabled through integrations with banks, 
NPCI platforms, card networks, payment gateways, and 
technical service providers serves a wide range of clients . 
 
The Company is a regulated entity under multiple regulators 
and is desirous of carving out its Payment Aggregator 
Business Undertaking under its wholly owned subsidiary on a 
going concern basis, by way of slump sale, for a lumpsum 
consideration and on the terms and conditions set out in BTA 
which can result in better administrative convenience and 
regulatory compliance as this business is regulated by 
Reserve Bank of India. The carve out will enable better focus 
on regulatory compliance with a dedicated compliance officer 
 
 
 and other Key Managerial Personnel.  
11 In case of cash 
consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange 
ratio  Cash consideration as specified in point (4) above  
12 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of listed entity.  There will not be any change in the shareholding pattern of 
the Company pursuant to the slump sale.  
 
 
 
 