 
 
AvenuesAI Limited  
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited)  
Regd. Office: 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road- 5C, Zone -5, GIFT CITY,  
Gandhinagar – 382 050 , Gujarat, India  CIN: L64203GJ2010PLC061366  
Tel: +91 79 67772204 | Fax: +91 79 67772205 | Email: ir@avenuesai.com  | Website: www.avenuesai.com   
February 19, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
  
Company Code No.: 539807  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Company Symbol: CCAVENUE  
 Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: 2
nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice to the holders of Partly Paid -up E quity Shares  
 
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated February 1 2, 2026 and p ursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we would like to inform you that the Rights Issue 
Committee of the Company, at its meeting held on February 19, 2026, has approved issuance of 2nd Reminder cum 
Forfeiture Notice  to the holders of Partly Paid -up Equity Shares who have  not yet paid the First and Final C all 
Money . The call money payment period is as follows:  
 
Particulars  Details  
Payment Period  
(both days inclusive)  From  To 
Wednesday , February  25, 2026  Saturday , March  07, 2026  
 
The 2nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice together with the instructions, to be sent to the holders of the Partly Paid -
up Equity Shares, who have not paid the call money, is attached.  
  
The above intimation is also available on the website of the Company at www.avenuesai.com .  
 
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 Yours faithfully , 
 
For Avenues AI Limited  
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited)  
  
 
Shyamal Trivedi  
Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
 
 
Avenues AI Limited  
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited)  
Corporate Identification Number : L64203GJ2010PLC061366  
Registered Office : 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road- 5C, Zone -5, GIFT CITY, 
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India – 382 050  
Contact Person : Mr. Shyamal Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Contact No : +91 79 6777 2204 | Email : rightscallmoney@avenuesai.com  | Website: www.avenuesai.com    
 
2ND REMINDER CUM FORFEITURE NOTICE  
TO THE HOLDERS OF PARTLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES  
 
Start Date: Wednesday, February 25, 2026  
Last Date: Satu rday , March 0 7, 2026  
 
2nd Reminder -cum-Forfeiture Notice No.:  
 
DP ID – Client ID:  
 
Holder Name(s):  
 Dear Shareholder , 
 Sub:  2
nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice for payment of First and Final Call Money on Partly Paid -
up Equity Shares issued by Avenues AI Limited  (Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited) 
(the “Company”), on a Rights Basis, pursuant to the Letter of Offer dated June 19, 2025 
(“Letter of Offer”) (“Issue”).  
 
1. This has reference to the First and Final Call Money Notice dated November 10, 2025 and 
Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice  dated January 12, 2026 issued in relation to the P artly Paid-up 
Equity Shares of the Company. In this connection, the Rights Issue Committee (“Committee”), duly 
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on February  19, 2026, 
has approved sending of a 2nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice for payment of outstanding amount 
of ₹5 (comprising ₹0.50 towards Face Value and ₹4.50 towards Securities Premium) per Partly 
Paid-up Equity Share due on the First and Final Call Money (“2nd Reminder cum Forfeiture 
Notice”), to the holders of such Partly P aid-up Equity Shares on which the First and Final Call 
Money remains unpaid.  
 
2. As per the Company’s records, the First and Final Call money for the Partly Paid- up Equity Shares 
of the Company held in the captioned DP ID – Client ID remains unpaid and hence, in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“Act”), the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the Letter of Offer, the 2
nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice is hereby given to you to pay the 
First and Final Call Money as per details given below:  
 
No. of Partly Paid-up Equity Shares on 
which  call amount is to be paid  Amount due and payable @ ₹5 per Partly 
Paid - up Equity Share  
  
 
Other Instructions:  
Payment 
Period  From  To Duration  
Wednesday, February 25, 
2026  Saturday , March 0 7, 
 2026  11 days 
(both days inclusive)  
Mode of 
Payment  NEFT / RTGS  
(made payable to)  Click here: FIRST AND FINAL CALL MONEY 
PAYMENT LINK  Net Banking (made 
payable to)  
 
 
 
3. The Application Form and payment details can be accessed by click on  the above given link.  
 
4. Detailed instructions for payment of outstanding First and Final Call Money are enclosed as 
Annexure 1 . Please read the same carefully before proceeding for payment. You are requested to 
make the payment on or before Saturday , March 0 7, 2026.  
 
5. Please note that failure to pay the First and Final Call Money, as aforesaid, shall render the Partly Paid-up Equity Shares of the Company held by you, including the amount already paid thereon, 
liable to be forfeited in accordance with the provisions of t he Act, the Articles of Association of the 
Company and the Letter of Offer.  
 
6. The 2
nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice along with the Detailed Instructions are available on the 
website of the Company www.avenuesai.com  and on the website of Alankit Assignments Limited 
(“RTA”) https://rights.alankit.com/ . 
 
7. All capitalised terms not defined herein would have the same meaning as attributed to it in the 
Letter of Offer.  
 
Note: In order to ensure seamless credit of shares and timely communication from the Company, we request you to kindly ensure that your Demat Account is active, compliant and your Email ID and 
Mobile/Contact Number is correctly registered and updated in yo ur Demat Account.  
 Yours sincerely,  
 
For AvenuesAI Limited  
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited)  
 
 
Shyamal Trivedi  
Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary  
 
 
Avenues AI Limited  
(Formerly known as Infibeam Avenues Limited)  
Corporate Identification Number : L64203GJ2010PLC061366  
Registered Office : 28th Floor, GIFT Two Building, Block No. 56, Road- 5C, Zone -5, GIFT CITY, 
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India – 382 050  
Contact Person : Mr. Shyamal Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Contact No : +91 79 6777 2204 | Email : rightscallmoney@  avenuesai.com  | Website : www.avenuesai.com    
 
 
           Annexure 1  
 
DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS  
 
A. MODE OF DISPATCH OF THE 2ND REMINDER CUM FORFEITURE NOTICE : 
 
In terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “the Act” ), read with the relevant rules made 
thereunder, the 2nd Reminder Cum Forfeiture Notice is being sent electronically  to the holders of P artly 
Paid-up Equity Shares  who have not paid the call money pursuant to the First and Final  Call Money Notice 
dated November 10, 2025 and Reminder  cum Forfeiture Notice  dated January 12, 2026, whose e -mail IDs 
are registered with the Company, its Registrar and Transfer Agent , or Depository Participants. Physical 
copies are also being dispatched where applicable.  
 
The 2nd Reminder Cum Forfeiture Notice along with the Detailed Instructions are also available on website :  
 
Company Website  www.avenuesai.com    
RTA Website  https://rights.alankit.com/  
 
B. PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS  
 Please note that:  
 a. Eligible shareholders are advised to make payment in full of the amount due. Eligible Shareholders are 
required to pay ONLY through NEFT / RTGS / Net Banking for the full amount due specified in this 2
nd 
Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice. No part payment would be accepted, and part payment would be 
treated as non -payment which shall render the P artly Paid-up Equity Share(s), including the amount 
already paid thereon, liable to be forfeited in accordance with the provisions of the Act, the Articles of Association of the Company, and the Letter of Offer dated June 19, 2025 ( “Letter of Offer” ). However, 
in relation to any payment made by a holder of the P artly Paid-up Equity Share(s) pursuant to the First 
and Final Call, which is lesser than the aggregate amount payable by such holder with respect to the Partly Paid-up Equity Share(s) held by such holder, the Board may consider conversion of such lower 
number of Equity Shares to be made fully paid- up, such that it is in proportion to the amount paid by 
such holder.  
 
For example -  If a shareholder holds 10 partly paid- up equity shares, the aggregate amount payable by 
such holder pursuant to the First and Final Call Money will be ₹ 50/ -. If such holder makes a partial 
payment of ₹ 25/ -, such holder will receive such num ber of fully paid- up Equity Shares converted in 
proportion to the payment made i.e., 5 partly paid- up Equity Shares. Partly paid -up equity shares in 
respect of which the First and Final Call Money payable remains unpaid may be forfeited, in accordance with the provisions of the Act, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Letter of Offer.  
 
b. Eligible Shareholders shall make the payment  by submitting the duly filled up Application Form 
available at the website of the Company www.avenuesai.com  and at the website of the RTA 
https://rights.alankit.com/ on or before Saturday , March  07, 2026.  
 
c. Please note that payments in respect of P artly Paid-up Equity Shares for a particular demat account, 
shall be made only once during the Payment Period (and not in multiple tranches) and the subsequent 
payments made, post the first payment made during the Payment Period, will be liable to be rejected.  
 
d. The Company and the RTA are entitled to rely on the self -certification of the transaction by the Eligible 
Shareholder. Payments made using third party bank accounts will be rejected.  
 
e. Excess/duplicate amount paid, or amount paid by person who is not an Eligible Shareholder or short 
payment made by an Eligible Shareholder (in case the same cannot be adjusted towards payment of First 
and Final Call Money), will be refunded to the same bank account from where payment has been made.  
 
C. PAYMENT MODES: -   
 
i. You are requested to pay the First and Final Call Money immediately, using the following mode:  
Mode of 
Payment  NEFT / RTGS  
(made payable to)   
Click here: FIRST AND FINAL CALL MONEY PAYMENT 
LINK  Net Banking  
(made payable to)  
 
ii. The Shareholders are requested to submit the Application Form  by click on the above given link or the 
same is also  available at the website of the Company www.avenuesai.com  and at the website of the 
RTA https://rights.alankit.com/.  
 
iii. The shareholder must inter alia state the following details in the Application Form:  a. Type of Applicant  
b. Bank Account No.: _____________  
c. Bank N ame: ___________________  
d. Branch Name: ________________  
e. IFSC: __________________ 
f. UTR / Reference ID  
g. Date of Payment  
h. Upload Payment Proof  
 
iv. Cheque / Post -dated cheques / Demand Draft / Money Orders and Postal Orders will not be 
accepted and are liable to be rejected.  
 
v. Cash payment shall not be accepted.  
 
vi. No payments will be accepted, after the last date of payment,  Saturday , March  07, 2026.  
 
vii. The Company will not be liable for any delayed receipt and reserves the right to reject such delayed 
receipts.  
 
viii. Application Form  should be complete in all respects. The Application Form  found incomplete with 
regard to any of the particulars required to be given therein is liable to be rejected.  
 
 
 
D. DATE OF PAYMENT  
 
February 25 , 2026 to March  07, 2026  
 
E. NON- PAYMENT  
 
Please note that, failure to pay the First and Final Call Money  on or before  Satur day, March  07, 2026, as 
aforesaid, shall render the P artly Paid-up Equity Share(s), including the amount already paid thereon, liable 
to be forfeited in accordance with the Act, the Articles of Association of the Company, and the Letter of 
Offer.  
 
F. OTHER INFORMATION:  
 
i. Eligible Shareholder must read the Application Form and fill in the required details carefully before 
submitting the Application Form. Application Form once submitted cannot be modified.  
 
ii. In case of non- receipt of the 2nd Reminder cum Forfeiture Notice, the Eligible Shareholders can request 
by e-mail or letter, for the First and Final Call Notice to the Registrar or  the C ompany. The said notice  
may also download from : 
  
Company Website  www.avenuesai.com    
RTA Website  https://rights.alankit.com/  
 
iii. The Eligible Shareholder must verify  his/her PAN number allotted under the Income Tax Act, 1961.  
 
iv. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with 
the notification dated February 13, 2020, issued by Central Board of Direct Taxes and press release 
dated June 25, 2021 and September 17, 2021.  
 
v. Eligible Shareholder are requested to note that, in order to ensure seamless credit of shares and timely communication from the Company, kindly ensure that your Demat Account is active, 
compliant and your Email ID and Mobile/Contact Number is correctly reg istered and updated 
in your Demat Account.  
 
vi. All correspondence in this regard may be addressed to:  
Alankit Assignments Limited  
Address:  Alankit House, 4E/2, Jhandewalan Extension, New Delhi -110055  
Contact Person:  Mr. Jagdeep Kumar Singla  
Tel No.:  +91-011-42541966/952  
Email:  infibeamrights@alankit.com ; rightscallmoney@avenuesai.com   
 
 
 