 
 
REF: CIL/CC/ 18/2026 -27 
May 12 , 2026 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services,  
The BSE Limited,  
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 531358  
ISIN: INE102B01014  To, 
The Department of Corporate Services,  
The NSE Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza  
Plot No. C/ 1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Scrip Code: CHOICEIN  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) – Intimation of NCLT order approving the Scheme of 
Amalgamation  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that our step -down subsidiaries Choice Wealth 
Private Limited (“CWPL” / Transferor Company) and Arete Capital Service Private Limited (“ACSPL” / 
Transferee Company), which are the wholly own ed subsidiaries of our Material Subsidiary, Choice Equity 
Broking Private Limited (“CEBPL”), has received an order from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal 
(“NCLT”), Mumbai Bench, approving the Scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”) dated May 11, 2026 for  the 
merger of  CWPL into ACSPL.  
Please find attached the disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 is enclosed herewith as Annexure -
A. 
The above information is also being available on the website of the Company https://choiceindia.com/   
Kindly take the same on you reco rd. 
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Choice International Limited  
 
Karishma Shah  
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)  
 
 
 
 
Annexure A  
S.r. No.  Particulars  Description  
a)  Name of the entity(ies) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief  such as, 
size, turnover etc  Choice Wealth Private Limited  – Transferor 
Company and  Arete Capital Service Private 
Limit ed – Transferee Company, both being 
wholly owned subsidiaries of our Material 
Subsidiary ,CEBPL . 
 
The turnover of CWPL and ACSPL for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 stood at 
₹661.90 Lakhs and ₹1,341.17 Lakhs 
respectively.  
b)  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length”  The merger is between Choice Wealth Priv ate 
Limited  – Transferor Company and  Arete 
Capital Service Private Limited  – Transferee 
Company, both being wholly owned 
subsidiaries of our Material Subsidiary,  CEBPL  
and therefore constitutes a related party 
transaction.  
 
However, in terms of Regulation  23(5)(c) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, the provisions relating 
to related party transactions are not applicable 
to transactions entered into between two 
wholly owned subsidiaries.  
c)  Area of business of the entity(ies)  Both CWPL and ACSPL are engaged in  the 
distribution of mutual funds   and other Wealth 
Products.  
d)  Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  The amalgamation has resulted in operational 
synergies, cost efficiencies, optimal utilisation 
of resources, and improved overall profita bility 
of the amalgamated entity.  Both companies 
operated under the same management, and 
their activities and operations have now been 
consolidated into a single entity pursuant to 
the approved Scheme of Amalgamation.   
e)  In case of cash consideration - amount or 
otherwise share exchange ratio  Share Exchange Ratio: 92 equity shares of 
ACSPL for every 100 equity shares of CWPL.  
f)  brief details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed entity  Not Applicable. CWPL and ACSPL are step -
down wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Company; hence, the amalgamation will not 
result in any change in the shareholding 
pattern of the Company.  
 
 