Cyient Ltd.    4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software  CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
 Units Layout, Madhapur     www.cyient.com  
 Hyderabad -500 081        Company.s ecretary@cyient.com  
 India        T +91 40 6764 1000  
  F 
+91 40 2311 0352 15 Jun e
 2026 
BSE Limited  
PJ towers, 25th Floor Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 532175 National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051  
Scrip Code: CYIENT 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Sub: Submission pursuant to Regulation 5(v) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (Buyback Regulations)  
This
 has reference to our earlier letters dated 23 April 2026 , 10 June 2026 and 12 June 2026 regarding 
the buyback of up to 64,00,000 (Sixty Four Lakhs) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company of face 
value of INR 5 each (Indian Rupees Five only), for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 
720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred Twenty crores only), each at a price of INR 1,125 (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five only) per equity share on a proportionate basis 
through the tender offer route. 
In compliance with Regula tion 5(v) of the Securities and Exch ange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended ( Buyback Regulations ), please find enclosed certified true 
copy of the resolution passed at the Board Meeting dated 23 April 2026 and by the Shareholders 
through postal ballot on 10 June 2026, together with the explanatory statement. 
The above information will be available on the website of the Company at www.cyient.com . 
This is fo
r your information and records.  
Yours Sincerely,  
For Cyient Limited 
Sud
heendhra Putty 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
FCS: 5689 CYll:NT • 
• • 
CYll!NT 
CERTIFIED COPY OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY 
(1/2025-26) HELD ON THURSDAY, 23 APRIL 2026 AT 1030 HOURS (1ST) AT PLOT NO. 2, IT PARK, 
NANAKRAMGUDA, GACHIBOWLI, HYDERABAD -500032 
• Proposal for buyback of the equity shares of the Company 
"RESOLVED THAT in accordance with Article 23 of the Articles of Ass·ociation of the Company and the 
provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, 
as amended (Act), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended {Share Capital 
Rules), the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended (Management Rules) 
and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended (LODR Regulations), including any amendments, statutory modifications or re­
enactments thereof, for the time being in force and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended {Buyback Regulations), and subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company by way of special resolution and subject to such other approvals, 
permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary, including exemptive relief from the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) on certain aspects of laws applicable to the Buyback, and subject to any 
modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by government, regulatory, statutory or 
relevant authorities while granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be 
agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company {hereinafter referred to as the "Board", which 
expression includes any committee duly constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, and/or the 
powers conferred by this resolution and/or persons authorised by the Board or its committee), and 
subject to obtaining no objection certificates/consent from the lenders of the Company, lf applicable, the 
Board hereby approves the buyback by the Company bf up to 64,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of face 
value of JNR 5 {Indian Rupees Five) each (Equity Shares), from all the shareholders of the Company, except 
promoters and members of the promoter group (the term "Promoter" /"Promoter Group" will be such 
person as defined in the Securities and Exchange Board of India {Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended), as on the record date, to be determined by the Board (Record 
Date), on a proportionate basis, at a price of INR 1,125 (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred 
Twenty Five) per Equity Share (Buyback Price) and for an amount of INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees 
.Seven Hundred Twenty Crores) {Buyback Offer Size), representing 20.31% and 14.09% of the aggregate 
of the total paid-up share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the latest audited financial 
statements of the Company as at 31 March 2026 on standalone and consolidated basis, respectively (being 
the latest audited financial statements available as on the date of the Board Meeting recommending the 
proposal for the Buyback) (Buyback). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT 15% {fifteen percent) of the number of Equity Shares which the Company 
proposes to-Buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders, 
who hold shares whose market value, on the basis of closing price of shares, on the recognised stock 
exchange in which highest trading volume in respect of such shares, as on Record Date ls not more than 
INR 2,00,000 {Indian Rupees Two lakhs), as per the Buyback Regulations (Small Shareholders}, whichever 
is higher, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders, as prescribed under Regulation 6 of the Buyback 
Cyient ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cylent.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +91. 40 231.l. 0352 • 
CYll:NT 
• Regulations and in case the shares tendered are less than the reservation, the same shall be adjusted in 
the general category, in accordance with Buyback Regulations. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Offer Size does not include any expenses or transaction costs 
incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback, such as, brokerage, filing fees, advisory fees, intermediaries' 
fees, publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes such as securities transaction 
tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty etc. and other incidental and related expenses (Trans_action Costs). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback period shall commence from the date of declaration of results of 
the postal ballot for special resolution and shall continue until the last date on which the payment of 
consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company is made (Buyback Period), in accordance 
with, and consonance, with the provisions contained in the Buyback Regulations, the Act, Share Capital 
Rules, the Management Rules and the LODR Regulations and other applicable law, if any. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee-2026 (as defined herein below) may, till 1 (one) 
working day prior to the Record Date, increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity 
Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no change in the Buyback Offer 
Size, in terms of Regulation S[via) of the Buyback Regulations. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all of the equity shareholders (excluding Promoters, members of Promoter 
Group) of the Company as on Record Date will be eligible to participate in the Buyback. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company, to the extent legally permissible, implement the Buyback using 
the "Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender-Offers under 
Takeovers, Buyback and Delisting" notified by Securities .and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide circular 
CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR-lll/CIR/P/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, and such other circulars or notifications, as 
may be applicable, including any amendments thereof as amended (SEBI Circulars), and the Company 
shall approach -BSE Limited (BSE) and/or National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively 
referred to as "Indian Stock Exchanges") for facilitating the same and that the BSE shall act as the 
designated stock exchange. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 4 of the Buyback Regulations, the Company shall 
implement the Buyback out of its free reserves and securities premium account of the Company or such 
other source as may be permitted by the Buyback Regulations or the Act, and the Buyback shall be 
undertaken through the tender offer route through the Indian Stock Exchanges, on such terms and 
conditions as the Board may deem fit. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT it is hereby recorded that with the Buyback Offer Price and the Buyback Offer 
Size as approved above, the resultant equity shares being bought back shall be up to 64,00,000 fully paid­
up equity shares representing 5.76 % of the existing fully paid-up equity share capital. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended to be met 
out of the Company's current surplus and/or cash balances and/or cash available from internal accruals 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +9"1.. 40 2311 0352 • 
CYll::NT 
• (and not from borrowed funds whether secured or unsecured of any form or nature) and on such terms 
and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time at its absolute discretion. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback of Equity Shares from non-resident members of the Company, 
including foreign corporate bodies {including erstwhile Overseas Corporate Bodies), Foreign Institutional 
Investors (Flls)/Foreign Portfolio Investors, members of foreign nationality, shall further be subject to the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and_ regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income 
Tax Act, 1961 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as 
applicable, and shall be subject to such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or required, from the 
concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules, regulations framed thereunder, if any, and such other 
approvals shall be required to be taken by such non-resident members. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a committee, called the "Buyback Committee-2026", comprising of Mr. Sunil 
Bhumralkar,. Independent Director, Mr. P R Ramesh, Independent Director, Prof. Madan Pillutla, 
Independent Director, Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is hereby constituted and the Buyback 
Committee-2026 is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, expedient 
or proper with regard to the implementation of the Buyback, including, but not limited to, the following: 
i. To seek all regulatory approvals, including exemptive relief from SEC; 
ii. To take all necessary actions for preparation and amendments of notice to the general meeting 
or the postal ballot notice, as applicable, issue of the public announcement, letter of offer or such 
other documents in relation to the Buyback and filing/ publishing/ submitting the revised public 
announcement and any other public notices or other documents in relation to the Buyback, as 
required by relevant authorities; 
iii. To negotiate and enter into agreement(s) including escrow agreements in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations; 
iv. To take all necessary actions with respect to opening, operating and closure of necessary accounts 
including bank accounts, trading account, depository account, escrow account, special escrow 
account with a bank, issuing bank guarantee, availing banking credit facility from bank/s {non­
fund based limits and/or fund based limits), or depositing acceptable securities with appropriate 
margin with the merchant bankers, authorising persons to operate such accounts; 
v. To decide and announce the Record Date and entitlement ratio for the purpose of Buyback; 
vi. To file the public announcement, the certificates for declaration of solvency, letter of offer and 
other related documents; 
vii. To deal with Indian Stock Exchanges (including their clearing corporations) where the Equity 
Shares of the Company are listed, and to sign, execute and deliver such documents as may be 
necessary or de_sirable in connection with implementation of the Buyback using the "Mechanism 
for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender-Offers under Takeovers, 
Buyback and Defisting" notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 
2015 read with SEBl circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016 and SEBI cii"cular 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretarv:@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
f "r";>l 40 43ll 03~4 • 
CYll::NT 
• SEBI/HO/CFD/DCRIII/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 including any further amendments thereof; 
viii. To give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the public 
announcement or the letter of offer, advertisements or any other document in relation to the 
Buyback, as may be required by the relevant authorities including SEBI and U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission ("SEC"); 
ix. To decide on the time-table from the opening of the offer till the extinguishment of the shares; 
x. To change, the 'designated stock exchange' for the implementation of the Buyback and finalizing 
the terms of designated stock exchange; 
xi. To change/appoint merchant bankers, brokers, lawyers, depository participants, escrow agents, 
bankers, advisors, registrars, scrutinizers, consultants, representatives, intermediaries, agencies, 
printers, advertisement agency, as may be required, for the implementation of the Buyback and 
such other intermediaries/agencies/persons including by the payment of commission, brokerage, 
fee, charges etc. and enter into agreements/ letters in respect thereof; 
xii. For preparing, approving, executing and filing of various documents as may be necessary or 
desirable in connection with or incidental to the Buyback including affidavit for declaration of 
solvency, public announcement, final Letter of Offer, extinguishment of Equity Shares and 
certificate of extinguishment and post-completion advertisement, including addendum or 
corrigendum, if any, which are required to be filed/done in connection with the Buyback with 
SEBI, Indian Stock Exchange, Registrar of Companies, National Securities Depository limited, 
Central Depository Services (India} limited, together referred as {Depositories) and the relevant 
authorities, on behalf of the Board; 
xiii. For making all necessary applications, providing all necessary information and documents to, and 
representing the Company before third parties, including, statutory auditors, in relation to the 
Buyback; 
xiv. To obtain all necessary consents, certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties including the lenders as required under applicable laws; 
xv. To ca·rry out management discussion and analysis on the likely impact of the Buyback on the 
Company's earnings, public holdings, holdings of NRls/FHs, promoters holdings and any change in 
management structure; 
xvi. To withdraw, postpone or to decide not to proceed with the Buyback prior to publishing the public 
announcement for the Buyback; 
xvii. To address any queries that may arise in relation to the implementation of the Buyback; 
xviii. To sign and execute the documents as may be necessary with regard to the Buyback; 
xix. To finalize the terms of the Buyback such as Buyback Price, Buyback Offer Size, finalizing the date 
of opening and closing of the Buyback; 
xx. To verify offer/acceptances received, finalize the basis of acceptance, issue rejection letters, if 
any, make payment to the shareholders for the consideration for shares bought back pursuant to 
the Buyback, determine and make payment of taxes in connection with the Buyback; 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Unlts Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CJN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 67641000 
• 
• CYI l!NT 
xxi. To extinguish the share certificates and filing of certificates of extinguishment in connection with 
the Buyback on behalf of the Board, within the time limit specified under the Buyback Regulations; 
xxii. To make and file ·,compliance Certificate' as required under the Buyback Regulations; 
xxiii. To make any modifications in relation to Investor Service Centres; 
xxiv. To file 'Return of Buyback' with Registrar of Companies, SEBI and other statutory authorities; 
xxv. To maintain 'Register of Securities bought back'; 
xxvi. To take app-ropriate action for the removal of difficulties if any and to decide on all matters in 
connection with or incidental to, the implementation of the Buyback; 
xxvii. To authorize the merchant bankers, Registrar or other agencies appointed for the purpose of 
buyback to carry out any of the above activities; 
xxviii. To sign, execute and deliver such documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with 
or incidental to the Buyback including, but not limited to, certified copies of all resolutions passed 
by the Board in connection with the Buyback; 
xxix. To delegate all or any of the authorities conferred as above to any authorized representative(s) 
of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution or to accept any change(s) or 
modification(s) as may be suggested by the relevant authorities or advisors; and 
xxx. To do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee-2026 for implementing 
the Buyback shall be any two members (including- at least one director of the Company) and the Buyback 
Committee-2026 may regulate its own proceedings and meet as often as required to discharge its 
functions, and may transact on the above matters including by way of circular resolutions, if required and 
as permitted under applicable law. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. PNSV Narasimhan, President 
-Corporate Affairs, Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, and Mr. 
Ravikumar Nukala, Dy. Company Secretary of the Company and such other persons as may be authorised 
by the Buyback Committee-2026 (Authorised Persons) be and are hereby severally authorized to 
represent the Company before the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the SEBI, the SEC, the Indian Stock 
Exchanges or any other authorities or any agencies conne·cted with the Buyback and to sign and submit 
all forms, letters, documents or other papers, including certified copies of all resolutions passed by the 
Board, as may be required, and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, including filing of forms, 
payment of fees and charges, and undertaking all such incidental or ancillary actions as may be necessary, 
expedient or proper to give effect to this resolution and for the implementation of the Buyback. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee-2026 and the A.uthorised Persons be and is hereby 
severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds and carry out documentation as also to make applications 
to the appropriate authorities for requisite approvals and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation 
and issue of various documents, opening of accounts including issuing public announcement, 
extinguishment of share certificates and 'Certificate of Extinguishment' required to be filed in connection 
with the Buyback on behalf of the Board and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents 
and correspondence as may be necessary· for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, RBI, 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CJN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
• 
CYI l::NT 
• Government of India, SEC, Indian Stock Exchanges, Registrar of Companies, Depositories and/or other 
authorities. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution and subject to applicable law 
and approval of the Buyback by the members, the Buyback Committee-2026 shall have the power and 
authority to accept and make any alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions, delegate all 
or any of the authorities conferred upon it to any officer{s) and/or representatives of the Company, in 
order to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and substitute such delegation / sub­
delegation of authority from time to time as well as to give such directions as may be necessary or 
desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise and generally, to do all acts, deeds, 
matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper in 
relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the Buyback without seeking any further 
consent or approval of the Board or otherwise to the end and intent that the Board shall be deemed to 
have given its approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained hereinabove shall confer any right .on the part of any 
member to offer, -or any obligation on the part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any shares and/or 
impair any power of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to such Buyback if so 
permissible by law. 
Declaration of Solvency: 
RESOLVED THAT in terms of Section 68{6) of the Act read with Regulation 8(i)(b) of the Buyback 
Regulations, as amended, the Board hereby adopts the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at March 31, 
2026 on standalone and consolidated basis as per draft placed before the Board and authorizes Mr. 
Venkat Rama Mohan Reddy Bodanapu, Non-Executive Director & Founder Chairman and Mr. Bodanapu 
Ganesh Venkat Krishna, Managing Director to sign the same. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under the provisions of Section 68(6) of the Act and Regulation 
8(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations as amended, the draft of the declaration of solvency along with its 
annexures thereof be and is hereby approved for filing with the appropriate authorities after having it 
verified by an affidavit and Mr. Venkat Rama Mohan Reddy Bodanapu, Non-Executive Director & Founder 
Chairman and Mr. Bodanapu Ganesh Venkat Krishna, Managing Director, be and are hereby authorized 
to sign the same on behalf of the Board. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the draft of the report issued by S.R. Batliboi 
& Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants, (ICAI Firm Registration Number 101049W/E300004), statutory 
auditors of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board confirms that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects 
of the Company and has formed the opinion: 
i. That immediately following the date of the board meeting held on 23 April 2026 and the date of 
the members' resolution for approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the 
Company can be found unable to pay its debts; 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India ClN:L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +91 40 2';';11 03S2 • 
CYIENT 
• ii. That as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following the date of the board 
meeting held on 23 April 2026 as well as for the year immediately following the date of passing 
of the members' resolution and having regard to the Board's intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company's business during that year and to the amount and character of the 
financial resources, which will, in the Board's view, be available to the Company during that year, 
the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered 
insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the board meeting and also from the date 
of passing of the members' resolution; 
iii. In forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities {including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20161 as amended. 
Shareholders' Approval for the Buyback: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and other 
applicable laws, if any, the approval of the shareholders, holding shares as on the cut-off date, by way of 
a special resolution through postal ballot be sought and the draft of the notice for the postal ballot {Postal 
Ballot Notice), and the accompanying explanatory statement as circulated to the Board be and is hereby 
approved. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer a_nd Mr. Ravikumar Nukala, Dy. Company Secretary, be and 
are hereby severally authorized to: (i) make necessary alterations, finalise, sign and issue the Postal Ballot 
Notice and the accompanying explanatory statement (ii) appoint an agency for providing the electronic 
platform fore-voting to the members of the Company entitled to vote, on such terms and conditions as 
they may deem fit suitable terms (iii) carry out all incidental activities including fixing a cut-off date in 
connection with obtaining approval of the shareholders by a special resolution, including dating of the 
Postal Ballot Notice and (iv) do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary to give effect to this 
resolution and in connection with the Buyback. 
Appointment of scrutinizer: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Manish Kumar Singhania, Practicing Company Secretary Membership No. 
ACS 22056 (CP No. 8068) be and is hereby appointed as the scrutinizer ("Scrutinizer") to conduct the 
polling process for the business stated in the Postal Ballot Notice, in a fair and transparent manner, at 
such remuneration as may be mutually agreed upon. 
RESOVED FURTHER THAT any Director and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby 
jointly and/or severally authorized to finalise the scrutinizer and receive all documents from such 
scrutinizer including scrutinizer's register, report, to countersign the scrutinizer's report, declare results 
of postal ballot and submit/intimate the said results along with the scrutinizer's report to the Indian Stock 
Exchanges and such other authorities as may be required under applicable law, and to do all such acts, 
deeds and things as may be necessary in this regard. 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +S1 40 2.~11 0352 • 
• CYIENT 
Objectives of the Buyback: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback is being proposed for the following objectives: 
i. The Buyback will help the Company to return surplus cash to its equity shareholders in proportion 
to their shareholding, thereby enhancing the overall return to shareholders; 
ii. The Buyback, proposed through the tender offer route as prescribed under Buyback Regulations, 
would involve allocation of number of equity shares to the small shareholder as per their 
entitlement or 15% of the number of equity shares to be bought back whichever is higher, 
reserved for the small shareholders. The Company believes that this reservation for small 
shareholders would benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would get classified as 
"small shareholder" as per Regulation 2(i){n) of the Buyback Regulations; 
iif. The Buyback may help in improving return on equity, by reduction in the equity base, thereby 
leading to long term increase in shareholders' value; and 
iv. The Buyback gives an option to the equity shareholders, to liquidate their equity shareholding in 
the Company or increase their percentage shareholding by abstaining from participating in the 
Buyback offer without any additional investment. 
Appointment of Compliance Officer and Investors Service Centre: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the 
Company, be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback, and KFin Technologies 
Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent {RTA) of the Company, be and is hereby designated as the 
Investors Service Centre, as required under Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations. 
Appointment of the Manager to the Buyback: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the engagement letter dated 23 April 2026, 
setting out the terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Axis Capital Limited, and the 
appointment of Axis Capital Limited as the merchant banker to the Buyback or manager to the Buyback 
(Manager) in accordance with the Act, as amended and Buyback Regulations, be and hereby are ratified 
and approved. 
Appointment of the Registrar to the Buyback: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in compliance with the Buyback Regulations, the approval of Board be and is 
hereby accorded for appointment of KFin Technologies Limited, having its registered office at Selenium 
Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, 
Rangareddy; Telangana -500 032, as the Registrar to the Buyback and for other services related to the 
Buyback at such fees and other terms and conditions as mutually agreed with them. 
Appointment of the Legal Counsel for the Buyback: 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +9:1. 40 23:1.'.I. 0352 • 
CYI l:NT 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the draft engagement letter setting out the 
terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Trilegal and the appointment of Trilegal as legal 
counsel in relation to the Buyback be and hereby ratified and approved. 
• Appointment of the Legal Counsel for U.S. law matters in connection with the Buyback: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the draft engagement letter setting out the 
terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Hogan Lovells US LLP and the app'ointment of Hogan 
Lovells US LLP as legal counsel for U.S. law matters in relation to the Buyback be and hereby ratified and 
approved. 
Appointment of the Escrow Agent: 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Axis Bank limited be and is hereby appointed as the escrow agent for the 
Buyback, to inter alia carry out the activities as escrow agent under the Buyback Regulations (Escrow 
Agent), on terms and conditions as may be mutually decided. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT an escrow account in the name and style of "Cyient Limited -Buyback Escrow 
Account " be opened with Axis Bank Limited and a Special Account in the name and style of "Cyient 
Limited -Buyback Special Account" be opened with Axis Bank Limited ("Escrow Agent") at 6-3-879/B, 
First Floor, G Pulla Building, Greenlands, Begumpet Road, Hyderabad -500016 for the purpose of the 
Buyback; and the Company shall in accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations, as a'nd by 
way of security, for the performance of its obligations under the Buyback Regulations, enter into an 
escrow arrangement, and any other such required agreements with the Escrow Agent, and the Manager; 
and before the opening of such Buyback, deposit in the Escrow Account requisite amount in accordance 
with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations, and-the Manager be and is hereby authorized to operate 
the Escrow Account in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Axis Capital Limited is authorized to operate the Escrow Accounts and instruct 
the Escrow Agent to make the payment of the amount lying to the credit of the Escrow Account in 
accordance with the Buyback Regulations and/or the directions of SEBI. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the following Officer{s) of the Company: 
SI.No. Name Designation 
1 Shrinivas Kulkarni Chief Financial Officer 
2 Sudheendhra Putty Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
3 Gokul Tapadia AVP-Finance 
4 Sri Ramana Rao AVP-Finance 
5 Ravi Kumar Nukala Dy. Company Secretary 
be and are hereby jointly and/or severally authorized to finalise and make necessary changes as may be 
required and sign and issue the Public Announcement, Letter of Offer and Post Buy-back Announcement 
and addendum/corrigendum thereto, all relevant forms, documents, applications, consents, 
undertakings, declarations, confirmation certifications, and such other documents and to do all such acts, 
Cyient Ltd. 41~ Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +'all. 40 "Z.;"il.l. 05:;z. • 
CYIENT 
• deeds and things as may be necessary, expedient or proper with regard to the implementation of the 
Buyback. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the following Officer(s) of the Company: 
SI.No. Name Designation 
1 Shrinivas Kulkarni Chief Financial Officer 
2 Sudheendhra Putty Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
3 Gokul T'apadia AVP-Finance 
4 Sri Ramana Rao AVP-Finance 
5 Ravi Kumar Nukala Dy. Company Secretary 
be and are authorized jointly and severally to execute/perform the acts, deeds, documents, letters and 
things in the name and on behalf of the Company, as may be required, to execute the escrow agreement 
and deposit therein the escrow amount as required under the Buyback Regulations. 
RESOVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Shririivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. Ravi Kumar Nukala, Dy. Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby jointly and/or severally authorized to open, operate and close the demat 
account for implementation of the Buyback or perform such other acts, deed, matter or things as may be 
necessary in this regard. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that: 
i. All the Equity Shares for Buyback are fully pald-up; 
ii. Subject to applicable law, the Company shall not issue any shares or other specified securities 
including by way of bonus issue till the expiry of the Buyback Period, except in discharge of 
subsisting obligations through stockoption schemes; 
iii. ln accordance with Section 68(8) of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, as amended, the 
Company shall not raise further capital for one year from the expiry of the Buyback Period, except 
to discharge existing obligations. This includes any issuance of the same class of shares or other 
securities, including under Section 62(1)(a), within six months of the Buyback, except as bonus 
shares or to meet subsisting obligation's such as stock option schemes; 
iv. The Company shall not buyback locked-in Equity Shares and non-transferable equity shares till 
the pendency of the lock-in or till the Equity Shares become transferable; 
v. The Company shall not buyback its equity shares from any person through negotiated deal 
whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private 
arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback; 
vi. There are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits, interest payment thereon, 
redemption of debentures or interest thereon or redemption oJ preference shares or payment of 
dividend or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institution 
or banking company, as the case may be; 
vii. That the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Act; 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN:L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
F +9140 2311 0352 • 
CYl[!NT 
• viii. That funds borrowed from Banks and Financial Institutions, if any, will not be used for the 
Buyback; 
ix. The aggregate amount of the Buyback i.e. INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred 
Twenty Crores,) does not exceed 25% of the total paid-up capital and free reserves of the 
Company as per the audited standalone and the consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on 31 March 2026; 
x. The number of equity shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 64,00,000 {Sixty 
Four Lakhs}, does not exceed 25% of the total number of equity shares in the existing paid-up 
equity share capital as on 31 March-2026; 
xi. The Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned from the 
date of expiry of the Buyback Period, subject to applicable laws; 
xii. The Buyback will not be in contravention of Regulation 4(vii) of Buyback Regulations, i.e. the 
Company has not made the offer of Buyback within a period of one year reckoned from the date 
of expiry of buyback period of the preceding offer of buyback; 
xiii. There is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant 
to the provisions of the Act,. as on date; 
xiv. The Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations; 
xv. The Company will not directly or indirectly purchase its own Equity Shares or other specified 
securities: 
a. Through any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies; or 
b. Through any investment company or group of investment companies. 
xvi. Consideration of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be paid only by way of cash; 
xvii. The Buyback will not result in de listing of the Equity Shares from Indian Stock Exchanges; 
xviii. As on date, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company is 
not and shall not be more. than twice the paid-up share capital and free reserves based on l_ower 
of the audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 31 March 
2026; 
xix. The Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the LODR Regulations; 
xx. The Buyback offer shall not be withdrawn once the public announcement is made; 
xxi. In terms of Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the Promoters and members of 
Promoter Group, and their associates shall not deal in the Equity Shares of the Company either 
through the -stock exchanges or off-market transactions {including inter-se transfer of Equity 
Shares among the Promoters and members of Promoter Group) from the date of this resolution 
till the dosing of the Buyback offer; 
xxii. The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such 
sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +9140 6764 1000 
r +91 40 2.311 03s2. • 
CYI l!NT 
• purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such 
transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements; 
xxiii. The Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity 
Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed (if applicable) 
in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the Act within the specified 
timelines; 
xxiv. The Company does not have any outstanding debt from lenders, except for certain working capital 
loans and accordingly, the Company will obtain the consents of such lenders wherever applicable 
in terms of the loan covenants in accordance with Regulation S(i)(c) read with Schedule I (xii) of 
the Buyback Regulations; and 
xxv. No promoter or promoter group shareholder will, pursuant to the Buyback, breach the limits 
prescribed under Regulation 3 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations , 2011 requiring an open offer. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors or Mr. Sudheendhra Putty Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer or Mr. Ravi Kumar Nukala, Deputy Company Secretary be and are hereby severally 
authorised to sign the certified true copy/extracts of the above resolution and be forwarded to the 
concerned persons or authorities, as may be required." 
Cyient Ltd. 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
Units Layout, Madhapur 
Hyderabad -500 081 
India CIN:L72200TG1991PLC013134 
www.cyient.com 
Company.secretary@cyient.com 
T +91 40 6764 1000 
f +9140 2311 0352 • 
  
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com  
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com  
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0 352 
  
 
CERTIFIED COPY OF THE SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT BY THE 
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ON 10 JUNE 2026 
 
1.  Approval for the Buyback of equity shares of the Company 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with Article 23 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended (Act), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended (Share Capital Rules), the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, as amended (Management Rules) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (LODR 
Regulations), including any amen dments, statutory modifications or reenactments thereof, 
for the time being in force and in compliance wi th the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (Buyback Regulations), subject to such 
other approvals, permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary, incl uding exemptive relief 
from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissio n (SEC) on certain aspects of laws applicable 
to the buyback, and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed 
by the government, regulatory, statutory or relevant authorities while granting such 
approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed to by the Board of 
Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which expression includes 
any committee duly constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, and/or the powers 
conferred by this resolution and/or persons authorized by the Board or its committee), 
approval of the shareholders be and is hereby  accorded for the buyback by the Company of 
up to 64,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of  face value of INR 5 (Indian Rupee Five) each 
(Equity Shares), from all the shareholders of the Company except promoters and members of the promoter group (the term Promoter / Promot er Group will be such person as defined in 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Subs tantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended), as on the record date, to be determined by the Board 
(Record Date), on a proportionate basis, at a price of INR 1, 125 (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
One Hundred Twenty Five) per Equity Share (Buyback Price) and for an aggregate amount of 
INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundr ed Twenty Crores) (Buyback Offer Size), 
representing 20.31% and 14.09% of the aggregate of the paid-up share capital and free 
reserves of the Company based on its latest audited standalone and consolidated financial 
s t a t e m e n t s  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y ,  r e s p e c t i v e l y ,  a s  a t  3 1  M a r c h  2 0 2 6  ( b e i n g  t h e  l a t e s t  a u d i t e d  
financial statements available as on the date of the Board Meeting recommending the 
proposal for the buyback) (Buyback).  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT 15% (fifteen percent) of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding 
of small shareholders, who hold shares whose market value, on the basis of closing price of shares, on the recognized stock exchange in wh ich highest trading volume in respect of such 
shares, as on Record Date is not more than INR 2,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two lakhs), as per 
the Buyback Regulations (“Small Shareholders”), whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the 
Small Shareholders, as prescribed under Regulati on 6 of the Buyback Re gulations and in case 
the shares tendered are less th an the reservation the same shall be adjusted in the general 
category, in accordance with Buyback Regulations. 
 CYll:NT • 
• • 
 
 
  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Offer Size does not include any expenses or 
transaction costs incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback, such as, brokerage, filing fees, 
advisory fees, intermediaries’ fees, publication expenses, prin ting and dispatch expenses, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty etc. and 
other incidental and related expenses (Transaction Costs). 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback period shall commence from the date of declaration 
of results of the postal ballot for special resolution and shall continue until the last date on which the payment of consideration for the Equi ty Shares bought back by the Company is 
made (Buyback Period), in accordance with, an d in consonance with the provisions contained 
in the Buyback Regulations, the Act, Share Capi tal Rules, the Management Rules and the LODR 
Regulations and other applicable law, if any.  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board/Buyback Committee-2026 may, till 1 (one) working day 
prior to the Record Date, increase the Buybac k Price and decrease the number of Equity 
Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no change in the 
Buyback Offer Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all the equity shareholders (excluding Promoters and members of 
Promoter Group) of the Company as on Record Date will be eligible to participate in the Buyback. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT it is hereby recorded  that, with the Buyback Offer Price and the 
Buyback Offer Size as approved above, the resultant equity shares being bought back shall be up to 64,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares re presenting 5.76% of the existing fully paid-up 
equity share capital.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 4 of the Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall implement the Buyback out of its free re serves and securities premium account of the 
Company or such other source as may be permitted by the Buyback Regulations or the Act, and the Buyback shall be undertaken through the tender offer route through the Indian stock 
exchanges, on such terms and conditions as the Board may deem fit. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended 
to be met out of the Company’s current surplus and/or cash balances and/or cash available from internal accruals (and not from borrowed funds whether secured or unsecured of any 
form or nature), and on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time at its absolute discretion.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company, to the extent legally permissible, shall implement 
the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant 
to Tender-Offers under Takeovers, Buyback and Delisting” notified by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with 
SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/P/2016/131 date d December 9, 2016, SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR-III/CIR/P/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, including any amendments thereof as amended (SEBI Circulars), and the Company shall approach BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
(collectively referred to as Indian Stock Exchanges) as may be required, for facilitating the same and basis the approval of the Board, BSE shall act as the designated Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback of Equity Shares from non-resident members of the 
Company, including foreign corporate bodies (including erstwhile Overseas Corporate 
Bodies), Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Fo reign Portfolio Investors, members of foreign 
nationality, shall be subject to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 , as applicable, and shall be subject to such 
approvals if, and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities including 
approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI ) under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999 and the rules, regulations framed thereunder, if any, and such approvals shall be 
required to be taken by such non-resident shareholders.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is here by authorized to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things as may be necessary including but not limited to appointing merchant 
bankers, brokers, lawyers, de pository participants, escrow agents, bankers, advisors, 
registrars, scrutinizers, consultants, represen tatives, intermediaries , agencies, printers, 
advertisement agency, etc., as may be required, for the implementation of the Buyback; 
carrying out filings, submissions, applications and other documents to the appropriate 
authorities for requisite approvals; initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of various documents, including issuing public announcement, extinguishment of share certificates and ‘Certificate of Extinguishment’ required to be filed in connection with the 
Buyback on behalf of the Board; opening of accounts and providing such other undertakings, 
certifications, agreements, pa pers, documents and correspondence as may be necessary for 
the implementation of the Buybac k to the SEBI, RBI, Government of India, SEC, Indian Stock 
Exchanges, Registrar of Companies, De positories and/or ot her authorities. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is here by authorized to dele gate all or any of the 
p o w e r ( s )  c o n f e r r e d  h e r e i n  o r  r e q u i r e d  i n  r e l a t i o n  t o  B u y b a c k  a s  i t  m a y  i n  i t s  a b s o l u t e  discretion deem fit, to any committee /direc tor/officer including the Buyback Committee-
2026 constituted by the Board for implementation of Buyback/any person authorized by the Buyback Committee-2026. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. PNSV 
Narasimhan, President – Corporate Affairs, Mr. Sudheendhra Putty, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Office r, Mr. Ravikumar Nukala, Deputy Company Secretary of the Company or 
such other persons as may be authorized by the Board or the Buyback Committee-2026, be and are hereby authorized to represent the Comp any before the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
the SEBI, the SEC, Indian Stock Exchanges or any other agencies connected with the Buyback 
and to sign and submit all forms, letters, docu ments or other papers, including certified copies 
of all resolutions passed by the Board in conn ection with the Buyback that may be required 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, including filing of forms, payment of fees 
and charges, and undertaking all such incidental or ancillary actions as may be necessary, 
expedient or proper to give effect to this resolution and for the implementation of the 
Buyback.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained hereinabove shall confer any right on the part of any member to offer, or any obligation on the part of the Company or the Board to buyback 
any shares and/or impair any power of the Company or the Board to terminate any process 
in relation to such Buyback if so permissible by law.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving  effect to this resolution and subject to 
applicable law, the Board shall have the power and authority to accept and make any 
alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions, delegate all or any of the authorities 
conferred upon it to any officer(s) and/or representatives of the Company, in order to give 
 
 
 effect to the aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and substitute such delegation / sub-
d e l e g a t i o n  o f  a u t h o r i t y  f r o m  t i m e  t o  t i m e  a s  w e l l  a s  t o  g i v e  s u c h  d i r e c t i o n s  a s  m a y  b e  
necessary or desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise and 
generally, to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary, expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the Buyback without seekin g any further consent or approval of the 
Members or otherwise to the end and intent that the Board shall be deemed to have given its 
approval thereto expressly by th e authority of this resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors or the Company Secretary be and are hereby 
authorised to sign the certified true copy/extracts of the above resolution and be forwarded 
to the concerned persons or authorities, as may be required.” 
  Explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 102(1) and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Secretarial Standard s on General Meetings 
 Item No. 1 – Approval for the Buybac k of Equity Shares of the Company 
 The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) , at its meeting held on  23 April 2026, has, 
subject to the approval of the Members of the Company, by way of a special  resolution 
through Postal Ballot (Special Resolution) and subject to such other approvals, as may be 
necessary, approved the proposal for Buyback by the Company of up to  64,00,000 (Sixty Four 
Lakh) fully paid-up equity shares  of face value of INR 5/- (Indian Rupee Five) each (Equity 
Shares), representing 5.76% of the existing fully paid-up equity share capital on standalone basis, from the shareholders of the Company, as on the record date, to be determined by the 
Buyback Committee-2026 (Record Date), on a  pr oportionate basis, at a price of INR 1,125 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five) per Equity Share (Buyback Price) 
and for an amount of INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred Twenty Crores) 
(Buyback Offer Size), representing 20.31% and 14.09% of the aggregate of the total paid-up 
share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, respectively, as at 31 March 2026 
(Buyback), through the tender offer route, in acco rdance with the provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (as amended) 
(Buyback Regulations) and the Companies Act, 20 13 (Act),the rules made thereunder and SEBI 
Circulars (as defined below ). 
 
All equity shareholders (excluding promoter and promoter group) of the Company as on Record Date will be eligible to participate in the Buyback.  
Since, the Buyback is more than 10% of the aggr egate of the fully paid-u p equity share capital 
and free reserves of the Company as per the au dited financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2026, it is proposed to seek your approval by way of a 
special resolution through this Postal Bal lot Notice. 
 The Buyback will be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender- Offers unde r Takeovers, Buyback and Delisting” notified 
by Securities and Exchange Board of India (S EBI) vide circular CIR/ CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 
dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, 
SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR-III/CIR/P/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, and such other circulars or 
notifications, as may be applicable, including any amendments thereof as amended (SEBI Circulars). 
 
 
  
The Board has also constituted a Buyback Committee - 2026 comprising of Mr. Sunil 
Bhumralkar, Independent Director, Mr. P R Ramesh, Independent Director, Prof. Madan 
Pillutla, Independent Director, Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sudheendhra Putty, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company (Buyback Committee- 2026). The Buyback Committee-2026 has been authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, 
usual or proper in connection with the Buyback. 
 The Board has appointed Mr. Manish Kumar Singhania, Practicing Company Secretary, (ACS 22056; CP No. 8068) as the scrutinizer (Scrutinizer) for conducting the postal ballot through 
the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
1. Date of the Board Meeting at which proposal of the Buyback was approved by the 
Board of Directors 23 April 2026 
2. Necessity for the Buyback: 
The Members are informed that the Company has cash liquidity reflected in the last 
audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements as 
on 31 March 2026. 
 
In the current market scenario, keeping in mind the Company’s market strategies and 
future expansion plans, the Company presently has surplus cash of up to INR 9,408 Mn 
(Indian Rupees Nine Thousand Four Hundred and Eight Million only) on standalone basis.  
The Board has evaluated, inter alia, the Company’s audited financial statements, available 
free reserves, cash and investments, and expected cash flows, and has considered various 
internal and financial parameters, including but not limited to: 
 anticipated cash requirements towards working capital, capital expenditure, 
technology and infrastructure; 
 investments required for execution of the Company’s growth strategy; 
 potential inorganic opportunities, including acquisitions; 
 the need to maintain adequate liquidity for contingencies and u nforeseen 
events; and 
 overall financial flexibility  to support business operations and future growth. 
In view of the above, the Company could therefor e consider buying back up to 64,00,000 fully 
paid-up equity shares of  the Company of face value of IN R 5 each at a price of INR 1,125 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Twenty  Five) per equity share for an aggregate 
maximum amount of INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred Twenty Crores) for 
reasons set forth below: 
i. The Buyback will help the Company to return surplus cash to its equity shareholders 
in proportion to their shareholding, th ereby enhancing the overall return to 
shareholders; 
ii. The Buyback, proposed through the tender  offer route as prescribed under the 
Buyback Regulations, would involve allocation of number of equity shares to the small shareholders as per their entitlement or 15% of the number of equity shares to be bought back whichever is higher, reserved for the small shareholders. The Company believes that this reservation for small shareholders would benefit a large number of 
public shareholders, who would get classified as “small shareholder” as per 
Regulation 2( i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations; 
 
 
 iii. The Buyback may help in improving return on equity, by reduction in the equity base, 
thereby leading to long term incr ease in shareholders’ value; and 
iv. The Buyback gives an option to the equity shareholders, to liquidate their equity 
shareholding in the Company or increase their percentage shareholding by abstaining from participating in the Buyback offer without any additional investment. 
The Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to pursue growth 
opportunities or meet its cash requ irements for business operations. 
 
3. Maximum amount required under the Buyback and its percentage of the total paid 
up capital and free reserves 
The amount of funds required for the Buyback will aggregate to INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian 
Rupees Seven Hundred Twenty Crores) being 20. 31% and 14.09% of the aggregate of the paid-
up share capital and free reserves of the Company, as at 31 March 2026, on a standalone and 
consolidated basis, respectively, which is less than 25% of the aggregate of the total paid-up 
share capital and free reserves of the Comp any based on the latest audited financial 
statements of the Company as at 31 March 2026, on a standalone basis and consolid ated 
basis. 
 
The Buyback Offer Size does not include any expenses or transaction costs incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback, such as, brokerage, filing fees, ad visory fees, intermediaries’ fees, 
public announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes 
such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty etc. and other incidental and related expenses which will be in addition thereto. 
 The funds for the implemen tation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the current 
surplus and/or cash balances and/or cash available from internal accruals (and not from borrowed funds whether secured or unsecured of any form or nature), of the Company or 
such other source as may be permitted by the Buyback Regulations or the Act. Borrowed funds 
from banks and financial institutions, if any, wi ll not be used for the Buyback. 
 
4. Maximum Price at which the Equity Shares are proposed to be bought back and the 
basis of arriving at such price 
The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price of INR 1,125 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five) per Equity Share (Buyback Price). 
 
The Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors including, but not 
limited to, the trends in the volume weighted average market prices of the Equity Shares on 
BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) (collectively referred to 
as Indian Stock Exchanges) where the Equity Shares are listed, price earnings ratio, impact on 
other financial parameters and the possible imp act of the Buyback on the earnings per Equity Share. 
 
Further, in accordance with Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations, the Buyback 
Committee - 2026 may increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares 
proposed to be bought back provided that ther e is no change in the Buyback Offer Size, till 
one working day prior to the record date as ma y be determined by the Board (Record Date) 
fixed for the purpose of Buyback. 
 
In line with the recent market practices in relation to buyback s, the Buyback Price represents: 
 
 
  Premium of 17.71% and 16.53% to the volume weighted average market price of the 
Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively , during the three months period ending 
14 April 2026, being the date of the intimation to the stock exchanges regarding the 
proposal of buyback being considered at Board Meeting. 
 Premium of 34.91% and 32.73% to the volume weighted average market price of the 
Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respective ly, during the two weeks period ending 14 
April 2026, being the date of the intimati on to the stock exchanges regarding the 
proposal of buyback being considered at Board Meeting. 
 Premium of 25.49% and 25.54% over the clos ing price of the Equity Shares on BSE as 
w e l l  a s  N S E ,  r e s p e c t i v e l y ,  a s  o n  1 3  A p r i l 2026 being the day prior to the date of 
intimation to the stock exchanges rega rding the proposal of buyback being 
considered at Board Meeting. 
 
5. Maximum number of Equity Shares that the Company proposes to buyback 
 
The maximum number of Equity Shares at the Buyback Price and the Buyback Offer Size 
bought back would be 64,00,000 (Sixty four lakh) fully paid-up Equity Shares, comprising approximately 5.76% of the existing fully paid-up equity share capital of the Company as of 
31 March 2026. The maximum amount requ ired for Buyback will not exceed INR 
720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred Tw enty Crores) (excluding Transaction Costs). 
 
The Board Committee may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the 
Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity  Shares proposed to be bought back under 
the Buyback, such that there is no change in the Buyback Offer Size, in terms of Regulation 
5(via) of the Buyback Regulations. 
 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of current 
surplus and/or cash balances and/or cash available from internal accruals (and not from borrowed funds whether secured or unsecured of any form or nature), of the Company and any other source as may be permitted by the Buyback Regulations and the Act. 
 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/or such 
sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equa l to the nominal value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback to the Capital Redemption Reserve account. 
 The Company has neither raised nor does it intend to raise addi tional debt in connection with 
the Buyback. 
 
6. Method to be adopted for Buyback as refe rred to in Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the 
Buyback Regulations 
The Buyback shall be on a proportionate basis (subject to the reservation for Small Shareholders (defined hereinafter) in accordance with the Buyback Regulations) through the “Tender Offer” route, as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, to the extent permissible, 
and the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchanges pursuant to Tender-Offers under Takeovers, Buyback and Delisting” as prescribed under the SEBI Circulars. The 
Buyback will be implemented in accordance wi th the Act read with the rules framed there-
under, the Buyback Regulations and on such terms and conditions as may be deemed fit by the Company. 
 
 
 
 As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Company will announce a Record Date for 
the Buyback for determining the names of the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the 
Company who will be eligible to participate in the Buyback. Consequent to approval of the 
Buyback, shareholders of the Company holdin g the Equity Shares as  o f  t h e  R e c o r d  D a t e  
(Eligible Shareholders / Members) will receive a letter of offer (the Letter of Offer) along with 
a tender/offer form indicating their entitlement. 
 The Equity Shares to be bought back is divided in two categories: 
a) Reserved category for small shareholders; and 
b) General category for all other shareholders. 
In terms of Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “small shareholder” is a 
shareholder who holds equity shares whose mark et value, on the basis of closing price of 
shares on the recognised stock exchange having the highest trading volume, as on Record Date is not more than INR 2,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two Lakhs only) (Small Shareholders).  
In accordance with proviso to Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regu lations, 15% of the number of 
Equity Shares which the Company proposes to b u y b a c k  o r  s u c h  n u m b e r  o f  E q u i t y  S h a r e s  
entitled as per the shareholding of Small Shareholders as on the Record Date, whichever is 
higher, shall be reserved f or the Small Shareholders as part of this Buyback.  
Based on the holding on the Record Date, th e Company will determine the entitlement of 
each Eligible Shareholder to tender their shares  in the Buyback. This entitlement for each 
Eligible Shareholder will be calculated based on the number of Equity Shares held by the 
respective shareholder as on the Record Date and the ratio of the Buyback applicable in the 
category to which such shareholder belongs (Buyback Entitlement). The Company believes 
that this reservation for small shareholders would benefit a large number of the Company’s public shareholders, who would be classified as Small Shareholders. Given that the promoters and members of the promoter group of the Co mpany have expressed their intention not to 
participate in the Buyback, the Equity Shares  held by members of the promoter/ promoter 
group shall not be considered for computing th e entitlement ratio, in  accordance with the 
proviso to Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the Buyback Regulations, and to that extent, the Eligible 
Shareholders will have a high er Buyback Entitlement ratio. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Bu yback Regulations, to ensure that the same 
shareholders with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher entitlement under 
the Small Shareholder category, the Company will club together the Equity Shares held by such shareholders with a common PAN for determining the category (Small Shareholder or 
General) and entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the Company will 
club together the Equity Shares held in case s where the sequence of the PANs of the joint 
shareholders is identical. In case of physical  shareholders, where the sequence of PANs is 
identical, the Company will club together the Equity Sh ares held in such cases. Similarly, in 
case of physical shareholders where PAN is not available, the Company will check the sequence of names of the joint ho lders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases 
where the sequence of name of joint shareh olders is identical. The shareholding of 
institutional investors like mutual funds, pension funds/trusts, insurance companies etc., with 
common PAN will not be clubbed together fo r determining the category and will be 
considered separately, where these equity shares are held for different schemes and have a 
different demat account nomenclature based on  information prepared by the Registrar and 
Transfer Agent as per the shareholders records received from the Depositories. 
 Shareholders’ participation in Buyback will be voluntary. Eligible Shareholder(s) holding Equity Shares of the Company can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of shares to be accepted 
 
 
 under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate. Eligible Shareholder(s) holding 
Equity Shares of the Company may accept a portion or all of their entitlement. Eligible 
Shareholder(s) holding equity shares of the Company also have the option of tendering 
additional shares (over and above their entitlement) and participate in the shortfall created 
due to non-participation of some other shareholders, if any.  
The maximum number of Equity Shares that may be tendered under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of  Equity Shares held by the shareholder as  
on the Record Date. 
 The Equity Shares tendered as pe r the entitlement by Eligible Shareholder(s) holding equity 
shares of the Company as well as additional shares tendered, if any, will be accepted as per the procedure laid down in Buyback Regulati ons. The settlement of the tendered Equity 
Shares under the Buyback will be done using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender-Offers under Takeovers, Buyback and Delisting” 
notified pursuant to SEBI Circulars.  
The Buyback of Equity Shares from non-resident members of the Company, including Foreign Corporate Bodies(including erstwhile Overseas  Corporate Bodies), Foreign Institutional 
Investors (FIIs)/Foreign Portfolio Investors, memb ers of foreign nationality shall be subject to 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEMA) and rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act, 1961 an d rules and regulations framed thereunder, the 
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as applicable, and shall be subject to such approvals if, 
and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities including approvals 
from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) under FEMA and the rules, regulations framed 
thereunder, if any, and such approvals shall be required to be taken by such non-resident 
shareholders. 
 
All of the equity shareholders of the Company as on Record Date will be eligible to participate 
in the Buyback. Detailed instructions for participation in the Buyback (tender of Equity Shares in the Buyback) as well as the relevant timetable will be in cluded in the Letter of Offer which 
will be sent in du e course to the Eligible Shareholders.  
7. Time limit for completing the Buyback 
The Buyback, subject to the regulatory consents and approvals, if any, is proposed to be 
completed within one year from the date of pa ssing of special resolution by the Members as 
men tioned in the Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
8. Compliance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Comp anies Act, 2013 and Regulation 4(i) of 
the Buyback Regulations 
The aggregate paid-up share capital and free reserves as at 31 March 2026 is INR 35,446 Mn 
and INR 51,117 Mn as per audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, 
respectively, (i.e., the latest audited financial st atements available as on  the date of the Board 
Meeting recommending the proposal of the Buyback, held on 23 April 2026). Under the 
provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, the funds deployed for the Buyback cannot 
and will not exceed 25% of the aggregate of fully paid-up share capital and free reserves of the Company as per audited standalone andconsolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on 31 March 2026, whichever is lower, i.e., INR 8,862 Mn.  As per the latest audited standalone and consol idated financial statem ents of the Company 
as at 31 March 2026, the total paid-up equity capital and free reserves are as follows: 
 
 
  
Particulars Amount (INR in Mn) 
Standalone Amount (INR in Mn) 
Consolidated 
Total paid-up equity capital 
(A) 556 556 
Free Reserves (B) 34,890 50,561 
Total paid-up equity capital and free reserves (A) + (B) 35,446 51,117 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback under Section 68 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and  Regulation 4(i) of Buyback 
Regulations i.e., lower of 25% of the total paid up 
capital and free reserves of standalone and  Consolidated financial 
statements 8,862 
  Based on the above, the Buyback Offer Size, i.e., INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven 
Hundred Twenty Crores), is less than 25% of the total paid- up capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the lower of the both standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company. 
 
Further, in terms of the Act an d Buyback Regulations, the number of Equity Shares that can 
be bought back in any financial year cannot exceed 25% (twenty-five percent) of the total Equity Shares in the total existing paid-up equity  capital of the Company in that financial year. 
 The number of Equity Shares proposed to be  purchased under the Buyback i.e. 64,00,000 
Equity Shares, does not exceed 25 % (twenty- five percent) of the total number of Equity 
Shares in the existing total paid-up equity sh are capital of the Company and the total paid-up 
equity capital of the Comp any as of 31 March 2026. 
9. The aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group, the Directors of 
the Promoter where Promoter is a Company and of directors and key managerial personnel of the Company as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice: a) The aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group as on the date of the Board meeting and as on the date of the Postal Ballot Notice: 
SI. 
NO. Name of Shareholder Category Number of 
Equity 
Shares held Percentage of 
Equity 
Shareholding 
1 A Amala Reddy Promoter 3,680 0.00% 
2 B V S Ratna Kumari Promoter 15,600 0.01% 
3 B Ashok Reddy Promoter 300 0.00% 
4 Venkat Rama Mohan 
Reddy Bodanapu Promoter 4,02,620 0.36% 
5 Bodanapu Avanti Reddy Promoter 89,470 0.08% 
6 Bodanapu Ganesh 
Venkat Krishna Promoter 19,22,190 1.73% 
7 Bodanapu Sri Vaishnavi Promoter 17,93,008 1.61% 
 
 
 8 Sucharitha Bodanapu Promoter 3,73,820 0.34% 
9 D. Nageswara Reddy Promoter 1,72,800 0.16% 
10 Carol Ann Reddy Promoter 38,400 0.03% 
 
Total of Promoter  48,11,888 4.33% 
11 Vineyard Point Software 
Private Limited Promoter Group 1,40,06,750 12.61% 
12 Infocad Enterprises 
Private Limited Promoter Group 70,51,650 6.35% 
Total of Promoter Group  2,10,58,400 18.95% 
Total (Promoter + Promoter Group)  2,58,70,288 23.28% 
 
b) The aggregate shareholding of the director s of the Promoters, a s on the of the 
Board meeting and as on the date of the Postal Ballot Notice, where the promoter 
is a Company: 
 
SI. 
NO. Name of the Director/Shareholder Category Number of 
Equity Shares 
held Percentage 
of Equity 
Shareholding 
1 Bodanapu 
Sucharitha Director of Vineyard Point 
Software 
Private Limited 3,73,820 0.34% 
2 Bodanapu Ganesh 
Venkat Krishna Director of Vineyard Point 
Software 
Private Limited 19,22,190 1.73% 
3 Venkat Rama Mohan 
Reddy Bodanapu Director of Infocad 
Enterprises 
Private 
Limited 4,02,620 0.36% 
4 Bodanapu Ganesh 
Venkat Krishna Director of Infocad 
Enterprises Private 
Limited 19,22,190 1.73% 
 
c) The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of 
the Company as on the date of this Postal Ballot Notice: 
SI. 
NO. Name of the Director/ KMP/ shareholder Category Number of 
Equity Shares 
held Percentage 
of Equity 
Shareholding 
1 MM Murugappan Non-Executive - 
Non Independent 
Director-Chairperson 30,000 0.02% 
2 Venkat Rama Mohan 
Reddy Bodanapu Non-Executive - Non Independent Director 4,02,620 0.36% 
 
 
 3 Bodanapu Ganesh 
Venkat Krishna Executive Director-
MD 19,22,190 1.73% 
4 Sukamal Banerjee Executive Director-
CEO 10,000 0.009% 
5 Vikas Sehgal Non-Executive - Independent Director 8,42,100 0.75% 
6 Nitin Prasad Non-Executive - 
Independent 
Director 0 0 
7 Debjani Ghosh Non-Executive - 
Independent Director 0 0 
8 Pillutla Madan Mohan Non-Executive - 
Independent Director 0 0 
9 Prathivadibhayankara 
Rajagopalan Ramesh Non-Executive – 
Independent Director 0 0 
10 Sunil Ramakant 
Bhumralkar Non-Executive - Independent 
Director 0 0 
11 Shrinivas Kulkarni Chief Financial 
Officer 29,040 0.03 
12 Sudheendhra Putty Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer 9,333 0.008 
  
d) The aggregate Employee Stock Options (Options) held by the directors and key 
managerial personnel of the Company as on  the date of this Postal Ballot Notice: 
SI.NO. Name Category Type of 
incentive Unvested Vested but 
not 
Exercised 
1 Sukamal 
Banerjee Executive Director-
CEO Associate 
Stock Option 
Plan 1,79,834 66,666 
2 Shrinivas 
Appaji Kulkarni Chief Financial Officer Associate Stock Option Plan 28,000 0 
3 Sudheendhra 
Putty Company Secretary Associate Stock Option 
Plan 4,350 1,600 
 
10. Details of Equity Shares of the Company that have been purchased/sold by any 
Promoter / Promoter Group, directors and key managerial personnel of the  
Company during the period from the six months preceding the date of the Board 
Meeting at which the Buyback was propos ed and from the date of the Board 
Meeting till the date of this Postal Ballot Notice: 
Name Aggregate Nature of 
transaction Maximum 
price Date of maximum Minimum price Date of minimum 
 
 
 no. of 
Equity 
Shares per Equity 
Share 
(INR) price per Equity 
Share (INR) price 
Bodanapu 
Ganesh 
Venkat Krishna 8,930 Buy 1,115.13 07- 11-
2025 1,115.13 07- 11-
2025 
Bodanapu Ganesh 
Venkat 
Krishna 4,930 Buy 1,177.17 13-08-
2025 1,106.8 07- 11-
2025 
  
Details of Employee Stock Options exercised by directors and key managerial personnel of 
the Company during the six months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buyback was proposed and from the date of Board Meeting till the date of  this Postal Ballot 
Notice: 
Name Aggregate 
no. of 
Equity 
Shares Nature of 
transaction Maximum price per Equity 
Share (INR) Date of 
maximum price Minimum price per Equity 
Share (INR) Date of 
minimum price 
Shrinivas 
Appaji 
Kulkarni 5040 Exercise of 
ASOP 2021 5 12-05-
2025 5 12-05-
2025 
Sudheendhra Putty 2120 Exercise of 
ASOP 2021 5 12-06-
2025 5 12-06-
2025 
Sudheendhra Putty 2666 Exercise of 
ASOP 2015 490 04-03-
2026 490 04-03-
2026 
 
 
11. Intention of the Promoters, Promoter Group and persons in control of the 
Company to tender their Equity  Shares in the Buyback: 
In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the tender offer route, the Promoter and  
Promoter Group have the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company have expre ssed their intention of not participating in 
the Buyback vide their letter (s) dated 21 and 22 April 2026, respectively. Accordingly, the 
disclosures as required as per paragraphs (v iii) to the Sch edule I of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations are not applicable. 
 
Further, assuming that the Equity Shares proposed to be bought back are fully tendered and accepted, the post-Buyback shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group is set out below: 
 
Category Pre-Buyback Shareholding 
(in %) Post-Buyback Shareholding (in %) 
Promoter and Promoter Group 23.28% 24.70% 
  
12. The Company confirms that it has not accept ed any deposits either before or after 
applicability of Companies Act, 2013. Further, the Company confirms that there are 
 
 
 no defaults subsisting in the redemption of debentures or interest payment thereon 
or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, 
or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial inst 
itution or banking companies. 
13. The Board has confirmed that it has made  a full enquiry into the affairs and 
prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion: 
a) That immediately following the date of the board meeting held on 23 April 
2026 and the date of the members’ resolution for approving the Buyback, being 10 June 2026, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts. 
b) That as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following 
the date of the board meeting held on 23  April 2026 as well as for the year 
immediately following the date of passing of the members’ resolution, being 10 June 2026, and having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount 
and character of the financial resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company dur ing that year, the Company will be able to meet 
its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the board meeting and also from 
the date of passing of the members’ resolution, being 10 June 2026. 
c) In forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the 
liabilities (including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company 
were being wound up under the provisions of the Act and the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as amended. 
14. Note on Taxation 
1. The buy-back tax regime was significantly amended through the Finance Act, 2026. With effect from 1 April 2026, the consideration received on a buy-back of shares 
carried out in accordance with the provisions of section 68 of the Companies Act, 
2013, is taxable as capital gains income (ins tead of being treated as dividend income). 
Further, promoters (as defined below) are subject to an additional income tax with respect to such capital gains income, such that the effective tax rate for non-company 
promoters is 30% (plus applicable surcha rge and cess). In case of promoter 
companies, the effective tax rate is 22% (plus applicable surcha rge and cess). 
2. The capital gains tax rates applicable to listed equity shares for various categories of 
shareholders are summarized below: 
a. For shareholders other than promoters: 
Nature of capital gains Tax rate 
Short-term capital gains arising from the 
transfer of listed sh ares referred to in 
section 196 of the Income-tax Act, 2025 20% plus applicable surcharge and cess 
Long-term capital gains arising from the transfer of listed sh ares referred to in 
section 198 of the Income-tax Act, 2025 12.5% plus applicable surcharge and cess (note that income-tax applies on long-term capital gains exceeding INR 125,000) 
  
b. For promoters: 
 
 
 Nature of capital gains Tax rate where the 
promoter is a 
domestic company Tax rate where the 
promoter is other than a 
domestic company 
Short-term capital gains 
arising from the transfer of 
listed shares referred to in section 196 of the Income-
tax Act, 2025 22% plus applicable surcharge and Cess  30% plus applicable surcharge and cess 
Long-term capital gains arising from the transfer of 
listed shares referred to in 
section 198 of the Income-
tax Act, 2025 22% plus applicable 
surcharge and cess (note 
that income-tax applies on 
long-term capital gains 
exceeding INR 125,000) 30% plus applicable 
surcharge and cess (note 
that income-tax applies on 
long-term capital gains 
exceeding INR 125,000) 
 
3. For companies whose shares are listed on a recognised stock exchange in India, 
‘promoter’ has the same meaning as provided in regulation 2(k) of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 made under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992). 
4. The Company shall be required to deduct tax at source (TDS) or withholding of taxes (WHT) at the time of making the paymen t of total buyback consideration to non-
resident shareholders at the rates provided above, subject to benefits of the Double 
Tax Avoidance Agreement (tax treaty) be tween India and their country of tax 
residence, to the extent applicable. The residential status of the shareholders would 
be taken as per the information available with the depositories (NSDL/CDSL) or the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (KFin Technologies Limited) as on Record Date for 
the Buyback 2026. 
5. Kindly note that extending the benefit of tax treaty would depend on the documents submitted. Members are requ ested to submit relevant documents, including those 
specified below, in accordance with the prov isions of the Income-tax Act, 2025. As 
per the Income-tax Act, 2025, non-resident shareholders can avail the provisions of 
the relevant tax treaty provided they satisf y conditions such as non-applicability of 
the General Anti-Avoidance Rule (GAAR), re ad with Multilateral Instrument (MLI), 
between India and the country of tax residenc e of the shareholders, if such tax treaty 
has beneficial provisions with  respect to taxation of buyback consideration. For this 
purpose, non-resident shareholders will have to provide prescribed documents including:  
 Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian income tax authorities duly 
attested by the shareholders or details  as prescribed under rule 217 of the 
Income-tax Rules, 2026 in abse nce of PAN card; 
 Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for financial year 2026-202 7 obtained from the revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax residence, duly 
attested by shareholders/ authorized signatory; 
 Electronic Form 41 which can be obtained electronically through the e-filing portal of the income tax website at 
https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal ; 
 Self-declaration by the shareholders of having no permanent establishment 
in India in accordance with the applicable tax treaty; 
 Self-declaration of beneficial owners hip by the non-resident shareholder; 
 
 
  Self-declaration of fulfilling all conditions of tax treaty read with the MLI for 
being eligible to claim benefits thereof; 
 Any other documents as prescribed under the Income-tax Act, 2025 for lower withholding of taxes, if applicable, duly attested by the shareholders. 
15. Prior approval from the lenders of the Company in case of breach of any covenant with such lender(s): 
The Company does not have any outstanding debt from lenders, except for certain 
working capital loans and accordingly, th e Company has obtained waivers/consents 
from such lenders wherever applicable in terms of the loan covenants in
 accordance 
with Regulation 5(i)(c) read with Sche dule I (xii) o f the Bu yback Regulations. 
16. General obligations of the Company as per the provisions of the Buyback Regulations 
and the Act: 
a. All the Equity Shares for Buyback are fully paid-up; 
b. Subject to applicable law, the Company shall not issue any shares or other 
specified securities including by way of bonus issue till the expiry of the Buyback 
Period, except in discharge of subsisting obligations through stock option 
schemes; 
c. In accordance with Section 68(8) of the Ac t read with the Buyback Regulations, as 
amended, the Company shall not raise further capital for one year from the expiry 
of the Buyback Period, except to discharge  existing obligations. This includes any 
issuance of the same class of shares or other securities, including allotment of new shares or other specified securities under Section 62(1)(a) of the Act, except as bonus shares or to meet subsisting ob ligations such as stock option schemes; 
d. The Company shall not buyback locked-in equity shares and non-transferable equity shares till the pendency of the lo ck-in or till the equity shares become 
transferable; 
e. The Company shall not buyback its equity shares from any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot 
transactions or through any private arra ngement in the implementation of the 
Buyback; 
f. There are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or  interest thereon or redemption of 
preference shares or payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans or 
interest payable thereon to any financial institut ion or banking company, as the 
case may be; 
g. That the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of 
the Act; 
h. That funds borrowed from Banks and Financial Institutions will not be used for 
the Buyback; 
i. The amount of the Buyback i.e. INR 720,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred 
Twenty Crores) does not exceed 25% of the total paid-up capital and free reserves of the Company as per the audited standalone and the consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 31  March 2026, whichever is lower; 
j. The number of equity shares proposed to  be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 
64,00,000 (Sixty four lakhs) does not ex ceed 25% of the total number of equity 
shares in the existing paid-up equity share capital as on 31 March 2026; 
 
 
 k. The Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year 
reckoned from the date of expiry of th e Buyback Period, subject to applicable 
laws; 
l. The Buyback will not be in contravention of Regulation 4(vii) of Buyback Regulations, i.e. the Company has not made the offer of Buyback within a period 
of one year reckoned from the date of ex piry of buyback period of the preceding 
offer of buyback; 
m. There is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or 
arrangement pursuant to the provisions of the Act, as on date; 
n. The Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations; 
o. The Company will not directly or indirectly purchase its own Eq uity Shares or 
other specified securities: 
a. Through any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies; or 
b. Through any investment company or group of investment companies. 
p. Consideration of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company w ill be paid only 
by way of cash; 
q. The Buyback will not result in delisting of the Equity Shares f rom Indian Stock 
Exchanges; 
r. As on date, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by 
the Company is not and shall not be more  than twice the paid-up share capital 
and free reserves based on lower of the audited standalone or consolidated 
financial statements of the Co mpany as on 31 March 2026; 
s. The Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding requirements as  specified in Regulation 38 of the LODR Regulations 
t. The Buyback offer shall not be withdrawn once the public announc ement is 
made; 
u. In terms of Regulation 24(i)(e) of th e Buyback Regulations, the Promoters and 
members of Promoter Group, and their associates shall not deal in the Equity Shares of the Company either throug h the stock exchanges or off-market 
transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoters and members of Promoter Group) from the date of Board resolution approving 
the Buyback till the clos ing of the Buyback offer 
v. The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account 
and/ or such sources as may be permit ted by law, a sum equal to the nominal 
value of the Equity Shares purchased  through the Buyback to the capital 
redemption reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in 
its subsequent audited financial statements; 
w. The Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback 
Regulations and the Act within the specified timelines; 
x. The Company does not have any outstanding debt from lenders, except for 
certain working capital loans and accordingly, the Company has obtained waivers/consents from such  lenders wherever applicab le in terms of the loan 
 
 
 covenants in accordance with Regulation 5( i)(c) read with Schedule I (xii) of the 
Buyback Regulations; and 
y. No Promoter or Promoter Group sharehol der will breach the limits prescribed 
under Regulation 3 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 requiring a trigger of the 
open offer. 
17. Report addressed to the Board by the Company’s Auditors on the permissible capital 
payment and the opinion formed by directors regarding insolvency: 
The text of the Report dated 23 April 2026 re ceived from S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, 
Chartered Accountants, (ICAI Firm Registrati on Number 101049W/E300004), the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, addressed to the Boar d of Directors of the Company is reproduced 
below: 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the proposed buy back of equity shares pursuant to the requirements of Section 68 and Section 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018 as amended.  
To, The Board of Directors Cyient Limited 
4th Floor, “A” Wing, 11, Software Units Layout, Infocity, Madhapur, Hyderabad – 500081. 
 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our service scope letter dated 
April 21, 2026 and master engagement agreement July 15, 2024 with Cyient Limited 
(hereinafter the “Company”). 
2. The proposal of the Company to buy back its equity shares in pursuance of the 
provisions of Section 68 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Clause (xi) 
of Schedule I of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the SEBI Buyback Regulations”) has been approved 
by the Board of Directors of the Company in  their meeting held on April 23, 2026. The 
proposal for buyback is subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
The Company has prepared the attached “Statement of determination of the amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of equity shares” (the “Statement”) which we have initialed for identification purposes only. 
  Board of Directors Responsibility 
3. The preparation of the Statement is the responsibility of the Board of Directors of the Company, including the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and ma intenance of internal control re levant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Statemen t and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and 
making estimates that are reas onable in the circumstances. 
4. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into the affairs and 
prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule 
I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period 
 
 
 of one year from that date. The Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring 
that the Company complies with the requirements of the Act and SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. 
Auditor’s Responsibility 
5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, it is our 
responsibility to provide reasonable assurance: 
i. Whether we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for year ended March 31, 2026. 
ii. Whether the amount of permissible capital payment for the proposed 
buyback of the equity shares as included in the Statement has been properly 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 68(2)(c) of the Act and Regulation 4(i) of the SEBI Buyback Reg ulations; 
iii. Whether the Board of Directors have formed the opinion as specified in c l a u s e  ( x )  o f  S c h e d u l e  I  t o  t h e  S E B I  B u y b a c k  R e g u l a t i o n s  o n  r e a s o n a b l e  grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, 
will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one y ear from that date. 
6. The audited standalone and consolidated  financial statements, referred to in 
paragraph 5(i) above, have been audited by us on which we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our reports dated April 23, 2026. Our audits of these financial 
statements were conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing, as specified under Section 143(10) of the Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of mat erial misstatement. 
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Reports or Certificates for Spec ial Purposes issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. The Guidance  Note requires that we comply with the 
ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics  issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. 
8. We have complied with the relevant appl icable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of 
Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements. 
9. Our scope of work did not involve us performing audit tests for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the fairness or accuracy of any of the financial information or the financial results of the Company taken as a whole. We have not performed an audit, the objective of which would be the expression of an opinion on the financial 
results, specified elements, accounts or item s thereof, for the purpose of this report. 
Accordingly, we do not express such opinion. 
10. A reasonable assurance engagement involv es performing procedures to obtain 
sufficient appropriate evidence on the applicable criteria mentioned in paragraph 5 above. The procedures selected depend on  the auditor’s judgement, including the 
assessment of the risks associated with the applicable criteria. Our procedures included the following in re lation to the Statement: 
 
 
 i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
March 31, 2026. We have obtained and read the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026 
including the unmodified audit opinions dated April 23, 2026; 
ii. Read the Articles of Association of th e Company and noted the p ermissibility 
of buyback; 
iii. Traced the amounts of Paid-up equity  share capital, retained earnings, 
securities premium, treasury shares and other reserves as mentioned in Statement from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year  ended March 31, 2026. 
iv. Obtained from Company Secretary a ce rtified copy of the minutes of the 
meeting of the Board of Directors in  which the proposed buy-back was 
approved and compared the buy-back amount with the permissible limit 
computed in accordance with section 68 (2)(c) of the Act and Regulation 4(i) 
of the SEBI Buyback Regulation s detailed in the Statement; 
v. Obtained from Company Secretary a ce rtified copy of the minutes of the 
meeting of the Board of Directors in which the proposed buy-back was 
approved and read the Board had formed the opinion as specified in SEBI 
Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds that the Company will not, 
having regard to the state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of 
one year from that date. 
vi. Obtained necessary repres entations from the mana gement of the Company 
Opinion 
11. Based on our examination as above, and the information and expl anations given to 
us, we report that: 
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of the 
equity shares as included in the Statem ent has been properly determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 68(2)(c) of the Act and Regulation 
4(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
iii. The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on April 23, 
2026, have formed the opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I of the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from that date. 
Restriction on Use 
12. The Report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the requirements of Section 68 and Section 70 of the Act read with Clause (xi) of Schedule I of SEBI Buyback Regulations solely to enable them to include it (a) in the explanatory statement to be included in the postal ballot notice to be circulated 
to the shareholders, (b) in the public anno uncement to be made to the Shareholders 
of the Company, (c) in the letter of offer to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
 
 
 Board of India, the stock exchanges, the Registrar of Companies the National 
Securities Depository Limited and the Centra l Depository Securities (India) Limited, 
and (d) for providing to the Merchant Bankers (the “Managers”) in connection with 
the proposed buyback of equi ty shares of the Company for onward submission to 
relevant authorities in pursuance to the provisions of Sections 68 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and should not be used by 
any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume 
any liability or any duty of care for any othe r purpose or to any other person to whom 
this report is shown or into whose hands it may come. We have no responsibility to update this report for events and circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101049W/E300004 
 
______________________________ 
per Mitesh K Parikh 
Partner 
Membership Number: 225333 
UDIN: 26225333LHSOLX1707 
 
Date: April 23, 2026 
Place of Signature: Hyderabad   
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 
Statement of the amount of pe rmissible capital payment for proposed buyback of equity 
shares (“the Statement”) in acco rdance with Section 68 (2) of  the Companies Act, 2013, as 
amended and Regulation 4(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI Buyback Regulations”), based on the 
audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements as at 
March 31, 2026:  
Particulars FY2025-26 
 
 Standalone Consolidated 
 (Rs. in Million) 
Paid up equity share capital (111,126,188 as at March 31, 2026) equity shares of Rs. 5/- each 556 556 
Free Reserves#:   
Security Premium (A) 2,837 2,837 
Treasury Shares (B) (575) (575) 
General Reserve* (C) 5,338 5,204 
Retained Earnings* (D) 27,290 32,422 
Other reserves* (E) - 10,673 
Total Free Reserves (A+B+C+D+E) 34,890 50,561 
Total Paid up Equity Capital an d Free Reserves 35,446 51,117 
Maximum amount permissible for buy back under Sec 68 of Companies Act 2013 (25% of paid 
up share capital and free reserves) (Note: Lower of Standalone & Consolidated) 8,862 
Maximum amount permissible by board resolution (10% of paid up share capital and free 
reserves)  3,545 
Maximum amount permitted by board through resolution 7,200 
 
Note: 
 
# The amounts have been extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026. 
 * Free reserves are as per sub clause 43 of Sectio n 2 and expla nation II to Section 68 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Cyient Limited 
CIN No.: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
   
Krishna Bodanapu 
Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
(DIN - 00605187) 
 
 
All the material documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and Explanatory Statement 
such as Memorandum of Association, Articles of Association, the relevant Board resolution 
 
 
 for the Buyback, the Auditors Report dated 23 April 2026 and the audited financial statements 
of the Company as on 31 March 2026 are availa ble for electronic inspection without any fee 
by the members up to the last date of e-voti ng. Members seeking to inspect such documents 
can send an email to company.secretary@cyient.com. The audited financial statements of the 
Company as on 31 March 2026, Postal Ballot Notice and Explanatory Statement, 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company are also available on the Company’s website at www.cyient.com . 
 
In the opinion of the Board, the proposal for Bu yback is in the interest of the Company and its 
members holding Equity Shares of the Comp any. The Directors, therefore, recommend 
passing of the Special Resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice. 
 
No director, key managerial pers onnel or their relatives are interested in or concerned with 
the resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding. 
  
 Sudheendhr;, J L' """ 
Cum pa ny Secret e;. • 