^^.^i '^'
Ref: SEC/SE/2025-26
Date: December 05, 2025
To,
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai- 400001
BSE Scrip Code: 500096/ /
ndla Ltd
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Recei t of Observation Letter with 'no adverse observations' from BSE Limited
in relation to the Scheme ofAmal amation of Sesa Care Private Limited with and
into Dabur India Limited and their res ective shareholders and creditors.
Ref. : Intimation under Re ulation 30 of the SEBI Listin Obli ations and Disclosure
Re uirements Re ulations 2015 as amended "Listin Re ulations" -Scheme
ofAmal amation
Dear Sir/ Madam,
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated May 26, 2025 w.r.t. the Scheme of Amalgamation
of Sesa Care Private Limited ("Transferor Company") with and into Dabur India Limited
("Company" or "Transferee Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors
under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with rules made thereunder ("Scheme").
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received observation letter
with 'no adverse observations' from BSE Limited ("BSE") on December 04, 2025. A copy of
the said letter is enclosed herewith. The Scheme remains subject to various statutory and
regulatory approvals and of the respective shareholders and creditors of the companies
involved in the Scheme, as may be required.
The observation letter received from BSE is also made available on the website of the
Company at www. dabur. com.
We request you to bring the above to the notice of all concerned and take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
(Ash ar^Jain)
Group C pany Secretary and Chief Compliance officer
End. : as above
DABLR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110 002. Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, AsafAll Road. New Delhi -110 002 (India)
CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur. com, Webslte: www. dabur. com





1Gupta Saket
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Attachments:Toshika Sharma 
04 December 2025 18:13
Gupta Saket
Vishal Jhaveri; Kinnar Mehta; BSE Schemes
[EXTERNAL] Observation Letter_Scheme of arrangement between Sesa Care Private 
Limited and Dabur India Limited
OL_Dabur India Limited.pdf
Dear Saket, 
Please ﬁnd attached herewith the “Observation Letter”  pursuant to Scheme of Arrangement between 
Sesa Care Private Limited and Dabur India Limited and their respective Shareholders under Regulation 
37, SEBI (LODR), 2015 and Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
Please note that the following details are to be part of the disclosures to the shareholders pursuant to 
Point number 13 of the Observation Letter: -  
1.In cases of Demerger, apportionment of losses of the listed company among the companies
involved in the scheme. 
2.Details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the companies involved in the scheme,
both pre and post scheme of arrangement, along with a write up on the history of the demerged 
undertaking/Transferor Company certiﬁed by Chartered Accountant (CA). 
3.Any type of arrangement or agreement between the demerged company / resulting company /
merged / amalgamated company/ creditors / shareholders / promoters / directors/etc., which 
may have any implications on the scheme of arrangement as well as on the shar eholders of listed 
entity. 
4.In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the Company, Reasons along with
relevant provisions of Companies Act, 2013 or applicable laws for proposed utilization of reserves 
viz. Capital Reserve, Capital Redemption Reserve, Securities premium, as a free reserve, certiﬁed 
by CA. 
5.In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the Company, Built up for reserves
viz. Capital Reserve, Capital Redemption Reserve, Securities premium, certiﬁed by CA. 
6.In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the Company, Nature of reserves viz.
Capital Reserve, Capital Redemption Reserve, whether they are notional and/or unrealized, 
certiﬁed by CA. 
7.In the cases of capital reduction/ reorganization of capital of the Company, the built up of the
accumulated losses over the years, certiﬁed by CA. 
8.Relevant sections of Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Indian Accounting Standards and
Accounting treatment, certiﬁed by CA. 
9.In case of Composite Scheme, details of shareholding of companies involved in the scheme at
each stage 
210. Whether the Board of unlisted Company has taken the decision regarding issuance of Bonus
shares. If yes provide the details thereof.
11. List of comparable companies considered for comparable companies’ multiple method, if the
same method is used in valuation.
12. Share Capital built-up in case of scheme of arrangement involving unlisted entity/entities,
certiﬁed by CA.
13. Any action taken/pending by Govt./Regulatory body/Agency against all the entities involved in the
scheme for the period of recent 8 years.
14. Comparison of revenue and net worth of demerged undertaking with the total revenue and net
worth of the listed entity in last three ﬁnancial years.
15. Detailed rationale for arriving at the swap ratio for issuance of shares as proposed in the draft
scheme of arrangement by the Board of Directors of the listed company.
16. In case of Demerger, basis for division of assets and liabilities between divisions of Demerged
entity.
17. How the scheme will be beneﬁcial to public shareholders of the Listed entity and details of
change in value of public shareholders pre and post scheme of arrangement.
18. Tax/other liability/beneﬁt arising to the entities involved in the scheme, if any.
19. Comments of the Company on the Accounting treatment speciﬁed in the scheme to conform
whether it is in compliance with the Accounting Standards/Indian Accounting Standards.
20. If the Income Approach method used in the Valuation, Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA (in value and
percentage terms) details of entities involved in the scheme for all the number of years
considered for valuation. Reasons justifying the EBIDTA/PAT margin considered in the valuation
report.
21. Conﬁrmation that the valuation done in the scheme is in accordance with applicable valuation
standards.
22. Conﬁrmation that the scheme is in compliance with the applicable securities laws.
23. Conﬁrmation that the arrangement proposed in the scheme is yet to be executed.
Thanks & Regards, 
Toshika Sharma 
Deputy Manager 
Listing Operations Further Issues 
BSE Limited,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001, India       
www.bseindia.com  