 
 DABUR INDIA LIMITED , Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhi – 110 002, Tel.: +91 11 71206000  
Regd. OƯice: 8/3, Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi – 110 002 (India)  
CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur.com Website: www.dabur.com  
  
 
Ref: SEC/SE/2026-27  
September 25, 2026  
 
  To, 
Corporate Relations Department  Listing Department  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Dalal Street,  Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai- 400001 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
  
BSE Scrip Code: 500096  NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR  
 
 
Sub: Pronouncement of order approving the Scheme of Amalgamation under Sections 
230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, New Delhi Bench (“NCLT”)  
 
Ref.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated August 24, 2026, we are pleased to inform you 
that the Hon’ble NCLT, in its hearing held on September 24, 2026,  has pronounced the order 
sanctioning the Scheme of Amalgamation between Sesa Care Private Limited (“Transferor 
Company”) and Dabur India Limited (“Company” or “Transferee Company”) and their 
respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with rules made thereunder (“Scheme”).  
 
A press release in this regard is enclosed herewith for reference. The copy of the Hon’ble 
NCLT Order shall be intimated in due course as and when uploaded by the Hon’ble NCLT on 
its website.  
 
The Appointed Date of the Scheme is April 01, 2026. The Company is in the process of taking 
necessary steps as laid out in the Scheme.  
 
This intimation will also be available on the Company’s website at www.dabur.com .  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
  
Yours faithfully,  
For Dabur India Limited  
 
 
 
(Ashok Kumar Jain)  
Group Company Secretary and Chief Compliance officer  
 
Encl: as above  
 
NCLT approves merger of Sesa Care with Dabur India  
Approval paves way for integration of the premium Ayurvedic hair care brand into Dabur  
 Sesa Care is a leading Ayurvedic hair care brand.  
 Complements Dabur’s existing hair care portfolio, will help tap new growth opportunities.  
New Delhi, September 25, 2026:  Dabur India Limited (Dabur India) today announced that the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), New Delhi Bench, in its hearing held on September 
24, 2026, has sanctioned the Scheme of Amalgamation of Sesa Care Private Limited (Sesa Care) 
with Dabur India.  
The NCLT approval marks a key milestone in the transaction first announced in October 2024 and 
paves the way for the integration of Sesa Care with Dabur India, subject to completion of the 
necessary statutory filings and other formalities.  
Sesa Care is a leading brand in the Ayurvedic hair care market with strong brand equity. The merger 
will bring to Dabur India a premium brand with strong credentials in Ayurveda, complementing its 
existing portfolio and strengthening its presence in the hair care category.  
Commenting on the development, Dabur India Limited Global Chief Executive Officer Mr. 
Mohit Malhotra said, “The NCLT approval is an important milestone in our journey with Sesa Care. 
Sesa Care is a premium brand with strong Ayurvedic credentials and complements our existing hair 
care portfolio well. We see significant potential in bringing the two businesses together and 
building Sesa Care into a stronger and larger brand.”  
“The integration of Sesa Care is aligned with our long-term strategy of strengthening our portfolio 
and tapping newer growth opportunities. We will look to leverage Dabur India’s extensive 
distribution network, category expertise and access to key international markets to expand Sesa 
Care’s reach and unlock revenue and cost synergies from the combined business.” Dabur India 
Limited Executive Director and Group Head of Corporate Strategy Mr. Abhinav Dhall added. 
As part of the transaction, first announced in October 2024, Dabur India had initially acquired 51% 
of the paid-up Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares (CRPS) of Sesa Care from its existing 
shareholder, True North. The Scheme had earlier received the requisite approvals of Dabur India’s 
equity shareholders and unsecured creditors at meetings convened pursuant to the directions of 
the NCLT on May 2, 2026, followed by approvals from relevant regulatory authorities. The merger 
will become effective upon completion of the necessary statutory filings and other conditions 
stipulated under the Scheme.  
About Dabur India Limited  
Dabur India Limited is one of India's leading FMCG Companies. Building on a legacy of quality and experience 
for 142 years, Dabur's products today reach 8 out of every 10 Indian households, which is a testament to the 
trust we have built over generations. Our portfolio today includes four ₹1,000 crore-plus brands, alongside 
four ₹500 crore brands and 15 brands in the ₹100-500 crore range.  
For further information, please contact:  
Mr. Byas Anand  
Head-Corporate Communications  
Dabur India Limited  
9811994902  