s^-^i ^'
Ref: SEC/SE/2025-26
Date: December 05, 2025
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai- 400001
BSE Scrip Code: 500096/ /
India Ltd.
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Recei t of Observation Letter with 'no ob'ection' from the National Stock
Exchan e of India Limited in relation to the Scheme of Amal amation of Sesa
Care Private Limited with and into Dabur India Limited and their res ective
shareholders and creditors.
Ref. : Intimation under Re ulation 30 of the SEBI Listin Obli ations and Disclosure
Re uirements Re ulations 2015 as amended "Listin Re ulations" -Scheme
ofAmal amation
Dear Sir/ Madam,
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated May 26, 2025 w.r.t. the Scheme of Amalgamation
of Sesa Care Private Limited ("Transferor Company") with and into Dabur India Limited
("Company" or "Transferee Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors
under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with rules made thereunder ("Scheme").
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received observation letter
with 'no objection' from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") on December
05, 2025. A copy of the said letter is enclosed herewith. The Scheme remains subject to
various statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective shareholders and creditors of
the companies involved in the Scheme, as may be required.
The observation letter received from NSE is also made available on the website of the
Company at www. dabur. com.
We request you to bring the above to the notice of all concerned and take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
(Ash k ar'Jain)
Group Company Secretary and Chief Compliance officer
End. : as above
DABUR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhl-110 002, Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax; +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, AsafAli Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur. com, Website: www. dabur. com
 
 
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49125                          December 05, 2025  
The Company Secretary , 
Dabur India Limited  
                                  
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for draft Scheme of Amalgamation between Sesa Care Private Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) And Dabur India Limited (“Transferee Company”) and their 
respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Dabur India  Limited.   
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/4 9125  dated  September 10, 2025 , submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
read with Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, SEBI vide its letter dated December  04, 2025  has inter alia given the following comment(s) on 
the draft scheme of arrangement:   
 
a) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Listed Company, 
its promoters, and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of 
the Scheme.  
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the Listed Compan y and the Stock Exchanges . 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.  The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the SEBI Master 
Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of the Transferor Company are transferred to the 
Transferee Company.  
d) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies , if any , 
involved  in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as 
provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or 
notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to t he shareholders for 
seeking approval.  
e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.  
f) The Company shall ensure that the details of proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
shareholders.  
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49125                                       December 05, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 g) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares , if any,  to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
h) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the listed entity  
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document . 
i) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.  
j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock Exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT, and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.  
k) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 
rules and regulations  issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the 
proposed scheme . 
l) The Company shall ensure to provide the following additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution 
to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 , to enable them to take an informed decision:  
i. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies involved, pre and post 
scheme  
ii. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of the listed company.  
iii. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
iv. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company.  
v. Details/ facts about the basis of valuation including projections considered for valuation of 
transferor and transferee companies along with justification for growth rate considered for 
valuation.  
vi. Latest financials of transferor and transferee companies should be updated on the Website 
and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement.  
vii. Revised shareholding pattern of transferor and transferee companies Pre and Post -Merger.  
viii. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of transferor and transferee companies as on the date of 
notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between 
filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
ix. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company and 
the shareholders . 
x. The Company shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as 
per Annexure M of Exchange checklist.  
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49125                                       December 05, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 xi. The proposed Scheme of Arrangement shall be in compliance with the provisions of 
Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015.  
xii. The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not provide any misstatement or furnish 
false information with regard to disclosures to be made in the draft scheme of amalgamation 
as per provisions of Chapter XII of the Master Circular ref no. SEBI/HO/D DHS/DDHS -
PoD-1/P/C IR/2024/48 dated May 21, 2024 . 
xiii. The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft scheme 
subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), except those 
mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal.  
xiv. The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall include information pertaining 
to the unlisted entity, if any, in the format specified for abridged prospectus as per SEBI 
(Issue and Listing of Non -Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021, in the notice or 
proposal to be sent to the holders of NCDs/ NCRPS while seeking approval for the scheme. 
The accuracy and adequacy of such disclosures shall be certified by the SEBI registered 
Merchant Banker after following the due diligence process.  
xv. The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall  comp ly with the relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, SEB I; (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Covenants of the Debenture Trust Deeds entered with the Debenture 
Trustee(s) any other relevant regulations and circulars.  
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated u nder section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.  
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEB I/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49125                                       December 05, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the 
No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from December 05, 2025 , within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37 of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observ ation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Khyati Vidwans  
Senior Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application.  
The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ Play store with the name “NEAPS APP”.   
 