 
 
                                                            
         
         
  
              1010/02                                                            May 22, 2026 
 
 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai -400001  
Scrip Code:  542216  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: DALBHARAT  
 
Subject: Press Release on Execution of Business Transfer Agreement to acquire 5.2 MnTPA 
Cement capacity in Central Region from Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (acquired by 
Adani Group) 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith Press Release on Execution of Business Transfer Agreement to 
acquire 5.2 MnTPA Cement capacity in Central Region from Jaiprakash Associates Ltd 
(acquired by Adani Group). 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Dalmia Bharat Limited 
 
 
 
Rajeev Kumar 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above  
 
 PRESS RELEASE  
Execution of Business Transfer Agreement  to acquire 5.2 MnTPA Cement capacity in 
Central Region  from Jaiprakash Associates  Ltd (acquired by Adani Group ) 
 
New Delhi, May  22, 202 6: Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited  (“DCBL ”), a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Dalmia Bharat Limited , has executed  a Business Transfer Agreement with Jaiprakash Associates  Limited  
(“JAL”)  (which has been acquired by Adani Group under the Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code  “IBC” ) and 
Adani Infra (India) Limited  on May 21, 2026 for acquisition of Cement  Undertaking comprising of plants 
located at Rewa (Madhya Pradesh), Churk, Chunar and Sadwa (Uttar Pradesh) with 5.2 MnTPA cement 
capacity and 3.3 MnTPA clinker capacity at an Enterprise Value of Rs 2,850  Cr. The asset also entails 99 
MW of thermal power capacity and railway siding at  Rewa and Chunar , along with a common railway 
siding at Churk . 
With the consummation of the  transaction , Dalmia Bharat ’s cement capacity will increase  to 54 .7 
MnTPA . In addition to this, the ongoing expansion projects  at Belgaum, Pune and Kadapa will further 
augment the company’s cement capacity to 66.7 MnTPA by Q2~Q3 FY28 . The transaction is expected to 
be consummated within two weeks.  
 
DCBL had entered into framework agreement in December  2022 with JAL  for sale of business assets 
along with other relevant agreements in pursuant thereof including a business transfer agreement and 
cement sale purchase agreement . These agreements were entered into with a view to, inter alia , settle 
all disputes with JAL in cluding under the ‘Long -term clinker supply agreement’. However , while the 
consummation  of the same was pending, JAL was admitted to insolvency  and the sale could not be 
completed .  
Post approval of the resolution plan of Adani Group  under the IBC framewor k with respect to JAL,  DCBL 
requested  that the earlier agreement should be considered with a view to settle all pending disputes 
with JAL . Considering overall interest of all stakeholders  and to ensure that the Cement Undertakings 
are preserved and valuable economic activity can commence in the true spirit of resolution under the 
IBC, DCBL has execute d a fresh Business Transfer Agreement with JAL and Adani Infra (India) Ltd. for the 
Cement Unde rtaking, to settle and bring  quietus to all disputes and differences between 
them  concerning the  ongoing legal proceedings, the pending arbitral award and/or the Framework 
Agreement . 
This acquisition marks a significant milestone in advancing the Company’s vision of becoming a pan -
India player and represents a key step towards achieving its long -term capacity expansion targets. The 
asset provides faster access to Central markets compared to a greenfield project and further offers 
expansion opportun ity through debottlenecking as well as brownfield approach. Considering newer 
markets, relatively better prices and Dalmia’s proven cost leadership, these assets would augment 
EBITDA delivery and enhance overall returns for the company.   
 
  
Commenting on the acquisition, Mr. Puneet Dalmia, Managing Director & CEO – Dalmia Bharat Limited, 
said, “I am very excited about addition of these assets in our portfolio. This serves as a great strategic fit 
for Dalmia. It helps us move forward in our jo urney to be a pan India player and provide a strong head 
start to serve the high potential markets in Central region. I am optimistic that the expansion potential 
of these assets along with close proximity with Dalmia’s captive mines will help us create a capacity hub 
for the future”. He further added,  “Our familiarity with these assets under the earlier tolling 
arrangement gives us a deep understanding of the facilities and helps us establish strong connect with 
channel partners and vendors. We believe tha t this will help us in faster ramp up of capacities and 
quicker inroads in to the  market. As we look forward, I am very confident that we will be able to leverage 
the strengths of Dalmia to operate these assets in a manner where we can maximize value creati on for 
all our stakeholders .” 
 
About Dalmia Bharat:  
Founded in 1939, Dalmia Bharat Limited (BSE/NSE Symbol: DALBHARAT) is one of India’s pioneering cement 
companies headquartered in New Delhi. With a growing capacity, currently pegged at 49.5  MnT, Dalmia Bharat 
Limited (including its subsidiaries) is the fo urth -largest cement manufacturing company in India by installed 
capacity. Spread across 1 0 states and 15 manufacturing units, Dalmia Bharat Limited  prides itself at having one of 
the lowest carbon footprints in the cement industry globally. It is the first  cement company to commit to RE100, 
EP100 & EV100 (first triple joiner) – showing real business leadership in the clean energy transition by taking a 
joined -up approach. Visit us at https://www.dalmiacement.com /  
 
Media Contact:  
Email: corpcomm@dalmiabharat.com  