 
 
 
June  15, 2026  
 
To, 
 
Sub : Intimation regarding receipt of Observation Letters  from  the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE  Limited (“BSE”) in relation to the  
proposed Scheme of Arrangement amongst Devyani International Limited 
(“Company”/ “Transferee Company”) and Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(“Transferor Company”), and their respective  shareholders, under Sections 
230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Scheme”)  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations")  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is in furtherance to our earlier intimation dated January 1 , 202 6, wherein it was 
informed that  the Board of Directors of the Company  had approved the Scheme, subject to 
receipt of necessary  statutory  and regulatory approvals, as may be required.  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform that the Company  has received Observation Letter 
with ‘no objection’ from NSE  and O bservation Letter with ‘no adverse observations’ from BSE 
as required under Regulation 37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations . The Scheme remains subject 
to necessary  statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective shareholders/  
creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, as may be required . 
 
The copies of said letters are enclosed herewith and  are also available on the website of the 
Company at https://dil -rjcorp.com/scheme -of-arrangement -2026/ . 
 
You are requested to take the above on record.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Devyani International Limited  
  
 
 
Pankaj Virmani  
Chief Sustainability Officer & Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in  
Symbol: DEVYANI  BSE Limited  
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers ,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com   
Security Code: 543330  

 
 
 Non -Confidential   
Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 53151/ 53153                                   June 12, 2026 
 The Company Secretary       The Company Secretary  
Sapphire Foods India Limited     Devyani International Limited  
                                 Dear Sir  /Madam , 
 Sub: Observation Letter  for draft Scheme of Arrangement between Sapphire Foods India 
Limited (“Sapphire/ Transferor Company”) and Devyani International Limited (“Devyani / Transferee Company”) and their respective shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions the Companies Act, 2013 read with applicable rules made thereunder.  
 We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Sapphire Foods India Limited & Devyani International Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/ LIST /53151/53153 dated April  21, 2026, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
and Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  
SEBI vide its letter dated June 12, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement :  
 
I. The Companies  shall ensure  that t he proposed composite Scheme of Arrangement shall be in 
compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
II. The Companies  shall ensure that the Sapphire Foods India Limited (Sapphire) and Devyani 
International Limited (Devyani) discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against Sapphire and Devyani, their promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and 
shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme.  
III. The Companies to ensure that the captioned Scheme of Arrangement is made expressly subject to receipt of approval from the Competition Commission of India (CCI), as applicable; and that the company shall not file the Scheme before the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) unless and until the requisite approval from CCI is obtained.  
IV. The Companies  shall ensure that additional Information, if any , submitted by the Companies 
after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the website(s) of the listed companies and the stock exchanges.  
      
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Jun 12, 2026 17:25:25 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53151/53153                                         June  12, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential   
V. The Companies  shall ensure that t he entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make 
any changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock 
Exchange(s), except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/tribunal.  
 
VI. The Companies shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.  
VII. The Companies  shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period 
more than 6 months old.  
VIII. The Companies  shall ensure  that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of 
the "Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
IX. The Companies  shall ensure that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicants 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
X. The Companies shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT.  
 
XI. The Companies shall ensure to prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while s eeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 
2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter:  
 
a) A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement.  
b) The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme.  
 
c) A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or change in rights.  
d) A cost -benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the 
scheme,  
 
e) The latest financials of Sapphir e and Devyani, not older than 6 months from the date 
of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies' website and also disclosed 
in the explanatory statement.  
f) Promoter -wise as well as aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group 
in Sapphire and Devyani, before and after giving effect to the scheme, along with the corresponding impact on public shareholding. Such shareholding pattern shall be 
disclosed under the two scenarios:  
 
 
 
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Jun 12, 2026 17:25:25 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53151/53153                                         June  12, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential   
 (1) after considering the SFIL Secondary Sale; and (2) without considering the SFIL Secondary Sale  
 
g) Details of the Registered Valuers issuing Valuation Reports and the Merchant Bankers issuing Fairness opinions, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the Shard Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key assu mptions.  
 
h) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of Sapphire and Devyani for last 3 financial years.  
 
i) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of Sapphire and Devyani as on the date of 
Shareholders' meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred 
between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
j) The value of Assets and liabilities of Sapphire being transferred to Devyani and post -
scheme balance sheet of Devyani.  
 
k) Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMP s, and the possible 
impact of the same on Devyani . 
 
l) Disclose details of SFIL Secondary Sale i .e. Sal e of up to 5,94,55,837 Equity Shares 
of the Sapphire representing up to 18.5% of the share capital of the Sapphire as of December 31, 2025, by Sapphire Foods Mauritius Limited to Arctic International Limited.  
 
m) Disclose details of Promoters and Promoter Group entities of Sapphire and Devyani intending to be reclassified in the Public Category in Devyani, and the reasons thereof.  
 
XII. Companies shall ensure to comply with all  the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder  draft .  
 
XIII. It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the companies before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the companies are not required to send notice for representation as mandated under  section 
230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments /observations /representations . 
 
XIV. The Companies  involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No- Objection letter of 
the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
    
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Jun 12, 2026 17:25:25 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53151/53153                                         June  12, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential   
XV. Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial  soundness of 
any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
 It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its comments/observations/representations  
 Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from  June 12, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
 Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Jun 12, 2026 17:25:25 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53151/53153                                         June  12, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential   
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,   
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues- main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Jun 12, 2026 17:25:25 IST
Location: NSE
BSE The Power of Vibrance 
DCS/AMAL/RD/R37/116/2026-27 June 12, 2026 
To, 
The Company Secretary, Company Secretary. 
Sapphire Foods India Limited Devyani International Limited 
SCO 328, Sector -9, Plot No. 18, Sector - 35, 
Panchkula, Haryana—-134 109. Gurugram, Haryana - 122 004. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Scheme of Arrangement by Sapphire Foods India Limited and Devyani International 
Limited 
We refer to your application for Scheme of Arrangement by Sapphire Foods India Limited 
(“Sapphire”/”Transferor Company”) and Devyani International Limited (“Devyani”/*Transferee 
Company”) and their respective shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR 
Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 
dated June 20, 2023. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated June 12, 2026, has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: - 
1. “The proposed composite Scheme of Arrangement shall be in compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.” 
2. “Sapphire Foods India Limited (Sapphire) and Devyani International Limited (Devyani) 
shall ensure that they disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, 
against Sapphire and Devyani, their promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and 
shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme.” 
3. “The entities are advised to ensure that the captioned Scheme of Arrangement is made 
expressly subject to receipt of approval from the Competition Commission of India 
(CCl), as applicable; and that the company shall not file the Scheme before the Hon'ble 
National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) unless and until the requisite approval from CCI 
is obtained.” 
4. “The entities shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the 
Companies after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of 
this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed companies and the stock 
exchanges.” 
Page10f4 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188
¥ 
BSE"™ The Power of Vibrance 
“The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft 
scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), 
except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal.” 
“The entities shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.” 
“The entities shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period 
more than 6 months old.” 
“The entities are advised that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms 
of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.” 
“The entities are advised that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the listed 
entities complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.” 
. “The entities are advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring 
the observations to the notice of NCLT.” 
. “The entities are advised to prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded 
by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act 2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed decision in the 
matter: 
a) Asimple explanation of the scheme of arrangement. 
b) The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme. 
c) A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any 
dilution or change in rights. 
d) A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of 
the scheme, 
e) The latestfinancials of Sapphire, and Devyani, not older than 6 months from the date 
of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies' website and also disclosed 
inthe explanatory statement. 
f) Promoter-wise as well as aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter 
group in Sapphire and Devyani, before and after giving effect to the scheme, along 
with the corresponding impact on public shareholding. Such shareholding pattern 
shall be disclosed under the two scenarios: (i) after considering the SFIL Secondary 
Sale; and (ii) without considering the SFIL Secondary Sale. 
g) Details of the Registered Valuers issuing Valuation Reports and the Merchant 
Bankers issuing Fairness opinions, along with a summary of the methods considered 
for arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio, 
h) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of Sapphire and Devyani for last 3 financial 
years. 
Page 2 0f4
BSE The Power of Vibrance 
i) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of Sapphire and Devyani as on the date of 
Shareholders' meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred 
between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
j) Thevalue of Assets and liabilities of Sapphire being transferred to Devyani and post- 
scheme balance sheet of Devyani. 
k) Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the 
possible impact of the same on Devyani. 
) Disclose details of SFIL Secondary Sale i.e. Sale of up to 5,94,55,837 Equity Shares 
of the Sapphire representing up to 18.5% of the share capital of the Sapphire as of 
December 31, 2025, by Sapphire Foods Mauritius Limited to Arctic International 
Limited. 
m) Disclose details of Promoters and Promoter Group entities of Sapphire and Devyani 
intending to be reclassified in the Public Category in Devyani; and the reasons 
thereof. 
12. “The entities are advised s to comply with the all applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder.” 
13. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after 
processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by 
SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for 
representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again 
for its comments / observations / representations.” 
14. “The listed entities involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection 
letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.” 
15. “Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or 
opinions expressed in the documents submitted.” 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited 
reference to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements 
within the provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with 
Hon’ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared 
or approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the document submitted. 
Page 3 of 4 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001, India. T: +9122 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLCIS5188
BSE The Power of Vibrance 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company 
to the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about 
unlisted company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the 
Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from 
the date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its ‘No adverse observation’ at any stage if the 
information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or 
for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with 
any other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), 
read with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 
(Company Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein 
pursuant to an Order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the 
proposed scheme of compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 
of the Companies Act 2013 as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange 
seeking representations or objections if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduceda i tem of 
serving such Notice along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through 
the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange’s representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through 
the Listing Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to 
circular dated February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
Yours faithfully, 
L 
Marian Dsouza Tahmayi Lele 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page4of4 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L§7120MH2005PLC155188