 
 
 
 
eClerx/SECD/SE/202 5/145 
 
December 6, 2025  
 
BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001   National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra - East,  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub:  Newspaper Advertisement pertaining to the Public Announcement of the Buy Back of fully  
paid up equity shares of eClerx Services Limited (the “Company”) through tender offer  
 
Scrip  Code:  BSE - 532927  
  NSE – ECLERX  
   
Please find enclosed the copy of “Pub lic Announcement” dated December 5, 2025  for the Buy Back of 
equity shares of the Company, which was published today i.e. December 6, 2025  in the following 
newspapers:  
 
1. Business Standard (English and Hindi) – All India edition  
2. Navshakti (Marathi) ‐ Mumbai edition  
 
The Public Announcement is also available on the website of the Company at www.eclerx.com .  
 
The certified true copy of special resolution passed through postal ballot on December 4, 2025 
approving the Buy Back is also enclosed along with this letter.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully  
For eClerx Services Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pratik Bhanushali  
VP-Legal & Company Secretary  
F8538  
 
Encl: A/a 
Corporate Office 
oCIOrlC SorviCO$ Limited 
◄• Floor. Express Towers, 
Naliman Point Mumbai -400 021 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax:+ 91 (022)0614 8655 
www.oClcrx.com eClerY 
Reglstemd Office 
&Clerx services Limited 
Sonawata BoildillQ, ,~ Floor. 29 Bank Street. Fort. 
Mumbai 4 400 023, Maharasht ra, India. 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax: •91 (022) 6614 8655 
E•mail 10; contact@eClerx .com I www.eCt,erx .com 
(CIN: L72200MH2000P LC125319] 
10 MUMBAI , sATURDAv . & DECEMBER 2ois Business Standard 
eClerx 
eClerx Services Limited 
CIN: L72200MH2000PLC125319 
Registered Office and Correspondence Address: Sonawala Building, 1" Floor, 29 Bank Street, Fort, Mumbai -400 023. Maharashtra. India 
Phone No.: •91 (22) 6614 8301. Fax No.: •91 (22) 6614 8655 
Email Id: investor@eclerx.com, Website: www.eclerx.com; Contact Person: Mr. Pratik Bhanushali. VP• Legal & Company Secretary 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE ATTENTION OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED FOR THE BUY BACK OF EQUITY SHARES THROUGH TENDER OFFER 
THIS PUBLIC ANNOUNC EMENT (THE "PUBLIC ANNOUNC EMENT") IS BEING 
MAOE PURSUAN T TO THE PROVISIONS OF REGULAT ION 7(1) OF THE SECURJTIES 
ANO EXCHANG E BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF SECURITIES) REGULATIONS, 
2018, AS AMENDED (THE "SEBI BUY BACK REGULATIONS") AND CONTAINS 
THE DISCLOSURES AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE II TO THE SEBI BUY BACK 
REGULATIONS READ WITH SCHEDULE I OF THE SEBI BUY BACK REGULATIONS. 
OFFER FOR BUY BACK OF NOT EXCEEDING 666,666 (SIX HUNDRED SIXTY SIX 
THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED SIXTY SIX) FULLY PAIO-UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE 
VALUE OF { 10/-(RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED 
("EQUITY SHARES" OR "SHARES" ), AT A BUY BACK PRICE OF { 4,500/-(RUPEES 
FOUR THOUSA ND FJVE HUNDRED ONLY) PER EQUfTY SHARE PAYABLE IN CASH 
FORAN AMOUNT NOT EXCEEDING t 3,000 MILLIONS (RUPEES THREE THOUSAND 
MILLIONS ONLY), EXCLUDING ANY EXPENSES INCURRED OR TO BE INCURRED 
FOR THE BUY BACK, WHICH REPRESENTS 21.08% ANO 13.80% OF THE 
AGGREGATE OF COMPANY 'S FULLY PAID-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL ANO FREE 
RESERVE.$ AS PER THE LATEST AUDITED STANDALONE ANO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS ON MARCH 31, 2025 RESPECT IVELY, THROUGH THE 
TENDER OFFER ROUTE PROCESS USING THE STOCK EXCHANG E MECHANISM, 
ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS FROM ALL THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE 
RECORD DATE ("BUY BACK" OR "BUY BACK OFFER") . 
Certain figures contained In this Public Announcemen t, Including Rnanclal 
information, have been subjeet to roundlng..off adjustments. All decimals have been 
rounded off to two decimal points. 
1. Details of the Buy Bac-k Offer and Buy Back Price 
1. t. The Board of Directors (("Board"), Ylhich term shall be deemed to include any 
committee of the Board and/or officials, which the Soard may oonstitute /authorise 
to exercise its powers (the .. Buy Back Committee")] of eClerx Services Limited 
rc-ompany~), at its meeting held on October 24. 2025 ("Board Meeting") has, in 
accordance with Article 61 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the 
p<oviSiOOs of Sections 68. 69. 70. 110, 179 and au other applieabl& provisions of the 
Companies Act. 2013. as arnend&d {"Act'') read with th& Companies (Share Capital 
and Oebenture:s) RuSes. 2014. the Compant&s (Manag,emen1 Md Administration} 
Ru1es. 2014. the Companies (Meetings of Soard Md Its Powers) Rutes. 2014. to 
the extent applicable and olhet relevant Rules made tne<eundet. eaefl as 3mended 
from time to lime and the pf'OVislons of lfle Secu.titles and E)Change Soard of 
India (Buy·Sa<:k of Securities) Regt.Alations. 2018, as amended ("SEBI Buy Back 
Re-gulatlon$'"). 1he Securities and Exchange Borud of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015. as amended, ("SEBI LisUng 
Regulation.s"} and svbject to apptovals of statutory, regvlatory or governmental 
authorities , institutions or bodies as may be required under applicable laW$, 
approved the proposal to Buy Back of not exceeding 666,666 {Six Hundred Sixty Six 
Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Six) fufly paid up equity Shares having a face value of t 10/-(Rupees Ten only) each {"Equity Shares"). representing 1.40% of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company, 
as on March 31. 2025. at a buy back price of l 4.500/-(Rupees Four Thousand Five 
Hu.ndr&d only} per fully paid-up Equity Shar• payabJe in cash eBuy Back Price") for 
an amount not exe&eding Rs. 3,000 Millions (Rupoos Three: ThOusand Millions Of'lly). 
excluding any expecns&s: lncuff&d or 10 b& lr'lCuffed for th& Buy Sa<:k viz. brokerage 
costs. fees. tumove< charges. taxes sueh as sec:urities transaction tax and goods and 
services tax: (lf any). tax on distributed Income oo Buy Back. stamp duty. advisors 
fees, fl'fln-9 fees, 1)4.Jbflc antl0Uncemen1 expenses. p<lnti:ng and dispatch eJlpenses, 
if any, and ~her inciden1aJ and te&8t&d expenses and charges etc. ('Transaction 
Costs"} (soch amount hereinafter refened 10 as the "Buy Back Size"), representing 
21.08% and 13.80% of the aggrega1e of the total paid-op equity share capital and 
free reserves of lhe Company ba$ed on latest avdi1ed $landalone and consolidated 
audited financial statements of the Company, respectively 8$ on March 3·1. 2025, 
from the shareholdersJbeneficia f owners of the Equity Shares of the Company as 
on a record date 10 be subsequently decided by the Board/Buy Back Committee 
("Eligible Shareholders~). through tender offer roule. oo a proportionate basis as 
prescribed under the SEBI Buy Back Regulalions. 
1.2. The Company sought approval of its shareholde,s for the Buy Back. by a special 
r&SOlution through postal ballot. TM shatehOkl&rs approv&d lh& proposal of Buy 
Back of Equity Shares and tl\EI resulls of th& postal baOOf wate announc&d on Friday. 
Oe<embor 5. 2025. 
1.3. The Suy Back Is further subfcd to app<ovals . permissions aod sanctfollS as may 
be necessaty . and subject to such conditions and modifications. if any from lime 
to time from s1atut0<y, regulatory or governmental auth0<lt!es as may be required 
under a.pplicable laws, including bu! not limited to Securities and Exchange Boatd 
of India {"SEBI"), the SSE Limited ("SSE") and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited ("NSEn) on which the Equity Shares of the Company are listed (BSE and 
NSE togethe< are refe«ed as 'St0<:k Exchanges"). 
1.4. The Buy Back wiR be undert8ken on a proportionate ba$is from the Eligible 
Shareholders as on the Record Date prowled that 15% {fifteen percent) of the 
number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back or number of Equity Shares 
entitled as per the sharehold ing of smaD shareholders a:s defined in the SEBI Buy 
Back Regulations ('"Small Shareholders") as on the Record Date. whicheve r is 
higher. shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders . 
1.5. TM Buy Back Siz& is 21.08% and 13.80% of th& totat paid-up Equity Shate capital 
and rre& f8$$tveS of the Company based Of'I the 1ates1 slandalon& and consolida!&d 
audited flnaocial statemen ts of the Con\pany ,espediv& ly as at Marcil 31. 2025 
(being the date of the la1cst avaUabk: audited standalone and oonsoUdalcd folanclal 
st-atements of the Company ). 
1,6. The Equity Shares of the Company are c:u«ently Usted on the St~ Exchanges. 
1,7. The Buy B&ek shaU be undertaken on a proportionate basis from the Ellglb1e 
Sharehoklers th.rough the Tender Offer process prescribed under the SEBI Suy 
Back Regulations. Additiona Uy. the Suy Back. shall be implemented by the Company 
using the "Mechanism for acquisition of shares through slot!< exchange " as specified 
by SEBI vide circular bearing nvmber CIR/CFD/POLICYCE LL/t/2015 dated April 
13, 2015 read with circular bearing number CFO/OCR2 /CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
Deoember 9, 2016, SEBI/HOICFDJOCRI II/CIR/P/202 1/6·15 dated August 13, 2021 
and SEBIIHO/CFOJPoD-2/ P/CIR/2023135 daled March 08, 2023, including any 
amendmen ts thereof {''SEBI Circulars"). In this regard. the Company ha:s requested 
BSE to provide the separate aoquisition window to facilitate placing oi seU orders by 
th& Efigi:ble Shar&hOlders who wish to tander Equity Shares in th8 Buy Book. for 
th& purposes of thEI Buy Back. BSE is appointed a:S the d&signated stock &xd'lange 
("'Designated Stock Exch.ango"). 0008 the Buy Back iS OOOClud&d. all Equity 
Shares pu.tchasod by tho Company In the Buy Back wrll be c.xllnguished u, torms of 
the SEBI Buy Baek Regulations. 
1,8. In terms of the SEBI Buy Sock. Regulotlons, onder tende< offet route. the Promoter 
and Promoter Group have an option to participate In the Buy Back. The details of 
Promoter and Promoter Group participation in the Buy Sack has been detaited in 
paragraph 8 of this Public Announcement 
1,9. Further, under the Act, 1he numbe, of Equity Shares that can be bovghl ba,ck dvring 
the financial year shall not exceed 25% of the total number of Equi1y Shares in the 
paid up Equity Shares of the Company. Accordingly , the number of Equity Shares 
that can be bought back during the financial year cannot exceed 11,912,589 {Eleven 
Minion Nfne Hundred Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Eighty Nine) Equity Shares 
being 25% of 47,650,359 (Forty Seven Millions Six Hundred Fifty Thousand Three 
Hundred Fifty Nill8) Equity Shares of face value oft 101· {Rupees Ten Only) each, 
being the outstanding number of fully paid up Equity Shares of the Company as 
on Match 31. 2025. Since the Company ptopows to Buy Baek up to 666.666 (Six 
Hufldr8d Sixly Six Thousand Six Hundted Sixly~Six) Equity Shares, thEI same 
Is within the aforesaid limit. Furth&r. proposed Buy Back of Eciulty Shar&s: of upto 
666.666 {Six Hundted Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Six) represents 1.40 % 
of the total number of Eciulty Shares In the total prud up Equity Share capital of the 
Company as on the date of Public Annooooement . 
1.10.Pursuant to the proposed Buy Sa.ck and depending on the response to the Suy 
Back. the vol.iog rights of the Promoters in the Company may increase or de<:tease 
fron, their existing 1-hare-hold ing in the total equity capital and voting rights of the 
Company. The Promoters of the Company a.re alreOOy in control over the Company 
and therefore such further increa$e or deo-ease in voting rights of the Promoters will 
not result in ,:iny change in control over the Company. 
1.11 Participation in the Buy Back by Eligible ShatehoJders will trigger tax on the 
oonsideration received on Buy Baek by them. Finance (No.2) Act. 2024 has made 
amendmen ts in relation to buy~back of shares w.e.r. October 1, 2024, shifting the 
tax liability in the hands of the sharuhokle,s {whether resident or non-<eskle nl) and 
th& Company is oot required to pay tax on ll\EI distribut&d incom&. The sum paid by 
a dome:Stie company for putchase of ils own shares shall bEI tr&at8d as dividend 
In the hMds of sharehold&ts. No deduction i:s. allowed against such divklend whtJe 
computing the Income frOO'I other sources. The oost of acquisition of tile shates 
which h3s been bought back by lhe Compo.ny shalt be treated as capital 10$$ In the 
hands of the shareholde< and allowed to be carry forward and set off against capital 
gains as per the provisions of the tnoome Tax Aa. 1961. The Company is required 
to deduct tax at source as per the provisioos of the lnoome TaxAc1. 1961 in respect 
of the coosideralion payable to shareholders (whether resident or non-reside nt) on 
Buy Back of the shares. Since the Buy Back of shares shalt lake place through 
the settlement medlanism of the stOQ( Excha.nge. securities transaction t3x win be 
applicable. Jn due course, Bigible Shruehoklers will receive a letter of offer, which 
will cootafn a more detailed note on taxation. However, in view of the particularized 
nature of lax oonsequences, the Eligible Sharehoklers are acMsed to oonsult their 
own legal. fi:nancial and tax advisors prior to participating in the Buy Back. 
1.12. The Buy Back from Eligible Shareholders who are persons residenl ootside India. 
iociuding thEI f0<8igo portfoliO invMtors. &tstwhil& ov&rseas corporate bOdi&sar'ld noo-rcsldMt hldlans. moo,bcrs of foretgn naUonaJtty. etc. if any . shall be subfcct to suet. 
apptovaJs If. and to the extent necessary °' required from the concemed authorities 
incloding awrovals from the RBI uncrer the Foreign Exehange Manogemoot AQ., 
1999, as amended and the rules, regulations framed theteunder and Income TaxAci. 
1961 including rules and notifications issued thereunder , as applicable . rf any and 
svch approvals shall be required to be raken by such non-resident shareholders , 
1.13 A copy of this Pvbtic Annovncemen1 i$ available on the website of the Company at 
wwwecierx.oom and expected to be available on the SEBI website www.sebi.gov.in 
and on the website of the Stock Exchanges al www.nseind ia.oom aod www.bseindia mm during the period of the Buy Back. 
2. Necessity of the Buy Back 
The Buy Back is being proposed by the Company to return surplus funds lo the 
Eligible Sha,ehokfers . which are over and above its ordinary capital requirements 
and in excess of any <:urrant invastment plans. in an ex,padient. efficient and oost 
effe:cliv& manoof. The Buy Baek would iocr&ase: th& sharehOld&r's valu& and would 
also help the con,pany itl folflrnng th& following objectives: 
2.1. Th& Suy Sack wlll hotp the Company to r&tum surplus <:ash to its shareholdQ./S 
hOklfng Equity Shares broadly In proportion to U\elr sharellOldrng. thereby. enhancing 
1he overall re1um to 1he shareholde<s : 
2..2. The Bvy Back, whictl Is being implemen ted tnrough lhe 'Tender Offe<' as prescribed 
under the SESI Buy Sack Regulations, would invotve alklcation of 15% of number 
of Equity Shares Which the Company proposes to Buy Back °' number of Equi1y 
Shares entitled as per the shareholding of Small Shareholders , whichever is higher, 
to Sman Shareholder$. The Company believes that this reserva1ion of 15% for Small 
Shareholders would benefit a large nvmber of public shareholders , who would get 
classified as ~small Shareholder" ; 
2.3. The Buy Baek may hefp in improving retum on equity due to reduction in the equity 
base. thereby leading to long term increase in shareholder's value; 
2.4. The Buy Back will help in achieving an optimal capital structure. 
The Buy Back gives an option to the shareholdars holding Equity Shares of the 
Company. to eithet (i) chOose to partieipate and get cash in lieu ol Equity SllarM to 
M a<::eGpl&d undtlr th& Buy Back Offer°' (ii) chOO:$$ to 001 patlicipate a.nd &njoy a 
,esultant increase in their percentage sh-ar&holdlng . pos-t the Buy Back Offer. Without 
addltlonal Investment. 
3. Maximum amount required for Buy Back, Its percentage of the total paid up 
Equity Share capital and fret reserves and the source of funds from which Buy 
B3ck would be financed 
3.1, The maximum amount required under the Buy Back will be not ex<:eeding '{ 3,000 
Millions (Rupees Three Thousand Millions only) excluding transaction CO$lS inou«ed 
or to be incutred for the Buy Back, being 21.08% and 13.80''/o of the aggregate of the 
total pak:1-...p Equtty Share capita) and Free Reseives of the Company based on the 
latest Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements of the Company 
respeciive ly as at March 31, 2025 {being the date of the latest available Audited 
Standalone and Consolida ted Financial Statements of the Company). 
3.2. The Buy Sack wouSd be made out of free reserves of the Company. The Company 
sheJI transfer from its free ,eserves or securities premium account and/Of such 
sou,ces as may bEI ~rmitted by law a sum eciual to ll\EI nominal value of 0)8 E(lt.Aity 
Shares bOugtil back through IM Buy Baek to the Capital Red&mptiOn R8SEll'V$ 
Account and th& details of such tra,,sf&t shall be di&cl0:$$d ii~ Its t.ubS8quent audited 
balance sheet. Tho payments shall be made out of the Company 's current surplus 
andtot cash balaooes and/or current investments andfor cash available from Internal 
,esoufces of the Company and (Md oot from aoy b0<rowed fU!ldS) and on such terms 
and conditions as the Board may decide from time to lime at Its absolote discretion. 
The Company confinns that as required under Section 68(2){d) of the Act. the ra1io 
of the aggrega1e of SeQ.lred and unsecured debts owed by the Company . if any. shall 
be not m0<e lhan twice the paid-up Equity Share capital aind Free Reserves after the 
Buy Back and that ii has got sufficient source to pay-off the consideration towards the 
Buy Back and would not borrow funds for the said purpose. 
4. Buy Back Price at which shares are proposed to be bought bac-k and basis of 
determining the Buy Back Price 
4.1. The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought badt at a buy back 
price oft 4.5001-(Rupees Four Thousand Five Hundred only) per Equity Share. The 
Buy Back Prioe has boon arrived at att8' oon-sidering various faetors inc:ludi"Q but 
oot litnit8d 10 th& volume weighted av&rag& prioes of the Equity Shares traded oo 
!he BSE and NSE where the E(lulty Shat as ata listoo. the oot worth of tho Company . 
price eamlngs raltO. lmpaci Oil ~her financial parameters and the rx,ssiblc impact of 
Buy Sack on the earnings pef shrue. 
4.2. Ttle Buy Back Price rel)(esen1s premium of I) 7.71% and 7.70% ove< the votvme 
weighted avefage martc.et prioe of the Equity Shares on BSE and on NSE. respectively . 
during the one month preceding October 17, 2025 (the date of intimation to the 
Stodt Exchanges for the Board Meeting to oonsider the p<oposel of the Buy Back}. 
ii} 11.28% rwer the volume weighted avelll!}e mart(et price of !he Equity Shares on 
eactl of the Stock Exchanges, for two we~ preceding October 17, 2025 (the date 
of intimation to the Stock Exctia.nges for the Board Meeting 10 consider the proposal 
of the Buy Sack) and iii) 1.2411/11 and 1.20% ova the dosing prices on BSE and 
NSE respedively as on October 24, 2025 (the date of Board meeting approving 
!he Buy Back) and iv) 1.456.49% and 815.62% lo lhe Company's book yalue per 
Equity Shares oft 289.11/-and 't 491.471-respective ly, pre buy back, based oo the 
&atost standalone: and 001\SOlidated audited financial statemen t of the company as at 
March 31, 2025. 
4.3. Th& Board/Buy Baek Committee may, 1 (oo&) \,•orklog day prior to U\EI R000td Date. 
increase the Buy Back Prioo aoo decrease the numbcf of Equity Shares proposed 
to t>e bought t>aek under the Buy Back. such that there Is no d\Mge In O~ Buy Back 
Slz.e, in tefms of Regul0,tlon 5(\/io} of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations . 
5. Maximum number of shares that the Company proposes to Buy Back 
S.1, The Company proposes 10 B<Jy Bacl< 666,666 (Six Hundred Sixty·Stl< Thou .. n<l Six 
Hundred Sixty·Six) fully paid·op Equity Shares of face value of Rs, 10/· (Rupees 
Ten only) eaich of the Company or l~r. depending upon the final buy back price 
determined by the Board/Buy Back Committee in terms of Regulation S(via) of the 
SEBI Buy Back Regulations. Further, proposed Buy Back of Equity Share~ of opto 
666,666 (Six Hundred Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sooy Six) rep,.,sents 1.40% 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid up Equity Share capital of the 
Company as on the date of Public Announoemenl and 1.40% of the total number of 
Equity Shares in the total paid op Equity Share capital of !he Company as on March 
31. 2025. whk:h is within 25% of total number of outstanding Equity Shares of the 
Cof'l'4')any . Th& Buy Baek is preg:,owd to b& eotnpleted 'fflthin 12 (twelve} monthS of 
thEI elate of special ,asoluliOn approving the p<op0:$$d Buy Back. 
6. Method to be adoplod for tho Buy Sac:k 
6.1. The methOd to be adopted for the purpose of Buy Back shall be mrough the Tender 
Offer ,ovte through Stock Exehange mech3nlsm as prescribed under ttle SEBI Buy 
S&ek Regulation s and cfitcutars Issued thereunder, loclvdrng the 't.techanism for 
acciuisition of shares through Stock Exchange " notified by SESt Circulars Of such 
other mechanism. for «he Buy Back 1hrov9h Tender Offer route. as may be applies~. 
7. Oetall.s of shareholding of Pfomoter and Pfomoter Group, Olrec:tor.s , Key 
Manageri al Per.sonne l and Person In Control of the Company and detalfs of 
transactions in the Equity Shares 
7.1. The aggregate sl\.l:lrehold ing. of the Promoter and Promoter Group, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and Person in Control of the Company in the Company as on 
the dale of the Postal Ballot Notice, being October 24, 2025. is as follows: 
~bi1DibRl~iD9 gf eCRmRSI[ DD~ eCRmRhl[ S.tRl.!R CiDliilRDi ilD~ ei!IJ:QD iD 
,2ntf:QI gf lhi ,2mggnx : 
Sr. Name Category No. of Equity % 
No SharH htld Shartholdlng 
1. Priyadatshan Promoter and 12,794,858 26-85 
Mundllra Executive Olredot 
2. Anjan Malik Pr~erand 
Noil~Executiv• Director 12.789,553 26.84 
3. Vijay Kumar Promoter Group 31,239 0.o7 
Muncmra 
4, Sup<lya Modi Promoter Group 24,262 0.05 
5. Shweta Mundhra Promoter Grou-p 438 0.00 
6. Pawan Malik Promoter Group Nil Nil 
7. KapilJain Managing Director & NII NII 
Group CEO 
8. Shailesh K&kre: Non-Exocutlve: NII NII 
lndepeode nl Director 
9. Srinjay Sengupta Non-Ex&<::utiv& Nil Nil 
Independent Director 
10. Naresh Chand Non-Ex&<::utiv& Nil Nil 
Gupta Independe nt Director 
11. Navalbir Kumar Noo-Exooulive Nil Nil 
Independe nt Director 
12. BalaC Non-Executive Nil Nil 
Deshpande Independe nt Director 
13. Amit Majmudar Non~Executive Nil Nil 
lndependen1 Oireetor ~bamb2ldlag 2f ggx Manaswdal fai:120011; 
Sr. Name Category No. of Equity % 
No. SharH held Shareholding 
1. Srinivasan Cltief Financiail Officer 19,000 0.04 
Nadadnu, 
2. Pratik Bhanushal i VP-Legal & Company 295 0.00 
Se,cretary 
Except as staled above. none of lhe Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of Iha 
Company holds any Equity Shares in the Compa.ny. Further, none of the member of 
Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company are oorp0<ate bodies/compa nies. 
7.2. Except as provided below. no Equity Sha1es of the Comp.any have been purchased/ 
sokl by Promoters and Promoter Group. Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and of 
persons who are~ oonttol of the Company during the period of six months preceding 
the date of the Board Meeting al which lhe Buy Back was approved and the date of 
the Postal Ballot Notice. being October 24, 2025: 
Sr. 
No. 
2 
3 Name 
Supriya 
Modi 
(Prom:iter 
Grouol 
\!Joy 
l<llm1< 
Mundhni 
(Pro:ooter 
Gro,~, 
Pratik 
Bhanushati 
\'IP­
Legal& 
COOll)any 
Secr&liwvl Aw"9'1• Nature of 
No-. or transaction 
Equity 
Shares 
purchased 
or sold 
3 Sale 
71 Bur 
45 Maximum Date of 
Price per Ma:xk'num 
Equity Prlc♦ 
Share(() 
3.847.60 Ju~30. 
2025 
3,605.81 J111012. 
2025 
4,255.00 September 
08.2025 Minimum Date of 
Price per Minimwn 
Equity Prlct 
Share(~ 
l,847.60 July 30. 
21125 
l,480.67 June 02, 
2025 
4.249.00 September 
06. 2025 
8. Intention of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company to tender Equity 
Share., for Buy Back 
8.1. In 1erms of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations , under the Tender Offer route, the 
Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company have an option to participate in the 
Buy B~ck, In this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company have 
e,cpressed their intention of not participating in the Buy Baek vide their letters dated 
October 21, 2025 and October 23, 2025. Aooordingty, lhe disclosures as required 
as per paragraphs {viii) lo the Schedule I of the SEBI Buy Baclt Regulations are not 
applicable. 
9. Confirmations from the Company a.s per the provisions of the SEBI Buy Back 
Regul:1tion.s and the Act 
The Company oonfifms that: 
9.1. All Equity Shares for Buy Sack are fully pakt,up: 
9.2. The Compony shall oot Issue any Equity sna,es or other securities from lhe date 
of the Soard Meeting incloding by way of bonus issue t!II the e.xp.ry of the Buy Sa<:k 
period i.e. elate on which the payment of consideration to shareholdefS who have 
aooepted the Buy Back is made in accordance with the At;1. and the SEBI Buy Saolc 
Regulations; 
9.3. The Company shaQ not raise fur1her capital for a period of one year from the expiry 
of ihe Buy Baok period i.e. the date on which the payment of oonsideration 10 
shareholders who have aooepted the Buy ~ck Offer is made except in discharge of 
subsisting obligations; 
9.4. The Company shall not Buy Back its Equity Shares or othet specified securities 
from any person through negotiated deat whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or 
through spot lransaciions or through any private arrangement in the implemeotation 
of the Buy Back: 
9.5. The Buy Back Size: I.$. t 3.000 Millions (Rupees Thr$& Thous.and MilliOtlS only) does 
not exoeed 25% of the aggregate paid.up Equity Sha,e capital and free res&l'V86 
(lncluchng securities l)(Cmium account) as per the latos.l avaltlbl~ Standalone and 
Consolldated Audited Financial Statements of tne Company as on Mardl 31. 2025: 
9,6. The maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be t>ovgtlt back under tne Buy 
Back will not exceed 25% of 1he total number of Equity Shares In the total paid-op 
Equity Shrue capital of the Company : 
9.7. There are no pending sc::heme, of amal9ama1ion or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to 1he Act {"Scheme") involving the Company , aind no public announcemen t 
of the Buy Back shall be made during pendency of any $UCh Scheme: 
9.8. The Company shall not make any further offer of Buy Sack within a period of one 
year reckoned from the expiry of the Buy Back period i.e. date on which the payment 
of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the Boy Back Offei is made; 
9.9. The Company shall no-t vllthdtaw the Buy Back Offe, after tne public ant1our'lCe menl 
of the Buy Back Off et ls made: 
9.10. The Company shatl comply with the statutory and regulatory timeflnes io respect of 
the Buy Sa<:k In such manner as p,esalbed under the Acl and/or the SESI Buy Sack 
Regulations and any otfler applicable laws; 
9. U. The Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks°' financial institutions 
for the purpose of Buy Back of its Equity Shares; 
9.12.. The Company is in compliance with the provisions of S~ions 92. 123, 127 and ·129 
of the Act; 
9.13. There are no defaults {either in the pasi ot subsisting) in the repayment of deposits, 
interest payment thereon. redemption of debentures or interest payment thereon or 
redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder , or 
repayment of any term loan.s Of interest payable thereon to any financial institution or 
banking oompany; 
9.14. The Company will not Buy Baek Equity Shares whiell al'EI locked-in or non. 
transfQ./at>I&. uiun tile: pendency of such IOd(.-in. or until the Equity Shates oocom& 
trMsfctable. as appllcablc . duri1lg tho period between tho date of opening and 
closlng of the Buy Back Offe<: 
9.15. The fallo of the agg,egate of secured and unsecu,ed debts owed by the Company , 
if any, after the Buy Sack. shall not be more tnan twice Its pa!d~up capital and free 
reserves.. based on the 1a1es1 available. Audited Standalone and Consolkfatec! 
Financials of the Company as on March 31, 2025, whichever sets out a lower 
amount: 
9.16, The Company shaft transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account 
and/or such $Ouroes as may be permifled by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buy Back to the capital redemption reserve 
eooount and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements; 
9.17. The sharnhokte rs resolution approving the Buy Back will be valid for a maximum 
periOd of ooo year from th8 date of passing !he shareholdem rMOlutiOf'I {ot 
suOh extended periOd as may bEI petmitled undet th& At:-1 ot tno SEBI Buy Sad<. 
R&gulatiOns}. Th8 exact time tabl& for tile: Buy Back shall b8 decided by 11'1& Buy Ba<:k 
Committee wf1hin tho abOYO tlr'l"IC Umits: 
9.18. The Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be oompufsorily extlngulshed 
and will no, be held for reissuaooe : 
9.19. The Company shall not directly °' indirectly purchase its own Eciolty Shares or other 
specified securities : 
a) throvgh any $Ubsidiary oompany induding its own subsidiary oompanies ; and 
b) through any investment oompany or group of investment oompanies; 
9.20. The Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and/or 
physically destroyed as may be applicable in the manoer prescribed under the SEBI 
Buy Back Regulations and the Act within 7 (Seven) WOfking days of the dale of 
payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders who have tendered the Equ.rty 
Shares under the Buy Back Offer; 
9.21.As per Regulation 24(i)(e} of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Promoter and 
memburs of Promoter Group. and/or their associates . shall not deal in the Equity 
Shams or Olh8' spooned securiti&s of the Company either th,ough th& StO<::k 
Exchanges or off-matket transacliOns (ioclvdil\g int&r--se transt8' of Equity Shares 
among tM Promoler and membefs ot PtOtnOC&f gtoup) fton, th& dale of the passing 
the special resotutlon ldl the date of dosing of the Suy Back Offet. oU\er Ulan 
participaUoo In the Buy &ck: 
9.22.. The statements oonl81ned tn all the relevant documents In relation to tne Buy Sack 
shall be true, material and factual and shall not oontain any misstatements or 
misleading information : 
9.23, The Company shall Buy Back the Equity Shares held in physical form from Eligible 
Shaireholders in terms of sea, circular no. SEBIIHOICFO/CMD1 /CIR/P/2020/144 
daled July 31. 2020: 
Confct. 
Business Standat'd MUMBAI , sAruRDAv, 6 DECEMBER 2025 
9.24. The Bvy Back. shall not resutt in ctelisting of the Equity Shares from the Stodc 
ExchMgeS ; 
9.25. The Buy Seek woold be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public 
shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SE81 Listing 
Re,gulatioM; 
9.26. The Company shall not Buy Back out of the proceeds of an earlier issue of the 
same kind of shares or same kind of other specified securities: 
9.27. As par Rogutalion S(l)(C) and Sct\ed'U1'8 l{xil) of the SEBI Buy Badl. Ra,gulatk:lr\S, it IS 
confirmed that there is no breach of any covenanls as per the lenders agreements 
on the loans taken and the oonsent of the leo<Sers in this regard has been obtained 
by the Company: 
9.28. The letter of offer with the tender fOJm shall be dispatched to Eligible Shareholders 
within 2 (two) worlcing days from the Rec0<<1 Oate. 
10. Confirmations from tho Bo.ard 
10.1. The Board of DirectOJs of the Company has confirmed that it has made a full 
enquiry into the affairs and prosp&Cts of the Compa,oy ancl afte1 takin,g into account 
tM finat1cial position of the Company and also conSklerlng all contiog8'nl liabiliti&S. 
the Board has formed the opinion: 
a} That immediately folklwing the date of the Board Meeting held on October 
24, 2025 a~roving the Buy Baek and the. date on whieh U\e msulls of tho 
Shareholders· resotution by way of postal ballot with regard to the Buy Badt: 
are dedared, there wl• be no groonds on which the Company can be found 
ul\ablo to pay itS deblS: 
b) That as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following 
the date of tne Board Meeting held on OctOber 24, 2025 approving Ule Buy 
Back and th8 date on wtlieh th8 re.su1!s o4 the Shareholdel'\S ' r&SOlutioo by way 
of postal ballot with re~rd to the Buy Back are declared, and having regard 
to Boan:J's intentions with respect to lhe managemen t of the Company's 
business during that ye.ar and to th8 amount and character of the financial 
resources which will, in the Board's view, be avail;,1ble to tne Comp;,iny that 
ye3r, tfle Company wilt be able to meet ilS habUities as and vltlen they faJI dve 
and will not be rMdered insolvet1t within a p,eriOd of one year from th8 date of 
the Soard Meeting approving the Buy Back and the date on which the results 
of the snarehOlders ' resorutlon by way of postal bal)ol witn regard to the Buy 
Back are de>clar8d: 
c) In forming the opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the 
tlablhtles as If the Company is being. wound up unde! the provisions of 
tha Companies Act. 2013 and the lnsolven<..--y and Bankruptcy Code. 2016 
(inoluding prospective and contingen t liabilities). 
11. Report addresa ♦d to th♦ Board by the St3tuto,y Auditor:$ of the Company 
on Permissible Capital Payment and Opinion formed by Directors regarding 
Insolvency 
11.1. The text of the Repon dated October 24. 2025 ,eoelved from Price Wotemous e 
Chartered Aooounlants LLP, Statutory Auditors of the Company, addressed to the 
Boa rd is reproduced below: 
~ 
The Board of Directors 
Mis. eClerx S8fVices limited 
Sonawala Building, 1'1 Floor, 29 Bank Street. 
FOO, Mumbai- 400 023. Maha£ashtra, India 
Statutory Auditors• Report on Buy,Back of Equity Shares pursuant to 
the requlrornen t of Schedule I to Securities and Exchange Board ol India 
(Buy~Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 as amended (the "'Buy•Back 
Regulations'") and Section 68 of the Companies Act 2013 (the "Act'") 
1. This report Is issued i1l acCOfdance with our e1l9agement letter dated October 24. 
2025. 
2. We have been engaged by eClerx Service, Limited (the "Company") to perform a 
rcasoMblc assurance 01,gagcmcnt on dcto,minat'tOf, of tho amouJlt of pcrmissU:>10 
capital payment as delailed in the accompany ing Statement of Pennissib!e limit 
of Capital Payment ("Annexure r) in connection with the proposed buy-back (the 
·buy-back')by the Company of its equity shares in pu1suancc of Scctloos 68 and 70 
of the Act read with Rule 17 of Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014 {illCluding statutory modifications thereto or re-enaetments the,eof for the 
Um& being in force) and 1he regu1atloi,s as specified In th& Buy,bac:k Regulations· 
and on the opinions expressed by the Board of Oireciors of the Company, as 
required under the Buy•back RegvlattOns , The proposal for the bvy•back is subject 
10 the> a.pp.-ova1 of share,holde rs of the> company. We have, lnltlall$d th8 Anooxu.-e I 
for identification purposes only. 
Board of Directors Re,ponsibllfty 
3. The, Board of Oir&elOl'\S of th8 Company is rOOf)onslb le !or the following: 
i} The amount of capital payment for the buy-back is property determined within 
the permissible capital payment limits computed in accordance with the Mt 
and the Buy-back RegutatiOllS ; 
ii) It has made a fufl inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and 
has formed the opinion on a reasonable grounds that the Company, having 
rQgal'd to its state of affair'$. wm ,,01 be rende>r&d insolvent within a periOd of 
one year from the date of the Board Meeting approving the buy•back (the 
'Board Meeting") an<I 
iii) A OOd.al'atiOfl iS signoo by at least two Oir&c:lor'$ of tl\.8 Company that th8 
Board of Directors has made a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of 
the Company and has formed the opinioo on a reasooable grooncls thal the 
Company, havir'lQ regard to its st.ate or affairs, will not be r8'1der8d insolveot 
within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting and in forming 
the opinion, it has taken into aooount the liabilities as if the Company was 
being wound up under the provisions of the Act. 
iv) The Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the Company 
complies with the requfrements of the At;,. Md the Buy-back Re9UCa1lons . 
Auditor's Responsibility 
4. Pursuant to the requirement of the Buy-back Regulations , it is our responsib ility to 
Obtain reasonab4e assurance on the followlng "Reporting Criteria'": 
i. whether we have. inctuired into th& st.ate of affair'$ of th8 Company in. relation to 
its audited standalone ~nd consolida ted fiMncial s1atements for the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
ii. whether th& amoon.t ot capital paym8'nt fo, th8 buy-baek. as mentiOned iil'I the 
Statement, is within the ~rmissihle limi1 computed in accordance with the 
p<O\llsioos of Secilon 68 of the Act and Buy•baek Regulations based on audited 
standalone, and consolidat8d fin..aooial statemQnls for th& year eod-ed Mareh 31. 
2025; 
Iii. whether the Board of OlrectOt'S has formed the opinion, a.s specified in Clause 
(x) of Schadula I to tha Buy•back Regulations. on reasonable grounds that tha 
Com~ny, having regard to its stete of affairs, will noi be rendered insolvent 
,vlthin o perlOd of one year from d3te of the Boord Meeting held on Octobet 24, 
2025. 
5. A reasonable assurance engagemen t invotves perfOJming procedures to obtain 
sufficient app<oprlate IMdence on !he Reporting Criterio. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor's judgement. including the assessment of the risks associated 
with the Reporting Criteria. Within the scope of our work, we performed the following 
p<ocedures : 
i} Examined authorisation for buy-back in the Artides of Association of !he 
Company; 
Ii) Examined that the amount of capital payment ror lhe buy-back as detailed In 
Annexure I is within the permissible limit computed rn accordance with the 
provisions of Section 68 of the Act end Bvy·back Regulations; 
Ill) Exammed that the raUo -0f the debl owed by the C0tnpan.y. If any. Is not m°'e 
than twice the capital and free reserves after such buy-back; 
iv} Examined 1hat all the equity $hares for bvy·back are fully paid•up: 
v) hlqufted Into tl\e state of affairs -Of the Company In relatkln to its audited 
standalone financiaJ statements and consolidated financial statements as at 
and for 1he year ended Ma1ch 31, 2025; and examined bvdgel$ and protections 
p<epa,ed by the MMagemen t: 
vi} Obtained and examined the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors 
in which the p<oposed buy•back was app<oved and read that the Board of 
OlrectO(S has fOl'mcd the opinion as spcclflcd in clause (X.) of Schedule I of 
the Buy-back Regulations , on reasonable grounds that the Company having 
regard to its state of affairs will not be rendeted insolvent within a period of one 
year from date of the Board Meeting. 
vii) Traced the fair valuation of assets and liabilities from underlying books of 
ao:::ount audited by us for the year ended March 31. 2025. 
viii) Examiil&d Olr&ctors' d&ciatatlons for th8 pufpos& of buy-back Md solvency of 
the Company; and 
ix) Obtained appropriate representations from 1he Man&geme01 of the Company, 
6.. We co1ldud&d our e>xamlMtlon In aocordane& with the 'GuidMe& Note on Reports 
or Certificates for Special Purposes· (the ~Guidance Note~) issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (~ICAI"), The Guidance Note requ:ires that we oomply 
With th8 etnlcal re,qulre,me,us of the COd& of EthiCS iSSU$d by the !CAI. 
7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SOC) 1. Quality Control for Films that Perform Audits and Reviews 
of Histotical Fl1landa1 lnformatioil , and Other Assurance and Relate>d Sel'Vices 
Engagemen ts. 
8. The Audited Stanclalooe anct Consolidated Financial Statements feferred to in 
paragraph 5 (v} abOve>. have been audited by us on wt'lieh we issuoo an untnOdifiOO 
audil opinion vide our reports dated May 14, 2025. Our aud:rt of these financial 
statements was conclvcted in acco,dance with the Standards on Auditing specified 
under Sedion 143(10) or the Ad and oth&r applicable authoritative p<onoun.oemenlS 
issued by the !CAI. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements a,e free of 
material misstate.m8tlt. Our audits we.re. not planned and petfotm&d in connection 
with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest to third 
parties, Opinion 
9. As a result of our performance of the afotemenUon8d p<OOOdures. we, report that: 
i. We have inquired into the slate of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited sta.ndalone and consolida ted financial statements for year ended 
March 31, 2025; 
ii. The amount of capital payment fo, the boy•back, as mentioned in the Annexure 
I. is within the permissible limit oompvted in accordance with the provisions of 
S&CUon 68 of the Act and Buy•baek Regutat101ls based on audited standalone 
and consolidated finaooial statements for the year ended March 31. 2025, 
respectively; and 
iii. The. Board of Diroctors has formed the opi1llon. as specified In Ctauso (x) 
of Schedule I to the Buy-back Regulations, on reasonable grounds lhat the 
Colll4)any having regard to its state of affairs will not be rendered insolven1 
within a p,ertod of one year from date of th8 Board MMting hQld on October 24. 
2025. 
Restriction on Use 
10. Our obligations in r&s.-poc:t of this rePOtt are enlir&Jy separate, from. and our 
responsibility and liability is in no way changed by, any other role we may have o, 
may have had as auditor of the Company or otherwise. Nothing in this report. nor 
anything Sa.kl or done in the coul'Se of o, in conn&ieliOn with the> setvices that are lhe 
stJb;eci of this report, will extend any duty of care we have or may have had in our 
capacity as auditor of the Company ." 
11. This re.pott has been issued at the mquestol lhe Board of Oiractor'S o4 th& Company. 
to whom it is addressed, solety 
(I) for Inclusion in the explanatory statement to be annexed to !he postal baUot 
noli08 or the Company: 
(ii) for inclusion in the Letter of Offer and Public Announcement to be made to the 
sna,eho&de rs of the Company; and 
(iii) filing with (a) the MiniS-tty of Corporate Affairs on its de>SiQJlat8d website. the 
Securities and Exchange Board of lndi,a, the BSE Limited and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited: (b) the National Secunbes Depository Limited and 
Cenllal Depositocy Servic&s. (India) Limited for the purpos& of exlir,guishmMt 
of equity shares; (c) the Authorised Dealer Bank~ as authOJised by the Board 
of Olrectcws, for the purpose of capital payment; and;(d) few ptoviding to the 
manager 10 the buy.back appointM by th8 company. in connection with 
the proposed buy-back of the Company's equity shares to comply with the 
requiremeots of lhe Buy-back RegulatJollS , 
12. Our ,aport should not be used for any ollwr purposa. Prioa WaterhouSti Charternd 
Accountants UP does not accept or assume any liability or dV1y of care for any othe1 
purpose or to 3ny othet person. other thon the Comp;ioy , 
Price Waterhouse Chartered Aooountanls LLP 
Firm Regisltalion Number: 012754NIN 500016 
Neeraj Sharma 
Partner 
Membership Numbef: 108391 
UOIN: 25108391BMM JHK9712 
Place: Pune 
Date: October 24, 2025 
Statemen t of determination of the amount permissible capital payment for 
proposed buyback of equity shares In accordance with section 68 (2)(c) of the 
Act and the Rogulations baHd on tho audited &tandalone and con&olidatod 
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025 
(t in million) 
Particulars as on March 31, 2025 Amount Amount 
as per .sper 
sta.ndalon• consoll<tat•d 
financial financJal 
Stettments steitements 
Paid up eQully share copitol A 469.60 469.60 
Free rttserves u per Section 68 ol 
the Act 
Securities premium 8 NII NI 
Rotaiood earnings C 13,777.22 21.320.66 
less: Adjustments as per definition 
of free reserves as per section 2(43) 
of tile Act 
Unrealised I018ign exchange gain NU NU 
Change in <:8rrying amount of asset 
or a llablllty measured ar fair value 17.8$ 19.29 
Deferred tax on diffartJnc6 batv.'tlen NU 33.47 
estimated ga;n lo employees 
exercising of stock opUO/ls on 
D 17.88 52.76 
Totl:11 free reserves E= (B• 
C· D) 13,759.34 21,267.92 
TOlal pakl up capital and , ... F=(A•E) 14,228.94 21.737.52 
reserws 
Permissible capital paymen1 in 25% of F 3,557.23 5,434.38 
accordance with socuon 68(2)(b) 
of the Act (25% of the total paid• 
up EQvity Share capital and free 
r&Sel'V8S) 
Note. Maximum amount pe:Nnitted by the Board R&.s0lut1on dated OctOber 24. 2025 
approving buy back of equity shares of eClenc Services limited is~ 3,000 Millions. 
Signe-d for identification by 
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP 
ICAI Firm Rc9ls1r;1t1on Number: 012754NIN500016 
Unquote 
12.. Prior A,>prov;11s from Lendel'S For eClenc Services Limited 
Pratlk 8hanushall 
VP•Legal & Company 
Secretary 
12.-1. Th& Company has sar-.ctielned faciliti&S with len.dors. As per Regulation S(i)(c) and 
Schedule l(xii) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, ii is confirmed that there is no 
breach of any oovenants as per the lenders agreements/sa nction Jette<s on the 
klans sanctioned/ta ken and Ul& oonsent Of lhe le>ndets on the> Buy Baek has Men 
obtained by the Company. Further, the Company has obteined such approvals as 
may be reQulred from the lenders pursuant to lhe pro-visions of sud'l facltit!es. 
13. Record Date and Shareholder Entitlement 
13.1. As required under the SEBI Buy Back Reguleitions, the Company has fixed 
Wednesday. Oeoembe! 17, 2025 as the recotd cJDte (the "Record Date") for the 
purpose of determining the entitlement and the namas of the equity shareholders 
who are eligibJe to participate in the Bvy Baek. The Equity Shares proposed to be 
boogllt back by the Company shall be dlvkled Into two ca1egories viz. (a) resetVed 
category for Small Shwehokfe rs and (b) the general category for all shareholders 
other than Small Shareholders. 
13.2. As ,equired under the SE81 Buy 83:Ck Regulations. the dispatch of the letter of offer 
shall be through electronic mode in aooordance with the provisions of the Act within 
two (2) working days from the Record Cate. If the Company receives a fequest 
from any El;glble ShatehOkler to ,eceive a copy of the lette, of offer In pnyslcal 
form. the same shall be provided. 
13.3. As defined in the SEBI Buy Ba<::k Regulelions, a ~small Shareholder. is an Eligible 
Shareholde/ who holds Equity Shares having market value. on the basis of closing 
price of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, having the highesl trading 
volume in ,especl of such Equity Sha.,es 85 on Reoord Date, of not mo,e than ·l 
2.00.0001-(Rupees Two Lakhs only). 
13.4. In accordance with Regulation 6 ol lhe SEBI Buy Back Regulations, 15% of the 
number of Equily Shares which the Company proposes to Buy Back oe number of 
Equity Sna,es entitled as pet the shareholdJng of Small Sna,ehOklers. w1l1Chever Is 
higher shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders as part of this Buy Back. 
13.5. On the basis of the sharehotding on 1he Reoord Date, the Company wi11 detennine 
the cmltlc1ncllt of each sharcholde< . lndudlng Small Shatohoklcrs . to tender 
their Equity Shares in the Buy Baek. This entitlemen t for each shareholder will 
be cak::ulated based on the number of Equity Shares held by the respeaive 
shatehoklor Oil the Record Date a,\d the ratio of tho Buy Back app6cable in tho 
category to which such sharehokSer belongs. The final number of shares that the 
Company will purchase from each Eligible Shareholder will be based on the total 
number of Equity Shares tende,red. Accotdmgly . the Company may not purehase 
all of the Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder. 
13.6. A~er accepting the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of entitlement. the Equity 
Shares left to be bOughl back. If any. lrl one category shall ti,st be accepted. In 
proportion to the Equi1y Shares tendered over end above their entitlement in the 
Buy Back by shareholders in that. category. and the,rea~er from shareholders who 
have tender&d ovGr and above their e.1Uitle>m&1U In other cate,gory. 
13.7. In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, in order to 
ensure that the same Eligible Sha,ehotder with multiple demat accovnts/fofios cto 
not ,eooiv8 higher entitlement uOOe>r Small Shareh01d8' category, the EQuity SMre>s 
hekJ by such Eligible Shareholder with a common Permanent Aooount Number 
\PAN") shall be clubbed together for determining the category (Sman Shareholder 
or Gene.rat) Md enlilleme>n t under th& Buy Back. In case of joint sharehOlding. the> 
Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of PANs of the joint shareholders 
is ide01ical shall be clubbed together. In case of Eligible Sharehokfers holcfing 
Physieal Shares where se,quence of PAN is identical and vlti&re th8 PANS of all 
;oint shareholders are not available. the Registrar to the Buy Back will Check. the 
seQuence of the names of the joint shareholders and dub togethe, the Equity 11 
Shares held in such cases where the sequence of the PANs end the name of 
the joint shatehokle>rs are ieklntical. The SharQhold nlg of Institution.al inv&Stors like. 
mutual funds, insurance companies, foreign institutional investors/ foreign portfolio 
investors etc, with common PAN shail not be dubbed toge-lher f0t de1erminin9 
their entitla.men t and will be. conslde.t8d separatety. whete th8S8 Equity ShafM 
are held for different scheme!J sub•accounts and have different demet account 
nomendature based on information prepared by Registra, to the Buy Badt as per 
the shareholder mcotds mcetved from the> depositories. Further. the> EQulty Share,s 
held under the calegory of 'clearing members· or 'corporate body margin account' °' 'corporate body-broker' as pet the beneficial position data a.s on the Record 
Date with common PAN are not proposoo to be clubbed tog8'th81 fot de!ermining 
their entitlement and will be considered separalely, where these Equity Shrues are 
aS$Umed to be held on behalf of clients. 
13.8, The participation of the Eligible> Share.Jloldel'\S in the Buy Back is voEuntary. Eligible 
Shareholders may opt to participate, in part or in full, and receive cash in lieu of the 
Equity Shares accepted under the Buy Back. or they may opt not to participate and 
enjoy a result.ant inc:tease in their perce.ntage Sharehokliflg. aJte.r th& completion of 
the Buy Back. without any additional investmen t. Eligible Shareholders may tender 
a part of therf entitlement . Eligible Shareholders at,o have the option of tendering 
additional shares (over and above their enliUement} and partieipa1e in the. Shortfall 
created due to non-panici pation of some other Eligible Shareholders, if any. If the 
Buy Back entitlemen1 for any sharehotder is not a round number, then the fractional 
8fltit1em&1 lt Shall be ;gno,ed for computati on of entilloment to tendet EQuity Sharos 
in the Buy Back. 
13.9. The maximum tender under the Buy Back by any Eliglble Shareholder cannot 
exoe&d th8 number of l:quity Shares held by the Eligible> Sr.arehOklers as on 
the Record Date. In case the Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Sh;,tres through 
multiple demat accounts, the tender Equity Shares through tha1 dema1 account 
cannot excood th8 11umb8r of Equity Share>s h8kl in that respective demat account. 
13.10. The Equity Shares tendered as per the entitlement by the Eligible Shareholders 
as well as addltlonal Equity Shares tendered, If any. wlU be accepted a.s per the 
procedure laid down in the SE.Bl Buy Baek Regulations. Eligible Shareholders will 
receive <1 letter of offer along wilh f.l tender/offer form indicAtirlQ the entitlemen t 
of the eQuity shareholder fot participating In lhe Bvy Back. EUglble Shareholders 
whO haw r&gi:SteMCI their email kls vlitfl tM depositori&Slth8 company . shall b& 
dispatched the Letter of Offer through electronic means. If Eligible Shareholders 
wisn to obtain a physlcaJ copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a reQuest 
to the> company or R&gistrar at the addrMS or email id mentioned in thi:S Public 
Announcement 
13.11. Oetalted Instructions foe partklpatlOfl In the Buy Back (tender of Equity Sna,es In 
the Buy Back) as wall as the relevant scheduJa of activities will also be indudad in 
the Letter of Offer to be sent in due coorse to the Etigible Shareholders as on the 
Record Date. 
14. Process and Methodology for Buy Back 
14.1. The Buy Back is open to all Eligible Sh.areholders/benefic ial owners of the 
Company. holding Equ,ty 5n3J'es eithet in physical and/or demateri3llz.ed form as 
oo the Record Dale. Any person who does not hold equity shares of our Company 
on the Reoord Date will not be eligible to participale in the Buy Back and $hares 
tendered by such persoo(s) shall be rejected. 
14.2. The Buy Back shall be implemented using the ''Mechanism for acquisition of 
shares through Stock Exchange~ notified vide SEBI CirQ..Jlars and following the 
procedure prescribed In the Act Md Ule SE81 Buy Sack Regutatlons. and as may 
be determined by the Board (including the Buy Back Committee authorized to 
complete the formalities of the Buy Back) and on such terms and conditions as 
may be permitted by taw from time to time. 
14.3. For implementation of the Buy Back. the Company has appointed Emkay Global 
Flnanclal Services limited as the registered broker 10 the Company (the 
'"Company's Brokel"') to facilitate me process of tendeilng of Equity Shares 
through the stock exchange mechanism for the Buy Back and through whom the 
purehMes and sentements on account of the 8uy Back would be made by the 
Company . n,e contact details of the Company's Broker ilfe as follows: 
Emkay Global Financial Services limited 
The Ruby. -,.. Floor. $c,lapau Bapat Marg. 
Oadar (West). Mumbai-400 028. Maharash tra, India 
Tel: +91 2266121212 
Emall: C®Cx buyhadclloo mkaxOIOMI com 
Website: YfMY@mkBYQIObal com 
SEBI Registration No.: INZ000203933 
CIN: L67120MH 1995PLC084a99 
14.4. The Company has reQu8'st8d SSE. designat&d stock exchang& ("Oe&lgnated 
Stock Exchange/Stock Exchange ~) to provide the separate acquisition window 
("Acquisition Window} to fac::ilitate placing of sell orders by Eligible Shareholders 
who wish to tender EQulty Share,s In lhe Buy Back. The tJetails of the platfonn wlH 
be specified by the Desig:naled Stock Exehange from time to lime. The Company/ 
Registrar to the Buy Back shall provide the entfttement of Eligible SMreholder to 
lndiM Clearing Corporat101l Umltoo ("Clearing Corporation "). 
·14.5. In the event Seller Member(s) are not registered with the Designated Stodl. 
Exchange (i.e. BSE} or if the Eligible Shareholders 00 not have a.ny stock broker 
then that Ellglble SharehOlders can apptoach any stock brOk.er registered with lhe. 
BSE (vnth whOm they do no1 have an account) and can make a bid by using quick 
unique client code ('UCC") facility through that stock broker registered with the 
BSE .after submitting the detailS as may be required by the stock broker to be in 
compliance with the SEBI Buy Beck Regulations. In case Eligible Shareholders are 
not able to bid using UCC facility through any othet stock broker registered with 
the Designated StOdl. Exd'lange. then the Eligible Sharehold&rs may apl)C'ooch 
Company's Broker, to bid by using UCC facility after su:bmitting requisite documents 
as requited to complete the know your client (''KYC'") reQuirements . 
14.6. Al the. b8g:innir\g of the te>ndetiog p&riOd. th8 ordor fOt buying Equity Shares sh.all 
be pf.aced by the Company lhrough the Company's Broker. During the tendering 
period, the orde, for selllng the Equity Shares w!l1 be pl&Oed in the Acquisl1lon 
WindOw by Eligible Sharehokl&rs through their tesp8ciiv8 stoek btOkers ("Seller 
Member(s)" ) du1ing normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Seller 
Members can enter orders for Equity Snares held by Ellgible Shareholder s In 
dematetialis8d form and physicat form. In tM tendeting proc&.ss. the Company's 
Broker may atso process the orders received from the Eligible Shareholders after 
the Eftglble shareholder have completed their KYC requfrement as required by the 
Company's Broker. 
14.7. The reporting requirements for non•residenl shareholders under Reserve Bank 
of India. Foreign Exchange Managemenl Ad. 1999. as amended and any other 
rulos. regulations. guidalinos. for remi!lance, of fu1ldS. shall be made> by th& Eligible 
Shareholder and/or the Seller member 1hrou9h which the Eligible Shareholder 
J,4aces the blelS. 
14.8. Further. the Company will not accept shares tandered foc Buy Bad< which under 
restraint order of the court I any other competent au1hority for transfer I s81e and 
/ or the title In respect of w11ich ts 01herwise under drSpute or where loss of snare 
certificates has baen notified to too Company and the duplicate share oartificate 
have not been issued either due to wch request being under process as per the 
pto\fisloos of low oe otnet\vlse . The Company wlll no1 Buy Back Equity Shares, 
which are lockecf...in or non•transferable. until the pendeocy of such lock•in. or until 
the Equity Shares become transferable, as applicable, dvring the period between 
the date of openlflg and closlng of the Buy Back Offe,. 
14.9. Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
the dematerialized form 
a) Eligible Sna,ehokiers who desire to tender theft Equity Shares ,n the 
ek!ciroruc/ demateria lized form under Buy Back would have to do so through 
their cespeclive Seller Member by giving the details of Equity Shares they 
Intend to tender undet the Buy Back. 
b) The Seller Member would be required to place an order/bid on behalf of the 
Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buy Back 
using the Aoqulsltlo11 Window of the Designated Stock Ex.Change. Few furtt\er 
details, Eligible Shareholders may refer to the circulars is.sued by Designated 
Stock E,ccha.nge or Clearing C0tporetion . 
c) The detaUs of the settlemeot numDet under whk:h the lien will be marked or, 
the Equity Shares tendered for the Buy Back will be provided in a separate 
circvlar to be issued by the Stock Exchanges and/or Clea1ir,g Corpora1ion. 
d) The IIC-ll shall be markod by the Seller Me,nbcr In the doma1 account of the 
Eligible Shareholders for the shares tendered in tender offer. Details of shares 
mar1<ed as lien in the demat account of the shatehokler shafl be provided 
by tho depositories to Clearing Corporatlo,, . In case. tho ShareholOOrs 
demat account is held with one depository and clearing member pool and 
Clea,ing Corporation aooount is held with olher depos.itory , sha,es shall be 
bk>cke>d in th8 shateholdets demat account at souroe deposit°')' during the 
tendering period. l.n!er Depository Tender Offer r1DT") instructions shall be 
initiated by Ule sharehokiers at souroe depository to clearing member or 
Cle>afir.g Corpo,ation accoum at target depository. Sou,ce depository sh.alt 
block the shareholder·s securities (i.e. transrers from free balance to blocked 
balance} and send 1DT mes$age to target depository for confirming creation 
of lien. Details of shares blocke>d lo the share.hol001'$ demat aooou,n shall be 
provided by the target depository to the Cfearing Corp0tation . 
e) For custodian participant orders foe dema1eria lized Equity Sha,es. earty 
pay-in is mandatory prior to co11flrmatioo of ord8f/bld by custodlans. The 
custodian panicipent shall either confirm or rejed the orders not later than 
closing of trading hours on the last day of the tendering period, Theteafter, 
all unconfirmed ordets Shall be d&ell'\8d to be. reJe-cted. For all custOdlan 
participant confinned orders, any order modification shall revoke the 
custodian confirmation and the revised order shall be sent to lhe custodian 
again fo, oonfirmation . 
f) Upon placing the bid, the Seller Membe,(s) shall provide Transaction 
Registration Sfip ('"TR$") generated by the Stock Exchange' bidding system 
to tM Eligible snarehOlde r on wt'IO:.Se behalf the bid has bee.n placed . TR$ 
will contain details of order submitted 11ke bid ID No .. application number, DP 
10, client 10, number of Equity Shares tendered, etc. In case of non•receipt of 
the> completed tendar fonn ano olher d0Cumen1s. but lie.n matked on Equity 
Shares and a val'id bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such 
Eligible Shareholder shat! be deemed to have been aocepted. 
Contd. 
12 ECONOMY & PUBLIC AFFAIRS MUMBAI I sATURDAY, 6 DECEMBER 202s Business Standard 
==========================================================================·•"''"''"''"''"''"'"' 
Fino 1st payments 
banl, to get RBI 
nod to turn SFB 
AIINICVA KAWAI.£ 
Mumbai. s DecelTiler 
~1no Payments Bank (~1no) has 
become the first such entity to get 
an in-princip le approval from lhe 
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to 
transition into a small finance 
bank{SFB) . 
1betrans ition will allow Fino to 
accept larger deposits, provide 
loans and credit facilities to individ­
uals and small businesses. and 
expand its customer base and ser­
vi~ which are currently restricted 
for payments banks. Toe in-prin­
ciple approval comes nearly two 
yearsafterFinoapptiedforalicence 
tohecomean SBl. Hnohadapplied 
for the licence under the RBl'S 
guidelines ror ·on tap" licensing of 
privatesectorSBls. 
A payments bank is eligible to 
apptytotramition intoanSFBafter 
completing five years of operations. 
sub;ecttomeetingcomplianceand 
regulatory requirements. Fino 
began operations as a payments 
bank in 2017. ,be RBI has issued 
guidelines for ·on tap' licensing of 
SFBs in Lhe private sector. Accord­
ing to the guidelines. existing pay• 
ments banks that are controlled by 
residents and have completed five 
years of operations are eligible for 
conversion intoSFBs: the banking 
regulator said. 
An SFB is required to open at 
least 25 per cent of its branches in 
unbanked ruraJ centres.. -£be 
approval is a testament to our con­
sistent perfonnance, ability to take 
technology·lecl banking to the «WE ARE QUITE HOPEFUL 
OF STARTING THE LENDING 
BUSINESS WITHIN ONE YEAR 
OF THE IN-PRINCIPLE 
APPROVAL » 
lllshi(qo 
MO &CID, moPaymmlsBank 
masses. promote digjbl payments. 
and adherence to compliance and 
regulatory guidelines." said Rishi 
Gupb.111aMgjngdirectorandch ief 
executive officer. Fino Payments 
Bank. Fino may explore starting its 
lendingbusinesswilhinoneyearof 
receiving the in-principle awroval 
from the RBI. 
-wearequitehopefulofstarting 
the lending business within one 
year of the in-·principle approval.• 
Gupta had said during the firm's 
Q11-l'26 eami~call. 
Fino has serves over 16 million 
rustomers through more than two 
million merchants. As of Septem­
ber 2025. it had a deposit base of 
over n,300 crore. Fino will join a 
listofuotherSFlls-AUSFB. Equi· 
tas SFB. SUryoday SFB. Utkarsh 
SFB. Jana SFB. Unity SFB. Gapibl 
SFB. ESAF SFB. Ujjivan S~ll. Shi· 
valikSFB.andSliceSFB . ►FR0MPAGE1 
1\1odi, Putin chart path to 
$100 bn trade in 5 years 
lbe two sides signed pacts on 
labour mobility, opening further 
the door for Russian cons1n1c­
lion. engineering and rr sectors 
to hire semi-skilled and skilJed 
Indian worl<ers,alongwithpacts 
on fertiliser supply, training 
tncliaa seafarers in polar waters 
and cooperation in shipbuild­
ing. They discussed finalising a 
secondsiteinlndiaforaRussia­
backed nuclear power plant 
Both pushed for early con· 
clusion of the India-Eurasian 
Eoonomic Union free-trade 
agreement and a bilateral invest­
ment treaty. They also high· 
lighted connectivity projects 
including the International 
North-South Transport Corri· 
dor, theNortbem Sea Route and 
lheChennai-Vladivostok link. 
Modi compared the India­
Russia friendship to a ·oruuv 
Tora.• orguidingstar,sayingties 
have been steady for eight dec­
ades despite global upheavals. 
He credited Putin for steering 
the relationship with leadership 
and vision over thepa.5t.2Syears.. 
On Ukraine. Modi reiterated 
tndia'sconsistent calJ for peace 
andsupponforal leffonstoward 
a lastingresolution. saying India 
-has always been, and will 
always be ready Lo contribute." 
Thejointstatemenlomittedany 
reference to Lhe conOict Indian 
officials later said Putin briefed 
Modi on recent developments. 
Putin. in turn. underscored 
-close working dialogue" with 
thelndianPrimeMinistocpoint· 
ingto frequent phoneconversa· 
lions and monitoring ofbilateral 
ties "metiatlously". Hesaid trade 
rose 12 per cent last year to 
around :164 billion and has held finn this year, with 96percent of 
exchanges oonducted in ·our 
national currencies". Putin 
announced plans for an Indian 
pharmaceutical company to 
buildananti-tumourdrugplant 
in Russia's Kaluga region. later 
confirmed by lnterfax, which 
reponed a pact between India's 
BDR Pllarmaoeuticals. Russia's 
JSC Pharmasyntez and the 
regionalgovemmenL 
Putin reaffirmed support for 
completing the remaining reac­
tors at the Kudankulam Nuclear 
Power Plant and called for 
expanding cooperation into 
non-energy nuclear applica­
tions. including medicine and 
agrirulture. He reiterated 
Russia'swillingnesstohelplndia 
develop small modular reactor 
technology. The statement 
underscored the "importance of 
further discussion"' on lndia'S 
second Russia-~sted nude.ar 
plant site. saying New Delhi 
would V.'Ork ooward f ormaJ allot­
ment in line with earlier pacts. 
Both sides committed toacceJer­
ating technicaJ and commercial 
talks on Russian-designed 
WER reactors. joint research 
and development of NPPs. and 
localisation of nuclear equip­
ment and fuel assembUes ror 
i;uge-<:apacity pl.ints. On energy 
trade. Puli n said Russia remains 
a ·reliable suppuer· of oil. gas 
and coal and stands ready to 
ensure uninterrupted ship­
ments to fuel India's fast-grow• 
ingeoonomy. 
The summit unfolded 
against the backdrop of Wash· 
ington's punitive tariff on India 
and sanctions regime. renected 
in thejointcommuniqu~. Toreachthe$tOOb iOioo trade 
tafl'l'!.bothsidesemphasisedthe 
need Lo cle.ar taritT and non-tariff 
barriers. ease logistics bottle­
necks. boo&connedivity,ensure 
smootberpaymentmechanisms 
and resolve insurance-related 
i~es. Both leaders addressed a 
business conference. 
The two oountries agreed to 
continue developing bilateral 
settlement systems using 
national rurrencies. and to keep 
working toward interoperabilily 
between national payment sys­
tems. financial messaging plat­
forms and central bank digital 
currency systems. 
Modi highlighted the impor­
t.anceof cooperation in -critical 
minerals' to secure diversified 
global supply chains. He also 
announcedafree3()-daye-Tour­
isl Visa and a 30-day group visa 
for Russian traveUers. No 
defence pacts were unveiled, 
consistent with previous sum­
mits. but the joint statement 
noted Russia'S suPJX)n for 
India's push for defence self­
reliance. ltsaid the partnership 
is shifting toward joint R&D. co­
developmentand e<rproduction 
or advanced military techno­
logies. Ahead of the summit. 
Russia hadolfered joint produc­
tion of SU-57 fighter jets. 
A political row erupted 
during the day after OflPO"ition 
the Congress said Leaders of 
Opposition Mallikarjun Kharge 
and Rahul Gandhi have not been 
invited to the banquet for Putin 
at Rashttapati Bhavan. and took 
aswipeatitsownMPShashiTha­
roor for acceptinglhe invite. Tha­
roor said: "I dont know the basis 
( of invitation): this is all done by 
lhegovemmenL bylhe protocol 
by the Raslltrapati llhawan ... All 
I can say I am honoured to have 
been invited." Govt grounds ne,v pilot rest ru Jes f<>r no,v 
The Airline Pilots' Associ­
ation of India pushed 
bad<, writingtotheDGCA 
that -1ndiGo pilots wiU 
now Oy with reduced rest 
and increased fatigue. 
placing their passengers 
at elevated risk.· 
lbe DGCA. in asepar· 
atelettertoallpilotgroups. 
·earnestly requested' full 
cooperation to ensure pas­
sengers aren't further 
inconvenienced during a 
period routinely hit by fog. 
bolidaydemandand wed· 
ding-season traffic. 
Naidusaidahigh· level 
inquiry has been bunched 
to determine what went 
wrong at lndiGo, identify 
accountability and recom­
mend measures to prevent 
future disruptions. Right 
schedules are expected to 
smbilisebytomorrow. with 
"complete restoration of 
services" anticipated 
within lbreedays. hesaid. 
'lberevised FOTLrules 
entered their seamd and 
final phase on Novembert. 
activating seven clause.s 
deferredduringJuly'sro ll· 
oot Phase U lightened 
Umitson pilot duty during 
Lhe early-morning 
"windowofcircadianlow " 
(roughly 0200-0600 
hours~ when fatigue risk 
peaks. Under Para 3.tt. 
"night duty• covers any 
duty overlapping 0000-
0600 in a pilot"s acclima­
tised time7..one; Para6.1-4 
caps fiight time in such 
periods at 8 hours. total 
duty al 10 boUJs. and typi· 
cally limits pilots to two 
l.incling;. lndiGo told the DGCA 
the "massive fiight cancel· 
lations/dela ys" stemmed 
from its failure to antici­
pntetheimp:,a of PhaseU 
FCYO, norms on its roster 
from November L Thecar­
rieradmitteditsaewp]an­
ning was "insufficient" 
and -indicated" Lhat new 
recruitment will takep]ace 
inthecomingdaystomeet. 
required standards. the 
regulator said. 
The DGCA noted the 
Delhi HighCourti=ed its 
order on the new ruJes in 
April. and that the regula· 
tor issued "repeated" 
directions to lndiGo from 
Lime to time" to prepare 
for implementation. 
In a video message 
Friday evening. lndiGo 
CEO Pieter Elbers said the 
ai.rline opted to reboot all 
systems and schedules on 
Friday; triggJ,ring its high· 
est cancellations yet but 
essential for -progres,tjve 
improvements'" from 
tomorrow. -with these 
actions we expect tomor­
row to bave cancellations 
below t.000. The suppon 
ofDGCA in providingspe­
dfic FDTL implementa· 
lion relief is of great help.• 
he said. "Still. lhereis a lot 
of work ia progress. but 
going forward from here. 
in alignment with the 
MoCA and DGCA. we 
expect to funher improve 
evety day. Given the Si'le. 
scale and complexity of 
our operations. it will lake 
some time to return to a 
full normal situation. 
which we anticipate between December to and 
15.'theCEOsaid. 
After deliberations 
with Lhe ministry. the 
DGCA said it suspended 
lhene-wrulesasaone-time 
measure to stabilise the 
national aviation netv.'Ork 
and restore passenger ser­
vices. The exemption , 
valid until February 10, is 
·so1e1y• to s"1bilise llight 
operations and shouldn't 
be seen as a dilution or 
safety. it said. adding it 
reserves the right to with­
draw the relief at any time. 
The DGCA has asked 
lndiGo to file a progress 
report every tSdays detail­
ing crew utilisation rates. 
steps to increase crew 
availability. operational 
fixes to improve reliability 
and changes in crew plan­
ning and rostering. 
Indian Railways' 
Northern Railway mne 
has increased capacity on 
several services to accom­
modate passengers 
alf ected by the lndiGodis­
ruptions. One AC 3·tier 
coach has been added to 
the Dibrugam Rajdhani 
Express (12-124/23) and the 
Jammu Tuwi Rajdhani 
Express (12425/26). One 
chair-car coach has been 
added to the ChandiJl;trh 
Shatabdi Express and the 
New Delhi SwamaJayanti 
Shatabdi Express. which 
links the rnpital with 
Amritsar. -Fltrther 
arrangements are under 
planning.' the Railways 
said. 
(Wil/J i11puts from 
D/Jruvaksh Salta) 
expenses (inch.1c::Sin9 brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the Seiter Member 
upoIl th& sel!log sh.arehold8's for toodering Equity Shares In tho 8uy Sack 
(secood,ary marit.et transaction). The Buy Back consideration received by the 
Eilglble SharehOlder s. In respect of accepted Equity Shares. could be net of 
suOh costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) 
and the Company accepts no respooslbJrlty to bear or poy such additional 
cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) incurred solely by the 
EJlgible Shareholders . The Seller Member(s) would issue contract note to 
Eligible Shareholders for the Equity Shares accepted under the Buy Back. 9) The Eligible Sharehol<iers will have to en~re that they keep the (Sepository 
partlcipa1n ("OP'') account active Md unblOck&d, in cas.e of reJeaslng of lien 
on Equity ShAres due to rejections or due to non -acceptance of Equity 
Shares u11der the Buy Back. Further. Elig1ble SharehOldets w/11 have to 
ensure that they keep the bank account attactled with the DP account active 
and u,p®ted to ,ecelve cred1t remitto.nce ctue lO acceptance of Buy Back of 
Equity Shares by lhe Company. In case the Clearing Corporation is unable 
to mak.e lhe direct payment into Eti91ble Shareholders demal linked bank 
account then the respective payment will be made to lheit Seller Membec for 
further depositing Into Eligible Shareholders &000u01. 
14.10. Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
the Physical fonn ii. In case the Equity Sh.ares are held on repatriation basis, the non­
resldo1n sharehoklor Shall obtain ancl enclose a loner ftom its authCH'ised 
dealer /bank confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares. 
payment for the sa,ne was made by the non-residen t shareholder 
from the appropriate eocount {e.g. non-resident external account) as 
specified by RBI in Its approvo.l. lo case the non~resldent shareholder 
is not in a position to produce the said certificate. the Equity Shares 
would be deemed to have been acquired on non-<epalriatlon basis 
and in that case the non-resident shareholder shall submit a consent 
tetter addressed to the Company , aflow1ng the Company to malce the 
payment on a non-repatriation basis in respect of the valid Equity shares 
accepted under the Buy Back. 14.14. The Equity Shares lying to the credit of 1he Company"s Oemat Account and 
accepted in physical form will be extinguished in the manner and following the 
rxooedure prescribed in the SEBI Suy Sa~ Regulations. 
a) All Eligible Shartiholden; holding the Equity Shares in physical form shall 
note that in accordanoe with the proviso to regulation 40(1) of the SE8I 
Listing Regulations (notified by the Securities and Exdlang,e Board of India 
(Listing Obligations ancf Disclosure Requirements) (Fourth Amencfment) 
RegulatiOr\S, 2018). read wilh SEBl's ptoss mlease dal&d Dooember 3. 2016. 
transfers of securities shall not be proc:essed unles-s the secvrities are held 
In tho dematerlaHzed form with a deposlto,y with effect ftom April 1. 2019. 
However, in i;ocorda.nce with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HOICFO/CMD1/ 
CIRIP/2020/144 dated July 31. 2020. lho eI~;bI0 ShatchOldcrs holding 
Equity Shares in the physical form are allowed to tender their EqUTty Shares 
lo the Buy Sack provklecf that such tendering shall be as per the provisions of 
the SEBI Buy Badt Regulations and terms provided in the letter of offer. 
b) Ellg1ble Shareholders who are hOldlog Equity Shares lo physical form and 
intend to participate in the Buy Back will be required to approach their 
respective Seller Members aIon9 with the oomplete seI of documents 
for verification procedures to be carried oul including the (i) OJiginal share 
certif;cate(s) (ii) valkl share transfer form{s) (i.e .. form SH--4) duty filled and 
signed by the lransferors (i.e. by all registered EJigible Shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered wi1.h the Company) and 
duly witnessed at the apptopriate place authOrizit)Q tho transtor in favour ot 
the Company (iif) self-attested copy of the Eligible Shareholder's PAN Card 
(iv) the TMder Form duly signEiod (in case thie Equity Shares are in joint 
names, the Tender Form must be signed by all Eligible Shareholders in the 
same ol'dor In whk:h they hOkl tl\G Equity Sharos) Md (v) any other rolovant 
documents such as power of attorney, oorporate a,uthoriun ion (including 
boatd resolution/ specimen slgt1aturc). notarized copy of death oortlflcato 
and succession certifteate or probated will. if the original sharehold er has 
deceased . etc.. as applicable. In addltio1t If the address of an Ellglb1e 
Shareholde r has undergone a change from the address registered in the 
Register of Memt>ets of the Company, such Eligible snarenol cfer woukl be 
required to submit a self-attested copy of address proof consisting of any 
one of the followlng documents.: wUd A&dhar Caro, Voter ldenbty Card or 
Passport.. 
c) ll;lsoo on lhe ~OC'.lments mentioooo in l)llrngrnph a!>ove, t!le ooncernoo 
Seiter Member shaH place the bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholder holding 
Equity Sha,es tn physi<:al form who wishes to tender Equity Shares in the 
Buy Back uSing th& AcQuisilion Windo-.v of tho Dosignat&d Stock Exchange. 
Upon placing the bid. the Seller Member shall provide a TRS gene<aIe<:1 by 
th& D8Sigtlat&d StOd<. Exchange· bidding SySlQm to th8 Eligible SharehOk:ler. 
TR$ will oonl.ain the details of order submi1ted like Folio No .. application no., 
CorUficato No .. Oislinctiv8 No .. number of Equity Snar&s t8f'ldereo &le. 
d) After placing the bid, the Sefler Member of lhe Eligible Shareholde r has 
to d&liv&r tho 0<lginal share certlflcate(s) and documenIs (as mo,ulonod in 
paragrF,tph 14.10 (b) F,tbove along with TRS either by registered post or courier 
or hat1cf dehvery to Registrar to the Buy Sad<. (at the address me,uloned at 
paragraph 16 below) on or before the Buy Back Closing date. The envelope 
shoukl be superscnbed as *eClenc Services Limited • Buy Sack 2025·. One 
copy of the TRS will be retained by Regjstrnr to the Buy Back and ii will provide 
aci<Jlowledoemen t of lhe same to the Seiter Member/ El"lglble Shateholde r. 
e) Eligible Sharehold er holding Equity Shares in physical form should note 
that physical Equity Shares wlll not be accepted onJess the complete set of 
documents are submitted. Aooeplance of the physical Equity Shares for the 
Buy Back shall be subject to verification as per the SEBI SuyBack. Regulations 
and any further directions issu-ad in this regard. Tha Ragistrar to tlw Buy Back 
will verify such bicfs basecf on the documents wbmitted on a daity ba$is. The 
v&rification of 100 original share certiftcat&(s) ShaJI be completed on tho date 
of receipt by the Registrar to 1he Buy 8,ack. Once the Registrar to the Buy 
Back confirYnS the bids. it will bo treated as 'confirmed bids'. 
f) All dowments cis mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the valicf Tender 
Fo,m, otherwise tM Equity Shares teodel'&d wUI be liabJo tor r&j&etion. The 
Equity Shares sh.all be Ii.able for rejection on the following grounds amongst 
othel'S: (i) If there Is My OU)Or company's equity share certiflcate(s) enCIOsed 
with the Tender Form instead of the Equity Share certificate(s) of the 
Company: (ii) If the transmission of Equity Shares Is not completed. and the 
Equity Shares are no1 in the name of the Eligible Sharehoiders; (iii) If the 
Eligible Shareholders tender Equity Shares but the Registrar to ltle Buy Bade 
does not receive the Equity Share certificate (s): (iv) In case the signature 
on the Tender Fonn ancl Form SH-4 does not match as per the specimen 
signature recorded with Company/ Registrar to the Buy Back. 
g) In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical 
fonn for dematerialization. such EligibJe Shareholders should ensure that the 
process of getting ttle Equity Shares dematerialized is completed well in time 
so that thEty Cati pal'ticipate in the Buy Baek before the dOSing of trading hOUt$ 
on the date of clo,.ing of 8vy Back, 
h) Fot Equity Shares MIO by Eligible Sharehokfef$, being non-re.sidenl 
shareholc::Sel'$: 
I. Eligible SharehOld8tS, b8ing ,,on.resident $harOllOldel'$ (excluding 
Fore;gn institutional investors/fore ign ponfofio investors) shall a.lso 
enclose a copy of the permission rncclved by them from RBI, if 
applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them. 
•• •• -iii. II any ot tha above stated documents (as applicable) artt not aoclosl:!d 
along with the Tender Form, the Equity Sllares tendered under the Buy 
Baek are liable to be reject&d. 
14.11. t.todificationf cencellal:ion of orct,ers will be a.llowed during lhe tencfering pe<i<XI of 
the Buy Back. Mulliple bids made by a single Eligible Shar&hOIOOr shall be Clubbed 
and considered as "one~ bid fOf the purpose of acceptance. 
14.12. Tho website of th& Designated Stock Exchange shaU display only conflrm&d bids 
and accordingly , t~ cumulative quantity tendered shall he made available on the 
website of tho Designated Stock Exchange (I.e. m'wW hs0in41a oom> thtoughout 
the trading sessions and will be updated at specific intervals during the tendering 
pe<IOd. 
1,.13 .. Method of Settlement 
Upon f1nauzauon of the basis of oooeptance as pet the SE8I Suy Back Regulations· 
a) The settlement trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlemen t 
of trades In secondaty ma,ke-L 
b) The Company will pay the consideration to the Company's Bcoker which will 
transfer the funds pertaining to the Buy Back to the Clearing Corporation's 
bank accounts as per the prescribed schedule. FOf Equity Shares accepted 
under the Bvy Sack.. the Clearing Corporation will make direct funcfs payout 
to th& ,espective Eligiblo Share.holder's bank account linked to th& demat 
account, ff Eligible SharehoJders' bank account details are not available or 
if the ruoos transfer instruction is rej&et80 by RBI/an Eligible SMrellOlder's 
Ba.nk, due to any reason. then such funds will be transferred to the concemed 
Sot10r Members sememen t ba1,k aooount tor onward transfer to their 
respective shareholders. 
c) In case of e&rt.aln typ&S of Eligib!Et SharnhOkler I.e., NRI, foreign d!Mts. etc. 
where there are specific RBI and other regulatory requirements pertaining to 
funds payout. which de> not opt 10 settle througI, custodians. the funds pay4out 
would be given to their respeciive SelJer Members settlement bank account for 
onward tra.nsfet to the EUgibkJ Shareholcfers. For this pyrpose. the client type 
details vtoukt be collected from the Regist:car to the Buy Back whereas funds 
payout pertainlllQ to the bids settled 1hrou9h custod1ans will be tra/\Sferred to 
the setllamenl bank account of the custodian, each in aooordance with the 
appli.cable mechanism prescribed by BSE ancf the Clearing Corporation from 
time to lime. 
d) The Equity Shares bought ba~ in demat form would be transferred directly 
to tha demat account of the Company openad for Buy Back rcompany 
Oemat Account') provided it is indicated by the Company"s Stoic.er or it wlll 
be transferred by the Company's Stoker to the Company Demat Account on 
receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing and settlement mechanism of 
!he oesig,,ated Stoc:k Exchango. 
e) The Eligible Sharehokle rs will have to ensure that they keep the OP account 
active. and unbJodc.Eiocf. in case of releaslng of lien Oil Equity Shares Ou& to 
rejeclion:c; or due to non -acceptance of Equity Shares under the Buy Back. 
Further, Eligible Shareholdets wll have to eIlsure. mat they keep the bank 
account attached with the OP account active and updated to receive aedit 
,emlttanoe due to acceptance of Bvy B3d<. of Equity Shares by the Compat1y. 
f} Excess demat Equity Shares or unaccepted demat Equity Shares, if any. 
tende<ed by lhe El;gible Shareholde<s, lien oo such shares would be teleased 
by the Ciearing COJporation and shall become free in the respective Eligible 
Shareholdet 's OP account, 
g) In the case of inter-depository. the Clearing Corporation will call08I the excess 
or unaccepted shares in 1arget depository . The source depositOfY will not be 
able lo release the lien without a release of Inter Depository Tender (IDT) 
Offer message from target dep05itory . Funher. release of IDT message shall 
be sent by target depository &ith&r bas&d on cancellation request rec&iv8d 
from the Clearing Cocporation or sutomalica1ty generated sher matching with 
Bid ac:oepted detail as received from the Compat1y or tho R~rStrar lo th& 
Buy Back. Post receiving !he IDT me,$$;Elge from target depositOfY, souroe 
depository will cancOU release excess or unaccop18d block sharE)s in th& 
demat account of the Eligible Shareholder. P0$1 completion of tendering 
petlod Md receiving the requisite details viz .. domat aoooUJU details and 
accepted bid quantity, source depository sha11 debit the securities as per the 
communication,' mess89e received from target depository to the extent of 
accepted bid shares from Eligible Sharehold e,'s demal account and credit it 
to Cleaflng Corporation semement account In I;:.rget depository on settlement 
date. 
h) Any exoess physical Equ'rty SMres porsoant to proporUon ate aooeptancel 
rejection will be returned baek to the Eligible Shareholder directly by the 
Registrar to the Buy Back, The Company is authorized to split the share 
certificate and issue a new COO$Olidaled share certificate for the unaccepted 
Equity Shares, in case the Equity Shares accepted by the Company are less 
than tho Equity Sh.ares l8nd&rod in tM Buy Back by Eligible Sharehold&l'S 
hoJding Equity Shares in the physical form. 
i) TM Company's Broker woukl also issue a contract note to the Company for 
the Equity Shares aocepted uncter the Buy Back. 
J) Eliglblo SMt&Mlcfet$ who Intend to partiCJpate in the Buy Baek &hould consult 
their re$pective SeOer Member fOJ any cost, applicable taxes, charges and 
••••• ••••• 15. Compliance Officer 
15.1. The Board at M meeling hek:I on Occober 24, 2025 appointecf Mr. Pratik Bhanushali, 
VP • Legal & Compat1y Sooretary of the Company. as th& Compliance Officer for 
the purpose of the Buy Back (~Compliance Officer'). Investors may contact the 
Compliance Off'teer for any darif'teations or to address their g1iovar\Ces, if any, 
during office hours i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on &II working days except Saitorday, 
Su May and public holk:lays till the dOsure of too Buy Back, at the follow1ng addmss: 
Mr. Pratik Bhanush.all 
VP-Legal & Company Secretary 
&Cle<)( Sel'\lfces Umlted 
CIN: l72200MH2000P LC12S319 
Regd. Office: Sonawala Building, 1d Floor. 29 Sank Street. 
Fort. Mumbai -400 023. Mahruasht ra. India 
Phone No.: •91 {22) lw14 6301, Fax No.: •91(22)66146655. 
Email Id: iOYASIOc@:AdftCX CQOO Web$ite: WWWft®OI CQOO 
16. Registrar to lhe Buy Back I lnve.stor Service Centre 
tn case of any que(ies, sha.teho,cters may also contact the Registrar to the 8uy 
Back. during office hours i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on an working days exoepl 
Saturday. Sunday and public holidays till the closure of Buy Back. at the following 
addross: 
KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Cont3ct Person: Mr. M Murali Kristina 
Regd. Off.: Selenium Towor B. Plot 31..J2. 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Mandel, 
Hyderabad • 500 032. Telangana, lndi.a 
Tel.:+ 91-40.67162222 
Fax: + 91•40~7161563 
Toll Free No: 18003094001 
Investor Grievance Email: 
eimvard.ris@kfintech.com 
Email: e;cle,x.bwback2025@kfintech.com 
Website: wv.w.kftntech.com 
SEBI Regn. No.: INR000000221 
Validity Period: Permanent 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
17. Mana.gor to the Buy Back 
EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Contact Person: Mr. Ocopak Yadavl 
Ms. Haen.a Sharma 
Rogd. Off.: The Ruby, ]ti floor, 
Sen.apatl 8apaI Marg, Oactar.Woot. 
Mumbai -400028. Maharashtra, h,dla 
Tel.. No.: +91 22 66121212 
F•x No.: +91 22 iw121299 
Emall id: ACIAOI byyb:Jck@emk~kihal com 
Website: WYr« 00lk8Y9IOM I com 
SEBI Regn, No.: INM000011229 
V~lidity PeriOd: Permaneot 
CIN: L67120MH199SPLC-084899 
18. Director's Responsibility 
18.1. As per Regulation 24(i) (a) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Soard of 
Olreccors of the Company ("Board") acceots responsibility for the information 
contained in this PublicAnnouncemenl and confirms that this PublicAn.nounoemenl 
contains true, factual and material information and does not oontain any mislead Ing 
information. 
This Public Announcement is issued under lhe eulhorily of the Board in terms of 
the resolution passed by the Boatd on October 24, 2025 and by the Buy Back 
Committee on December 5. 2025. 
For and on behalf of the Soard of Director& of eClerx. Services limited 
Sdl-
Mr. Kapll Jain 
Managw'lg Direaor & 
GrwpCEO 
DIN: 10170402 
Place: London 
Date: Oecembe< 5. 2025 Sd/· 
Mr. Amit Majmudar 
Non-Exeootive Independent 
Oir6<:Cor 
DIN: 00565425 
Plaoe: Mumbai w. 
Mr. Pratlk BhanushaU 
VP-Legal & Company 
Se-erel~/'y 
(ICSI Membership No.: F8538) 
Ptaoo: Mumbai 
-• •••• 
8 
eClerx 
eClerx Services Limited 
CIN: L72200MH2000PLC125319 
Registered Office and Correspondence Address: Sonawala Building, 1" Floor. 29 Bank Street. Fort. Mumbai -400 023. Maharashtra. India 
Phone No.: +91 (22) 6614 8301, Fax No.: +91 (22) 6614 8655 
Email Id: inyestor@ecferx com. Website: ww ederx com: Contact Person: Mr. Pratik Bhanushall. VP-Legal & Company Secretary 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE ATTENTION OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED FOR THE BUY BACK OF EQUITY SHARES THROUGH TENDER OFFER 
THIS PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT (THE "PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT") IS BEING 
MADE PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 7(1) OF THE SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF SECURITIES) REGULAT IONS, 
2018, AS AMENDED (THE "SEBI BUY BACK REGULATIONS") AND CONTAINS 
THE DISCLOSURES AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE II TO THE SEBI BUY BACK 
REGULATIONS READ WITH SCHEDULE I OF THE SEBI BUY BACK REGULAT IONS. 
OFFER FOR BUY BACK OF NOT EXCEEDING 666,666 (SIX HUNDRED SIXTY SIX 
THOUSAND SlX HUNDRED SIXTY SIX) FULLY PAID•UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE 
VALUE OF t 10/-(RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED 
("EQUITY SHARES" OR "SHARES"), AT A BUY BACK PRICE OF t 4,500/· (RUPEES 
FOUR THOUSAND FIVE HUNORE,O ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE PAYABLE IN CASH 
FOR AN AMOUNT NOT EXCEEDING' 3.000 MILLIONS (RUPEES THREE THOUSAND 
MILLIONS ONLY), EXCLUDING ANY EXPENSES INCURRED OR TO BE INCURRED 
FOR THE BUY BACK, WHICH REPRESENTS 21.08% AND 13.80% OF THE 
AGGREGATE OF COMPANY 'S FULLY PAID•UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL AND FREE 
RESERVES AS PER THE LATEST AUDITED STANDALON E AND CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS ON MARCH 31, 2025 RESPECTIVELY, THROUGH THE 
TENDER OFFER ROUTE PROCESS USING THE STOCK EXCHANG E MECHAN ISM, 
ON A PROPORT IONATE BASIS FROM ALL THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS .I 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE 
RECORD DATE ('BUY BACK' OR "BUY BACK OFFER"). 
Certain figures contained in this Public Announceme nt, including financial 
information, have been subject to rounding-o ff adjustments. AU decimals have been 
rounded off to two decimal points. 
1. Details of the Buy Back Offer and Buy Back Price 
1.1. The Board of Ditectors (("Board"). whk:h term sMll b8 cJ.gemed to include any 
commmoo or lhe BoaJ'd and/or officiats. wflieh lh& Board may coosututelau lhOrise 
to exel'ds,e ii.$ pow&.rs (the "Buy Back Committco")) or 8Clerx. Sel"Yices limited 
f'Company"). at Its meeting heki on Od:Ober 24, 2025 (;'Board Moellng") has, In 
aceo<dance with Artide 61 of the Artides of Association of tile Company and the 
provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70. 110, 179 a.oel all other applicable p<ovtsk>ns o1 the 
Compa.nies Act, 2013, as 3me.nded c·Acq r-0&c1 with the Companies (Share Capitat 
and Debentures} Rules, 2014. the Companies (Management t1nd Administration) 
Rules, 2014, the Compan)es {Mee1iogs of Board and its Power,) Rules. 2014, to 
the extent applicable and oiher <eJevanl R..,1es mt'Kle thereunde r, each as amended 
from time to time and the provisions of the Secvrities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended {"SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations"), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, (''SEBI listing 
Regulations'') and subjecl to approvals of slatulOf)'. regulatory or govemmenteJ 
authorities. institutions or bodies as may be required unde, apphcable laws. 
approved the ptoS)os.al to Buy Back of not exooeding 666.666 (Six Hund.red Sixty Six 
Thousand Six HundrOd Six.1y Six} fully paid up equily shams having a race value of 
f 10/-(Rul)GGS Ten on.ty) each ("'Equity Sharos"). reproo:ooling 1.40% ot the totaJ 
number of Equity Shares in tile tC>tal pa.ld-up Equity Share capital of lhe Co1npany. 
as on Marcil 31. 2025. al a buy baek price off 4.500/~ (Rupees Four Thousand Five 
Hundred onty) per fully paid-up Equity Share payable ,n casn ('8~•Y Bt1ek Ptlct"} fo, 
an amount nol exoeediog Rs. 3.000 Millions (Rupees Three Thousand Millions onty), 
excluding any expenses incurred or to be mcvrred f0t I.he Suy Back \'iz, btol<era,ge 
cost$, rees, tu mover dla.rges. taxes such as secwities transaction tax and goods and 
services lax (if any), I.ax on distributed income on Bvy Back, stamp duty, actvisOtS 
fe-ea. filing fees, public aMouncement expenses, printing and dispatch expenses , 
if any, and other incidental and related expenses and charges etc. (lransaction 
Cos-ts~) (such amount hereinahe.r referred to as the "BllY Back Size"}, representing 
21.08% and 13.80% oi the aggregate of the total paid-up equity share capital and 
free reserves of the Company based on latest audited standalone and oonsolkta ted 
audited financial statements of the Company. respectively as on March 31. 2025. 
from 0)8 sharehok :tets/beneficial owner'\S of the Equdy Shares of the company as 
on a record date to b8 subsequenUy decided by lhe Board/Buy Back C<immitlee 
("Ellglblc Shareholders~), through tencter offer rout&, 01, a proportionate basis as 
prescribed under tile SE81 8uy Back RegulatiC>1 lS 
1.2. The Company sought approval of Jts snarehe>lders for lhe Buy Back. by a special 
rese>Juuon th<ough pe>sl81 ballol, The sharehe>loers approved the ptoposal of Buy 
Ba~ of Equity Shares and the resutts of the postal b3tlol were announced on Frid3y, 
Oecember 5. 2025. 
1,3, The Bvy Sack is further subject to approvals, permissions and sanctiO<ls as may 
t:>e neoessary. aod wbjeci to such condition$ and modifications. if any from lime 
to time fr()nl statutory, regulatOfY or governmental authorities as may be required 
under applicable laws, inctuding but not limited lo Securities and E.xcha.nge Board 
of India ("SEBI"), ihe BSE Limited ("BSE') and National Stock Exchange of India 
limited ("NSE"') on which the Equjty Shares of the Company are listed (SSE and 
NSE together are refe<red as ~stock Exchanges ~). 
1.4. The Buy Back will be undertaken on a p,oportiona!e basis from the Ehglble 
Shareh01d8'S as on tM Record Date provided lhal 15% (fifteen p8'oont) Of the 
number or Equity Sha.t8$ ptoS)osed to be bOughl back or number of l:.qutly Shares 
enllUed as p8' the sharehOld ing of small shareh01d8'S as defined 10 me SE.Bl Buy 
Bade. RcgulatiOns ("Small Sharoholdors") as on the Rec0td Dale. whichcve, is 
hlg.her, shDII be resef\ted to, the Small Sha,e.MI Cfers, 
1,5. The Buy Sade Size Is 2t.08% and 13,60% of 1he tol.81 paid-up Equity Share capital 
and free reserves of !tie Company based on tne lates1 stand-alone and oonsoUda ted 
audited financial statements of lhe Company respectfllety as at Macch 31. 2025 
(being the date of the latest available avclited $tandaJone and coosoticiate<I financial 
statements of the Company) . 
1.6. The Equity Share, of the Company are currently 11$ted on the Stock Exchanges . 
1.7. The Buy Back shall be unclertAk.en on A proportionAte basis from the Eligible 
Shareholde,s through the Tender Offet process prescribed under the SEBI Buy 
Sade. Regulations. Additionally, the Buy Back shall be implemented by the Company 
using the "Mechanism for acquisition of share$ through stock exchange~ as specified 
by SEBI vkle circulru bearing number CIR/CFDJPOLICYCEW 112015 dated April 
13, 2015 read WYlh Circular bearing nu.moor CFDJDCR2/CIRI P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016. SE8VHOJCFD/DCRIII/C IR/Pi20211615 daled Augusl 13, 2021 
and SE8llHO/CFDJPo0-21P/CIR/2023/35 dal8d March 08. 2023. Including any 
amcndme n1s thereof ( .. SESI Circulars"}. In this regard. the Company has rcqucsled 
SSE to provide the separnte acqulslbon window to f.acltltote placlng of sell orders by 
the Eligible Shareholdets ,vho WtSh to tender Equity Shores In the Bvy Back F0< 
the purposes of the Boy Sack. SSE Is appe>!nted as the designated stock exchange 
(''Oesign3ted Stock Exch:ingc"). Once the Buy Sook is concluded, all Equity 
Shares purchased by the Company in the Suy 8&ek will be extinguished in terms of 
the SES! Bvy Back Regula1lons. 
l.8. In terms of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, 1,.mcier tender offer roote, the Promoter 
and Promoter Group have an option to participate in the Buy Sack. The details of 
Promoter and Promoter Group participation in the Buy Back has been detailed in 
paragraph 8 of this Public AnnouncemenL 
1.9. Further, under the Act, the number of Equity Shares lhat can be bought back during 
the financial yew shall not exoeed 25¾ of the total oomboc of Equity Shares in the 
paid up Equily Shares of lhe Company. Accordiitgly. the number of Equity Shares 
th.at can be bOughl baek during the nn.anc:ial year can1101 exoeed t 1.912.589 (Eleven 
Million Nine Hundrt,d Tw8M' Th0usat1d Five Hundred Eighly Nine) Equity SMres 
betng 25% of 47,650.359 (Fon.y Seven MUikins Six Hundred Fifty Thousand Three 
Hundred Fifty Nt.Oe) Equity Shares of f.oce value off 10/~ (Rupees Ten Onty) eadl, 
bei:n9 the ou1standJng number of fulty paid up Equ11y Shares of the Company as 
on March 31, 2025. Since the Company proposes to Buy Back up to 666,666 (Sbc 
Hundred Sixty Six Thousa.ocf Six Hundred Sixty-Six) Equity Shares, the same 
Is within the aforesaid limit, further, proposed Buy Sack of EqU1ty Shares of vpto 
666.666 (Six Hundred Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty S-ix) represen1s 1 .40 % 
of the lot9l number of Eqully Sha,es in the total p.aid up Equity Sh.are capital of lhe 
CompAny as on the date of Public Announcement. 
1.10. Pursuant to the proposed Buy Back ;(lnd depending on the response to the Buy 
Back, the voting rights of the Promoters in the Company may ina-ease or decrease 
from theif existing shareholding in the total equi!y capital and voling rights of the 
Company. The Promoters of lhe Company are already in control over the Company 
and the.rafore such further increase or dec,easa in voting rights of Iha-Promoters wiD 
not result in any change in control ov&r lM Company . 
1.11 Partio:palJOn in the Buy Back by Eligible SharehOlde,s will tf.gge, tax on the 
cons.deraUon ,ecelvOO on Buy Back by them. Fiinanc& (No.2) Act, 2024 has made 
amendinents In reia1ion to buy-baek of shares w.e.f. October 1. 2024. shifting the 
tax llabitlty In tile hMdS of the sharetlC>lders (whetne, resident °' oo...,reslefent) and 
the Company Is not ,equtred to pay tax on lhe distr1bvled Income. The sum paid by 
a domestic company to, purchase of its own shares shall be treated as dividend 
In the hands <Jf shareholders . No deduction Is allowed against. such dividend while 
compu1ing the income from ocher sources The cost of a<::qulsitioo of !he shares 
which has been bought back by lhe Company shall be treated as capital loss in the 
hands of lhe sharehokle r and allowed to be carry forward and set off against capital 
gains as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The Company is required 
to deduct tax at source as pet the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 iin respect 
of the consideration payable to shareholders (whether resident or non-resident) on 
Buy Back of the shares. Since the Buy Back of shares shal take place through 
the settlemen t mechanism of the stock Exchange. sectJrities transaction tax will be 
applicable. In due course. Eligibl& Sllaret10lders wdl r&eeive a letter of offer, vAlieh 
will contain a mote d&lailed note on laxobOn. HO'li-ev~,. in Vtttw of the particulallted 
nature of tax cons8quenc9S. the Ellgibla Shareholdel'S are ad'lfsed to consult thelf 
O\vn legal, tloonclai and tax a<MsotS prior to pal'bdpallng In tt-.e Buy Baek.. 
1. 12. The Buy Back from Eligible Shareholders Who are pe,se>ns resident ou1slde lndla. 
lnc1uchn9 lhe foreign portfC>UC> fnvestOf'S, erstwhile overseas COl'porate bod.es and non .. 1.13 
2. 
2.1. 
2.2. 
2.3. 
2.4. 
3. 
3.1. 
3.2. 
4, 
4.1. 
4.2. 
4,3. 
5. 
5,1. 
6. 
6,1, 
1. 
7.1. resident lndlans, membe<s of foreign nationallty. etc. if any, shall be s1..1bject to such 
app,ovals if, and 10 the extent nece$$&ry or required frl)ITI I.he ooncerned authorities 
including approvals from the RBI under the F0tei9n Exchange Management Act, 
1999. as amended and the rul,es, regulatie>ns framed thereunder and Income Tax Act, 
·1961 including rules and notifications issued thereunder. as applicable, if any and 
such approvals shall be required to be taken by such non-resident shareholders. 
A copy of this Public Announcemen t is available on the website of the Company at 
www,ederx com and expected to be available on the SEBI website www.selJi.qoy.in 
and an Iha website ol lhe Stock Exehanges at v1WW.oseiodia.com ~nd www.bseindia. 
~ du,ir')Q the period or the Buy Baek. 
Necessity of the Buy Back 
TOO Buy Back is being proposOO by th8 Company to return surplus funds to th8 
EllgJbte SharellOICfers. vAlleh are over and above its ordinary capHal requirements 
ond sn exoess of My curren1 investment plans. In ail exped!eot. effK:ient and cost 
effective manner. The Buy 8acl< we>uld u'lCrea-se the s.hareOC>lder's vatue and would 
atso help the company in fuffilling the follC>wing objecttves: 
The Bvy Back wllt help the Company to <etvm surplus cash to its shareholders 
holcfing Equity ShOie, broadly in proportion to their sharehold ing, 1hereby. enhancing 
lhe overaJI retvm to the s.tu:ueholders.; 
The Buy Back. which is being implemented throvgh the 'Tender Offer' as prescn'bed 
under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, would involve allocmion of 15% of number 
of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buy Back or number of Equity 
Shares entitled as pe, lhe shareholding of Small Shareholders, whichever is higher. 
to SmaD Shareholders. The Company believes lhat Uus reservalion of 15% fOf Small 
Sharaho1ders would benefit a large number of pubfic shareholders. who would get 
classified as --sm.au Shareholder; 
The Suy Back may help in improving relutn on equity due to r8dueb0n in lhe equity 
base,, thereby leading to king tetm lncreas& i,l sharehold8' 's vatue: 
The Boy Sack wUI help ill achieving on optlmal capital s.tructure. 
The Buy Sack g/Ves an option to ltle shareholders he>Jd1ng Equity Shares of the 
Ce>mpany, lo Mher (1) choose to participate ano gel cash in lleti of Equity Shares to 
be accepted unde1 the Buy Sack. Offer or (Ii) choose lo not participate and enjoy a 
resultant increase in their percentage sharehC>kling, posi lhe Buy Back Offet, wilhovt 
addioonal investment , 
Ma.xlmum amount requited for Buy Back, It$ percentage of the total paid up 
Equity Share ~pita! and free ,eserves and the source of funds from which Bvy 
Back would be fina.nced 
The maximum amount required under the Buy Baell. win be no! exceeding t 3,000 
Millions (Rupees Three Thousand Miliions only) excluding transaction costs incurred 
oc to be inct1rred tor the Buy Back, being 21.08% and 13.80% of the a,ggregate of the 
total paid,-up Equity Share capital and Free Reserve,s of the Company based on the 
latest Standalone and Consotidated Audited Financial Stat8m8t\ts or ttle Company 
r&Sp&cllv8fy as at Man::h 31. 2025 (being tM dale of the latoS1 availabl~ AudilEld 
Standalone and CoosOlldated FIMncla.l Statements of the Company), 
The Suy Back would be made out of ftoo reserves of tho Company. Tho Company 
shall trans-fer from its free rese<ves or secu1itles premium account and/or suc1, 
sources as may be pe<mltted by taw a sum eq1>al to lhe nominal value of lhe Equity 
Shares be>ught back through the Buy B&ek to the Capital Redemption Reserve 
Aooou-n1 ancl the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent avdited 
balance sheet, The payments shall be made ovt of the Company's 01.111ent surplus 
and/or cash balances andfor currenl Investments and/or CtlSh available from internal 
r$0Vrces of the Company and (and not from any borrowed funds} and on sooh tem1$ 
and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time al its absolute discretion . 
The Compa.ny confirms that as required u.nder Section 68(2)(d) of the Act, the ratio 
of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company, if any, shall 
be not more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and Free Reserves after the 
Buy Sack and that it has got sufficien! soUice to pay-off the conskieration towards the 
Buy Back and WOUid ~ bOn'OW funds for tile said puf'P0$8. 
Buy Back Price at which shares are propo$8d to be bought back and basis of 
dolormlning the Buy Back Price 
The Equity Shares OC the Company arc proposOO to be bOught bacl< al a buy back 
p<ice off 4 .500/-(Rupees Foor ThoUS{lnd Five Hundted only) per Equjty Share. The 
lwy Back P<lce has been a,rtveef al after coosloe,!ng various factors iflcluding tlul 
not t!mlted io lhe volume weighted average prices C>f 1he Equity $hates traded on 
the SSE and NSE Where the Equrty Shares are fisted, the net worth of the Company, 
ptice earning:$ ,atio, Impact on other financial parameters and lhe possil)f,e impaQ of 
Buy Back on lhe eamin9s per share. 
The Buy Back Prioe repres-enti premium of i) 7.71% and 7.70% over the volume 
weighted ave~e market pc'ice of the Equity ShAreson SSE and on NSE,respP.Ctively, 
during lhe one month preceding October 17, 2025 (the date of intimation to the 
Stock Exchanges for the Board Meeting to consider lhe proposal of the Buy Back}, 
ii) 11.28% over the volume weighted average market prioe of the Equity Shares on 
each of the Stock Exchanges. for two weeks preoeding October t 7. 2025 (the date 
of intimation to the Stoett Exchang&s for the Board Meebng to consider th8 pro,posal 
or tl'I& Buy Bacl<) anct iii) 1.24% Md 1.20% over tl'le closing pl'i08s on BSE and 
NSE ,especllvely as oo OctoMr 24. 2025 (the date ol Board moeUng approving 
the Buy Back) and Iv} 1,456.49% Md 815.62% lo the Company 's bOOk value per 
Eqully Sha,es off 289.111· and t 491.47/-respectivety , pre buy back. based on the 
13test stanOOtone and consofiefated avd1tecl finanoiat stotement of the Company 3S al 
March 31, 2025. 
The Board/Buy B&ek Committee may, 1 (one) wortdng day prior IC> !tie Record Dal&, 
increase 1he Bvy Sad( Price and c.lecrease the number of Equity Shares proposed 
to be bought back under the Buy Back. such lhat there ts. no change in the Buy 8ack 
Siie, in term$ of Regulation 5(via) of the SEBI Buy Bade Regulation$. 
Maximum number of shares that the Company proposes to Buy Back 
The Company proposes lo Buy Back 666,666 (Six Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six 
Hundred Sixty-Six) fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/· (Rupees 
Ten only) each of the Company or lesser. depending upon the final buy back price 
determined by the Board/Buy Back Commd1ee in tmms of Regulation S(via) of the 
SEBI Buy Back Regulations. Furthm. proposed Buy Back of Equity Shares of uJ)to 
666.566 (Six Hundred Sixty Six rI1ousand Six Hunared Sixty Six) rep;esenos 1 .~0% 
of th8 total number o, e:~uity Shares in th8 total paid up Equity Shar& capital of thQ 
Company as on the dale of Publle-AnnouJ lC&ment Md 1 .40% of the total numbar of 
Eqully Shares In lht' total paid up Equ)ty Share capi1a1 of lhe Company as on March 
31. 2025, which Is wlthin 25% of total number of outstanding Equity Shares of the 
Ce>mpany. The Buy Back Is proposed tC> be completed withln 12 (twelve) monlhs of 
the date of special resotulion approving the proposed Buy Back. 
Method to be adopte-d for the Buy Back 
The method to be acfop1ed for the pvrpose of Buy 8aofl. $hall be through 1he Tender 
Offer route through Stock Exchange mechanism as prescribed onder the SEBI Buy 
Back Regulations and cir«ila-rs issued thereunder, including the *Mechanism for 
acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange" notified by SEBI Circulars or such 
othe, mechanism, for the Buy Back through Tender Offer route, as may be applicable. 
Details of shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personne l and Person in Control of the Company and details of 
transac.tions in the Equity Shares 
The agg,egat& sMrehokhng. of the PtornotOf aod Promote< Group. Dir8ctotS. Key 
Managerial P8tsonne l a.no P&rsoi, in ConlrOI of m1:t Company in lhe Com,:,any as on 
lM date of lhe Posl.01 8a1101 Notico. being October 24. 2025. ls as foJlows; 
S:b.anllu1ldlag Q( f:[!2:IDQl!U and f:H.!ali!:hlt GmHR Dlm!r:l2CI .iad e1ms2a la 
,gotcgl gf lbs: i;SIIDRiDX: 
Sr. Name Category No. of Equity % 
No $harts. held Shareholdlng 
1. Priyadarshan Promoter and 12,794.858 26.85 
Mundh.ra Exeootive Oirector 
2. AnjanMalik Promoter and 12,789,553 26.84 
No1►E.xecvtfV-e Director 
3. VijayKumar 
Mundhra PrOfOOter Group 31,239 0.07 
4. Supriya Modi Promoter Gloup 24,262 0.05 
5. Shweta Mundhra Promoter G{oup 438 0.00 
6. PawanMa bk. P,Of'OOtef Group Nj Ni 
7. Kapil Jain Managing Oirect0< & 
Group CEO Ni Ni 
8. Shailesh Kekre Non~Executive Ni Ni 
IM!4'8Jlden t Director 
9. Srinjay Sengupla Non-Executive Ni Ni 
lndopeoden l Director ,o Naresh Chand Non~Executwe N,1 NI 
Gupta lnd8')&0den t Oimcto, ----11. Navalblr Kum~ Non~Executtve N~ Ni 
lndepe-nden t Director 
12 BolaC Non--E.x.ecuttve NII NII 
Deshpande lndependen l Director 
13. Amit Ma.Jmvdar Non-Executlvt, Ni NII 
Independen t Director Sh h ldl 3rg 2 ng o •x 3f!l!9fl:t a trfiSUJng " f K M I IP 
Sr. Name Category No. of Equity % 
No. Share, hold Shatoholdlng 
1. Snnlvasan Chief Financial Officer 19.000 0.04 
Nadadhvr 
2. Prat!k BhanusnoJI VP-Leg,il & Company 295 0.00 
Secretary 
Excepl as stated above. ne>ne of me Oirectora ot Key Managenal Pef'SOMel of the 
Company holds any Equity Shwes in the Company. Further. none of the member of 
Promoter ,nd Promote, Gcoop of the Company are cocporate bodieslco mpanles. 
1.2. Except as provldeef below. no Equity Shares of the C<impany have been purchased/ 
sold by Promoters and Promoter Group, Oirecton>, Key Managenal Personnel and of 
persons vl'ho are in cootrol of lhe Company du,lng the period of six months preoeding 
lhe date of the Board Meetl"9 at which lhe Buy Soci< was approved and the date of 
the Postal Ballot Noiice, being Octobe, 24. 2025: 
Sr. flame Aggregate Nature of M.a,dmum Datt of M.lnlmum Date of 
No. No.of transa,cOon P,Jce por Maximum Price per Minimum 
E,juity E<i•ity Price Equity Plice 
Shares Sharell) Share (fl 
purchased 
or$Old 
I S~riy• 3 Sale 3.&17.00 ~ly30, 3.847.60 July 31), 
MotJ 2025 2025 
(Promolet 
Grouol 
2 V-iay 71 B<ly 3.605.81 June 12. 3,480.67 Jllle 02. 
Ki.mar 2025 2025 
MuMhra 
(Promoler 
Grouol 
3 Prati< 45 B<Jy 4,255.00 September 4,249.00 Seplember 
81ian""1ai 08, 2025 08,2025 
(VP• 
legal& 
Company 
Seaetarvl 
8. Intention of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company to tender Equity 
Shares for Buy Back 
8.1. In tenns of !he SEBI Buy Back Regu1aliorn:. , under the Tender Offer route, the 
Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company have an option to participa!e in the 
Buy Baek. In this ,egard, U1e Promoter and Promot&r Group at lhe Comp.any have 
expressed 11\eir intonliO<I of not parlieipaling "' the Buy Back vide their lettets dclted 
Octob&r 21. 2025 arid October 23. 2025. Acc0tding1y. the dtsdosures as reqult8d 
as per parngraphs (viii) to the Schedule I of tile SE81 Bvy Back Regulations are 001 
applk:able . 
9 ConRrmatlo"s from the Compl'.lny as po, the provisions of the SEBI 8uy Back 
R.cgulatlons and tho Act 
The Company confirms that 
9.1 Alt Equity Share-$ for Bvy &ck are fully paid-up; 
9.2. The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other se<::unt~s from lhe date 
of the Board Meeting including by way of boous issoe till the expiry of the Bvy Back 
period Le. date on which the payment of oonsideration to shArehokle rs who have 
accepted the Buy Back is made in 8000rdance with the Act and the SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations: 
9.3. The Company shall not raise further capital fOf a period of ooe year lrom the expiry 
of u,e Buy Back peood i.e. the date on which the payment of consideration to 
Sl'lar8h0kl&r'\S woo hav& accop!OO tM Buy Sack Offer is made except in disd'latge of 
subSisling obligations: 
9.4. The Company shall not Buy Back Its Equity Shar&s or other speclflod securities 
from any pe,so,, thre>ugh ocgotiot<.xl de.al whether on or otr the StOdt Exchanges or 
through spoc transaclions °' through any private af'l'angemMt In the lmplementalloo 
of the Buy 8ac:I(.; 
9 5. The 8uy Back Size I.e. t 3,000 Ml1lloos (Rupees Three Thousa.nd Mi!llons e>nly) does 
not exceed 25% of the aggregate paid·vp Equi1y Share capital and free reserves 
(lnduding securities premium aooounl} as per the IMest available Stand&Sone and 
Cons-of.idated Audited Financial Statements of the C()mpany as on March 31, 2025; 
9.6. The maximum numbef of Equity Shares proposed co be bought back under the Buy 
BtlCk will not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital of the Company: 
9. 7. There are no pending schemes of ama)gama6on or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Act ( .. Scheme") involving the Company, and no public announcement 
of the Buy Sack shall be made du1lng pendency of any such Scheme: 
9.8. TM company shall not mak& any further offer of Buy Back Within a pertoef 01 one 
year redc.oned from lhe expiry or tile Buy Back pc,flOd i.e. date on whieh the paym&nt 
of oonsideratlOf'I to sharehOlda,s wile have accepted Iha Buy Bad<. Offer Is made: 
9.9 The CompanyshaJI not wi1hdraw the Buy Back Offer afl.er the public announceme n, 
of the Bvy Back Offer is made; 
9.10. The Company shall oomply with the staiutory and regulatory timelines in re1Pect of 
!he Buy Back in sooh manner as prescn1>ed under the Act and/or the SEBI Boy Back 
Regulations end any other applicable laws: 
9.11. The Company shall not utilize any money borrO'Ned from banks or financial institutions 
for the pu,pose of Buy Back of its Equity Shares: 
9.12. The Company is in compliance with the provis.ans of Sections 92. 123, 127 and 129 
Of the.Act 
9.13. Ther& are no e1ef.aults (either in tM past or subSiSting) in lhe ropaymont of deposils. 
lnt8f'~st paymenl tMreon, r8demptkln of debMtutes or Interest paymMt thel'OOf'I or 
,cdcmp(ion of p<cferMce shares °' payment of dMdcs,d due to any sh.orcholdor . or 
,epayment of any term loans or Interest payable 1hc<eon to any financial U'lstitutiOn or 
b&.nking ce>mpany; 
9.14. The Ce>mpany wm not Buy Back Eqvlty Shares which ore k>d<.ed~ln 0t non. 
transferable. unlJI 1he pendency of such lock-in. or until tt'ie Equity Shares become 
transferable. M applicable, during the period between the date of opening and 
ctosing of the Buy Back Offer: 
9.15. The ratio of the ~gregate of SeQ.lred and un$8cured deb1s owed t)y the Company, 
if any, after the Buy Back shall not be more than twice its paid-up capital and free 
reserves, based on the latest available. Audited Standa)one and Consolida ted 
Financials of lhe Company as on March 31, 2025, whichever sets out a lower 
amount; 
9.16. The Company shall transfer from rts free reserves or secwities premium acoount 
a:nd/o, such sourC8$ as may b8 penntt100 by law. a sum equal to the nominal value of 
lhO Equ1ly SharM pul'Chas&d through the Buy Baek lo lh& capital redemption reseive 
account and tM details of such traosfor shaU b& diSdOs8d In its subsequent audited 
flnMcial slatCJ"llMts; 
9.17. The sMreholders. ,esoluuon approving the Buy 8oc:k wlll t>e valid fO! a ma.x.'tmum 
petlod of C>ne year from the Cl.ate of possmg the shareholdets resOlutlon (C>r 
such extended period as may be permttted under tne Act Of the SE.Bl Buy Back 
Regutatie>ns), The exact time table fe>r lhe Buy Sack shall be decided by the 8uy Back 
Committee within the .above time limits; 
9:U). The Equity Shares bough! back by the Company will be compulsorily extlngvlshed 
and wil not be held for rei$$Vance; 
9.19. The Company shall not directfy or iodi,ectly purchR"Se its own Equity Sh,res or olhf".t 
specified securities: 
a) through any subsidiary company indudmg its own subsidiary companies: and 
b) through any investmen t company or group of investment companies: 
9.20. The Equity Sh.ares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and/or 
physically desltoyad as may ba app!icabl6 in tha manner prescnbed under the SEBI 
Buy Bad< Regulations and too A.cl wilhin 7 (Sev&n) woriung days of th8 date of 
paytnoot of oonsideration to Eligible Shat8hokler'\S who have toodered the Eciuity 
Shares ui,der the Buy Sock. Offer: 
9.21. As pe:r Regulatloo 24(1)(e) 01 lhe SE81 8uy Back Regutatie>ns . the Promoret and 
members of Promoter Gtoup. andfor their associates. shalt nol deal In the Equity 
Shares 0t other specified securtltes of lhe Company ellher lhrough 1he Stock 
Exchanges o, off-market transactions {induding inter~se 1ransfer of Equtty Shares 
among the Ptomc,t,er and members of Promoter group) from the date of the p3$$/ng 
the special resoh;tloo till the date of closing of lhe Bvy Back Offer, other than 
participatio n in the Buy Baok; 
9.22. The statements contained in aD the relevant docvmen1s in relation to the B~,y Back 
shall be true, materiat and factual ;:and shall not cont,11in any misstatements or 
misleading information: 
9.23. The Company shall Buy Baek the Equily Shares held in physical form from Eligible 
Shareholdeis in terms of SEBI circular no. SESVHO/CFO/CM01/CIRIP/202Dl144 
doled July 31, 2020; 
Contd. 
9.24 The Buy Sack $hall not resutt in .;Selis.ting of the Equity Shares from the Sto<:t 
Exchanges: 
9.25. The Buy Beck would be subject lo the condition of maintaining minimum public 
sharehold!ng requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of IJ'le SESI l.isting 
RoguJations: 
9.26. The Company shall not Buy Back out of the p1oceeds of an earlier issue or the 
same kind of shares or same kind of other specified securities: 
9.27. As per Rogula!lon S(l)(e) and Seh<!dule l(XII) ot the SEBI Buy Bad<. Regulations. It Is 
confirmed thal there is no breach of any covenants as per the lenders agreements 
on the loans taken and the oonsent of the leflders In this regard has been obtained 
by the Company; 
9.28. The letter of offer with the tender focm shall be dispatehed to Eligible Shareholders 
within 2 {two) work;ing <lays from lhe Record Oate 
1 O. Confinnations from the Board 
10.1. The Boa1d of Directors of the Company has confirmed (hat it has made a full 
enquiry into the affairs and pros.pects of the Company and after 1aklng into accounl 
the flnanclal position of the Company Md also consk:lelfng. all contingent llabilUes. 
the Board has formed the opinion: 
a) That immedia1ety following the date of lhe Board Mee6ng helcS on October 
24. 20'15 approving 01$ Buy Baek and lhe date on wt\ieh U\e msuns of tho 
Sharehotders' resolution by way of postal ballo1 with regard lo the Buy Bae« 
are declared, there wi• be no grounds on which !he Company can be found 
unable to pay Its tlebls; 
b} Thal ~s regards the Company's prospects for the yeat immediately following 
the date of lhe Board Meeting held on October 24, 2025 approving the Buy 
Back and the date on whieh the results of the Sharanold&r'$ ' (M()lulioo by way 
of postal ballot with regard fo the Buy Sack are dedared, and having regard 
to Boarcfs Intentions wl1h respect to the managemen t of the Company's 
business duritlg that y~r and to the amount and cllamcter of the linaneial 
resources which will, in the Board's view, be available to the Company thal 
yea.r, the Company will be able to meet its lijtbflltles as Md whM they tao due 
and will not b8 raodered insolvent within a periOd of one year from the date of 
the 80,ard Meeting 1;!:pproving lhe Buy Back and the dtile on which the resutts 
of the Sha.reflo-Jclers ' resolution by way of postal balkll with regard to the Suy 
Back are declar8d: 
c) In forming the opinion Aforesaid, the Board hAs tAken into account the 
llabM;es as 1f the Company ts being. wound up unde< the provisions of 
th8 COffipanies Act. 2013 and the 11\SOl\leney and Bat1.ktuptcy Code. 2016 
{in,c;,luding prospective :md contingen t liAhilities}. 
11. Report addresHd to the Board by th♦ Stntutory AudilOI'$ of the Company 
on PenniS$ible Capital Payment and Opinion formed by Directors rogarding 
Insolvency 
11 1, The le>ct of the Rep0tt dated October 24. 2025 ,eceived from Prloe Waterhouse 
Chartered Aooountants LLP. StalulfJf'Y Auditors of the Company. addr~d to tha 
Boa.rd i:s. reproduced below: 
l2l'2li 
The Board of Directors 
Mis. eClerx Services limrted 
Sonawala Buildfng, 1u Floor. 29 Bank Street, 
Fort. Mumbai- 400 023. Maharashtra. India 
Statutory Auditors• Report on Buy-Back of Equity Shares pursuant to 
th• requirement of Schedule I to Stcurillts and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy~Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 as amended (the "Buy-Back 
Regulations"') and Section 68 of the Companin Act 2013 (the "Act") 
1. This report Is ISS-ued in acc0<dance Wlth our engagemen1 letter dated October 24. 
2025. 
2. We have been engaged by eClerx Services Limited (the 'Company") to perform a 
re.asonabte assurance e.ngagemen l on determinalk>o -Of tl1e amoUJU o1 pemt4ssibre 
capital payment as detailed in the accompanying Statement of Permissible Limit 
or Capital Payment ("Annexure I") in oonnection wi1h lhe proposed buy-back (the 
"buy-back .. } by the Company of tts equltySha,es In pursuance of Sections 68 and 70 
ol the Act read wilh Rule 17 of Companies (Share Capital and Oebenttlres) Rules, 
2014 {including statutory modifications thereto Of re-enac,me nts thereof for the 
tknc being In fo,cc) and the regulations as specified !n lhc Buy-bad< RcguJatlons ' 
and on the opinions exprnssed by the Board of Directors ot the Company. as 
required under the Buy-bade Regulations . The proposal for lhe buy-back is s.ubject 
to the approval of shareholders of the company. We have loitlallod the Anooxurc I 
for identification purposes only. 
Board of Director$ Responsibility 
3. The Board of DiroctoN; or the Company Is ,es.,onslble for the follow\ng: 
i} The amount of capi1al paymen1 for the buy-back is property de1ermined wi1h.in 
the permissible capital payment limits computed lo accordance with 1he Ac1 
and tho Buy-back Regut.ations : 
ii) It has made e ful inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and 
has formed the opinion on a reasonable grounds that the Company. having 
re,gard to its stat~ of affairs, will I,ot be reoder&d h,solvont within a period of 
one year from the date of the Board fv1eeting approving the buy-back (the 
'Board Meeting") and 
lif) A OOCU'lrauon iS signed by at l&ast two Directors of the Compa,~y thal the 
Board of Directors has made a full inquiry into the affairs and prospeo1s of 
the Company a11d has formed lhe opinion on a reasooable grounds that the 
Company, having ,agatd to tts st.ale of affairs. will 001 b8 rM®reCI insolvent 
,,•ithin a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting and in forming 
the opinion, it hM taken into aoooun1 the liab€1ities as if the Company was 
being wound up undElf tne provisions of me Act. 
iv} The Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring that 1he Company 
complies with Ule requirements of Ule Ae1 a.nd the Buy~back Regldations . 
Auditor'& Retponsibility 
4. Pursuant to the requiremeni of the Buy-back Regulations , it is our responsibility to 
obtain reasonable assurance on the following "Reporting Criteri.a•· 
wh.ether we ll.ave inquired i1)to Ule state or affairs or th8 Company in ,elation to 
its audited standafone and oonsoodated financial statements for the year ended 
March 31, 2025 
ii. whether thQ amoont of capital payment for th8 buy•baek. as menliOOed tl'I the 
Statement, is within the permissible limi1 computed in accOf"danoe with the 
provfsions of Sectton 68 o.f tne Act and Buy•baek Re,g1Jlattons based on audited 
standalone a11d consolidal8d financial statements for the ye.ar ooded Mard'I 31. 
2025; 
!II, \Vhelher the Soard of Directors has formed the opinion, as specified &fl Clause 
(x} of SCheduJe I to the Buy.back Ragu·iations. on c8asonable> grounds that the 
Company, having regard to its stflte of affairs, will not be rendered insolvenl 
wllhin a pe<iOd Qf QOe yeer from 4ale Qf lhe 6Qllr4 M<X>Ur>g held Qn OctOOe< 24, 
2025. 
5. A reasonable assurance engagemen t invotves performing proc;edvres to obtain 
sufficient appropriate evklence on the Reporting Criteria. Tile procedutes selecled 
depend on thtt auditor's judge.maot. Including the assessment of the dsks a~soc:iatad 
with the Reporting Criteria. Wilhin the a<:ope of our work, we performed the following 
procedures: 
I} Exammed authorisation fOf buy•back in the Artides of Association of the 
Company: 
II) Examllled ttlat the amount of capital payme,,1 for the buy•back os detoUed In 
Annoxure I is within the permissible limit computed m accordance with the 
provisions of Section 68 of the Act and Buy.t,a(:lc Regulations ; 
Ill) Examined that the rattO of lhe debt owed by Ille Company. If any, Is not m0te 
than twice the capital and free reserves alter such buy-back; 
iv} Examined that all 1he equity shares f0t buy-back are fully paid-up; 
v) lnqu1ted into the stale of affairs ot the Company In relation to its ai>dtlecl 
standalone 11nanciaJ statements and consolidated financial statements as al 
and for the yea.r ende<I Ma.rch 31. 2025; and examined bvdge1s and p<Ojections 
ptepared by the MMageme1l t 
vi} Obtained and examined the minutes of lhe meeting ol the Board of Directors 
in which the p<oposeci buy•b&ek was app<oved 3:nd read that the Board of 
Olrec10<s has rocmect the oplmon as specified In clause (X) of Sctte<Jule I of 
the Buy-back Regulations , on reasonable grounds that the Company having 
regard to ii$ state of affairs will not be rendered lnsolven1 wiltun a pe,iod of one 
yoa, trom date ol thc Soard Meeting. 
vii) Traced !he fair valua!ion of assets and liabilities from underlying books ol 
ae<;0u:nt audited by us for 1he year ended March 31, 2025. 
viii) ExamHlcd Directors· doclatallons lor !he purpose ol buy-back and sotv<incy of 
the Company; and 
Ix} Obtainecl appropriat.e represe<itations from lhe Management of the Com~ny 
6. We. COllductOO our tlXMllr\i'Jllon In accordanco w,U, the 'Guldanc& Noto on Reports 
or Ce<tfficates for Special Purposes· (the ~Guidance Note~) issued by th.e lnsti1ute of 
Chartered Accountants of India r1CAJ"). The Guidance Note requires that we, oomply 
with the ethical requlreme,us of the Code of Eth1es ,ssued by lhe ICAI. 
7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SOC) 1, Quall1y Control for fl(ms fl\at Pertorm Audl1s and-RevievJS 
of Hlstotical Flnancia1 lnfo,mauo., . aoo Olhor Assurarlce and Related Services 
Eng.agements . 
8. The Audited Standalone ancl Consolfdated Financial Statements referred to in 
paragraph 5 (v) abOve. have been audlt8d by us on wttich WI) tssu&d ao uM,Oditi&d 
audit opinion vide our reports dated May 14, 2025. Our audit of these financial 
statements was conducted in accordanoe with the Standards on Auditing specifie<I 
under Section 143(10) of Ille At:J. and othe, applicable authoritative pronou~m,ents 
issued by the ICAI. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the frnaJldal statements are free of 
mate~I misslatMlEtOl. Our audits were nol planned a.nd performed In coooocuon 
with any transaction s to identify matters thal may be of potential interest to third 
parties. Opinion 
9. As a result of out pel'fomiancc of tile afo,cmcnUOOcd ptocodurcs , We report that: 
i. We have inquired into the slate of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited standalone a11d oonsof.C,a ted financial statemenis fOf year ended 
March 31. 2025: 
ii. The amount of capi!aJ payment for the buy-back, as mentioned in the Annexure 
I, is within the permissible lim~ computed In accordance with the provision$ of 
SecbOn 68 of th& Act and Buy•baek Regul.atlons bati8d on au<!l!ed standalone 
and coosotidafed financial statements for the year ended March 31. 2025. 
respecilve ly: and 
iii. The Board of Directors has fomlE!d lh& opinion, as s.pe,clfled In Ctausf3. (x) 
of Schedule I to the Buy-back Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the 
C<,mpa,ny having regard to its s.tate of affairs will not be rendered msolvent 
willlln a pertod of one year from date of the Boatd M~eung hold on October 24, 
2025. 
Restriction on Use 
10. Our obiigauo,,s in resp&el of this ,eporl a,e enlire:ly sepam10 from. and our 
respoosibility and liability is in no way <;;hanged by, any other role we may have or 
may have had as auditor of the Company or otherwise. Nothing In this repon. nor 
anythi~ sa,d or done in the course of or in connoc:lion wilh the services that are the 
sub;ect of this report, will extend any duty of care we have °' may have had in our 
capacity as auditoe of the Company," 
11. This report has been issued at the tequestof trie Boal'd of Oir8ClOI'$ of lhe Company. 
to whom if is addressed, solefy 
(i) for inclusion in the explMatory siatement to be annexed to the postal balklt 
notk:e of tile Company: 
(ii) for inclusion in the Letter of Offer and Public Announcement to be made to the 
shareholders of the Company; and 
(iii) filing with (a) lhe Minis-tty of Corporate Afl'aits on its d&Sig.natM wtlbsite. the 
Securities and E.xchange Board of India. the BSE Limited and the National Stock 
Exchange of lndl3 Uml;ed; (b) the National $8Q.lritles Depository Limited and 
~nttal Dapositocy Services (India) Limited f0< tM purpose of extinguishm<mt 
of equity sha.res; (c} the Au1horised Dealer B;mk, as authorised by the Soard 
of Directors, for the plJfpose-of capital payment: and,(d) ro, prow:llng. to the 
manag81 to the buy•baCk appointed by Iha Company. in coModion with 
the proposed buy•back of the Company's equity shares to oomply with the 
requirements of the Suy•back Regulatioos , 
12. Our report shOuld not be used ror any othflr purpose. Pri.oe W.ato,house Chartered 
Accountants LtP doe$ not aocept or ~ssume any liability or duty of care for ,any ottier 
purpose or to any othe< person. other than ttle Company. 
POOi:! Waterhouse Chartered Acoountanls LLP 
Firm RegJslrntion Number: 012754NIN500016 
Neeraj Sharma 
Partner 
Membership Numbe,: 108391 
UDIN: 25108391BMMJHK9712 
Place: Pvne 
D.ate: October 24, 2025 
Statement of determination of the amount permissible capital payment for 
proposed buyback of equity share, In accordance with section 68 (2)(c) of the 
Act and tho Rogulatlons basod on tho audited standalone .and cons-0lldatod 
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025 
(tin million) 
Particulars as on March 31. 2025 Amount Amount 
a$ per &$ per 
s.tand.:iton• consolld.:sted 
financial financial 
Statements statement$ 
Paid op equity share capital A 469,60 469,60 
Free reserves at per Section 68 of 
the Act 
Securities premium B Nil Nil 
R&talood eami1lgS C 13.777.22 21.320.68 
Less: Adjuslrnents as per definition 
of free reserves a, per $e:Clion 2(43) 
oitMAel 
Unrealised forejgn exehange gain NY Nil 
Change In c(urying amovnt of asset 
or a JiabJHty measured at faJr value 17.88 19.29 
Daf&rrad tax on djffef9nc& betwaen N/1 33.47 
estimated gain to employees on 
exerclsmg of sroek op6ons 
D 17.88 52.76 
Total free reserves E=(B-+ 13,759.34 21,267.92 
C·D) 
Total pa,d up capital Md free F•(A+E) 14,228.94 21,737.52 
reserws 
Permissible capital payment In 
accordanc(t with s~n 68(2)(b) 25% of F 3,557.23 5,434.38 
of the Act (25% of the total paid-
up Equity Share capital and free 
t&Serves) 
Noto. Maximum amount penrutted by the Boal'd Resolution dated OctOber 24, 2025 
approving buy back of equity shares of eClerx Service-s Limited i-s t 3,000 Miftions. 
Signed for identification by 
For Price W3terhousc Ch3rtered AccountMts U.P 
ICAI Firm Reglstrotlon Number: 0127$4N/NS00016 
~ 
12. Prior A9prov3l.s from Lenders For eClerx Seivices Limited 
Pr:itlk Bhanushall 
VP•L..egal & Comp;:,.ny 
Secretary 
12.1. The Company has saootiOoed facilities willl lend8rs. As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and 
Schedule l(xii} of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, ii is confirmed that there is no 
breacf) of any covenants as per tile ienders agreementsl sanC(lon Jetters on !he 
klans sanctioood/ta kon and tM consent of the lendEW'S oo the Buy Baek has been 
obtained by lhe Company, Further, the Comp1tny has ob1r.1ined such Approvals as 
may be required from the lenders pursuanl to the provisions of such facmtles, 
13. Record Date and Shareholder Entitlement 
13.1. As required under !he SEBI Buy Back Regulation$, the Company has fixed 
Weefnesday, Oeoemoer 17, 2025 as the recoed Cl-ate (me "Roco,d Date") for the 
putpose of do.termtning th& ootitl8me.nt and the natnes of the &quity sharehOlders 
who are eligible to l)<lrticip3te in the Buy Back. Th.-e Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back by the Company shat! be divided into two categories viz. (a) rese<ved 
catagu.y for Small ShatahOklars and (b) the genernl ca!~ory for an shareholders 
other than Small Shareholder$ . 
13,2, As requ.red under the SEBI Buy Bxk RegulattOl'ls, the dlsp.ritch of tne letter of offer 
shall be through electronic mode in aocordance with the provisions or the Act within 
two (2) working days from 1he Record Oc1te. If the Company receives a request 
from any Ehgible Sh3tehokler to receive a copy of the letter of offer In physical 
form., the same shall be provtded. 
13.3. As defined in the SEBI Buy Baok Regulqlions. a "Small Shareholder~ is an Eligible 
Sti.a,eholdet who holds Equity Shares having market value. on the basis of closing 
prioe of the Equity Sha,es on the Stock Exchanges, having the highest trading 
volume In respect of such Equfty Shares as on Reoord Date, or not moce lhan t 
2,00.0001-(Rupees Two Lakhs only). 
13.4. In accordanoe with Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations. 15% ol the 
number of Equrty Sh.ares which the Compafly proposes to Buy Back or number of 
Equity Shares entltled as pet the share.holding of Small Sha,ehc)kjers. whichever Is 
higher shall be reserved for the Small Shareholde rs as part of this Buy Back. 
13.5. On lhe basis of the shareholding on the Reoord Date, I.he Company will delennine 
the 61~tltlemtt;1lt of each shareholdet, lndudlog Sn,all Sha,ehok:lers. to tendt:r 
thei.r Equity Shares tn the Buy Baek. This entitlement for each shareholder will 
be calcvlated based on the number of Equity Shares held by the respective 
Shweholdtr °'' tile Record Date aod tile ratio of the Buy Back applicable in the 
category to which such shareholder be5ongs. The final number of shares that the 
Company will purchase from each Eligible ShareholCSer will be based 011 the total 
oumbcr of Equity SllarO:S toodcred. Acc0tdlf~gly. tho COfl'lpany may nol purchase 
all of the Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder . 
13,6. After accepting the Equity Share, tendered on che basis of entitlement. the Equity 
Shares left to be bought back. If any. In one ca1cgory Shall first be a(:(:()ptod, In 
proportion lo the Equity Shares tendered over and above th.eir entitlement in the 
Buy Back by shareholcters in tflat category. and the<ea~er from shareholders who 
have tender&d ove, and above thalr 81ltitleme1u In other catego,y. 
13.7. In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, in order lo 
ens-ure that the same Eligible Sharehokler with muttiple demat accounts/folios do 
not receiv& hlgh,er en1.t1Jemen t under Small Sharehold01 categoiy, th8 Equity Shares 
held by such Eligible Shareholder wilh a common Permanent Aooount Number 
('PAN") shall be clubbed together for determining the allegory (Smal'J Shareholder 
or GM&raJ) aod enltUenwn t und&1 the Bt.ty Back. In ease of join! sharehOld lng, me 
Equity Shares held in ce.ses where the sequence of PANs of the joint shareholders 
is identical s.hall be clubbed together. In case of Eligible Sharehok:lers holding 
Phyt.ical Shares Whettl S&quence ot PAN IS ldw,ucal and wh818 the PANS of all 
joint shareholders are not avaifable, the Regjstrar to the Buy Baclt will check the 
sequence of the names of the joln1 sharehol<f.ers and cfub together the EqtJity 9 
Share$ held in ~ch cases where the $equence of the PANs and the name of 
the joint ShaJOhofdors arc ldcnUCal. The Sharcho!d lng of ltlstltutlona1 1Iwcs-tors like: 
mutual funds, insurance companies, foreign institutional Wlvestorsf foreign portfolio 
investors etc. with common PAN shall not be c:fubbed together fo, determining 
their enlltlement and will be coosldo.red scparatoty. wt'ICrc these Equity Sha.res 
ete held for different schemes/ sub-accoonts and have different demet account 
nomenclature based on informa1ion prepared by Regi!lot<ar to 1he Buy 8a~ as per 
the sharehold$r recoeds recoived from the de.positorles. FurtMr, me Equity Shares 
held under the cafegory of 'clearing members' or ·corporate body margin account' 
01 'corporate body,broker' as pet the beneficial position data as on 1he Record 
Dale wlm convnon PAN are no.I propose)(:! to bo clubbed togelhe1 for datermi1llng 
their entiUemenl and will be oonsidered separately, where these Equity Shares are 
assumed 10 be hekl on behalf of clients, 
13.8. TOO partfdpatlon of the Ellglble SharehOlders in the Buy Back Is voluntary. EllglbI8 
Shareholders may opt to participate, in part or in fun, and receive cash in lieu of the 
Equity Shares accepted vncler the Suy Back. or they nl8y opl not to participate and 
Mjoy a resullant fn<::ceaso lo lhtlir pel'C8ntage Sharef'IOkllf,9. altor the completiOn of 
the Buy Back. without any additional investment. Eligible Shareholders may tender 
a pan of theff enliUement , Eligible Shareholder$ also have the option of tendering 
additiOOal sllarM (over and above their entitlement) and participate in lhe S!lOl'tfall 
created due to non-participation of some other Eligible Shareholders, rf any. tt the 
Buy Back entltlemen1 for any sharehofdeI is not a round number, then the ffaciklnal 
8fltitlemoot shall be igoored for computation of enuuemoot to tendtlf Equity Shares 
in the Buy Badt, 
13.9, The maximum tencler under the Buy Back by any EUgible Shareholdet cannot 
exceoo the numbo, of Equity Shares lleld by the Eligible SharehOklers as on 
the Record Date. In case the Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Shares through 
multiple demat accounts, t.he tencler Equity Shares through lhal de.mat account 
cannot exceed the number of Equity Shams h84d in that respective demat account. 
13.10. The Equity Shares tendered as per the entitlement by the Eligible Shareholders 
as well as aeldltfonal Equity Shares tendered, If any. w!U be 3<::eepted as per the 
procedure laid down in the SEBI Buy Baek Rtlgulations. Etig.ibl8 Shal'$1\0lders will 
receive a letter of offer along with a lender/offer fonn indicating !he entitJement 
of the equity shareholeler for participating In the Bo)' Back EUgible Shareholders 
who have mgistel'ed tll-&i, email kls wrtn the deposit0ti8Sltho Company. shall be 
dispatched the letter of Offer through electronic mea.ns If Eligible Shareholders 
wiSh 10 obtain a physical copy of the Lener of Offer, I.hey may send a request 
to Ule Comp.any or Ro,gistrar al the addross or email id mentioood in th~ Publie 
Announoomenl 
13 11 Oela11ed lnstn,ctklr\S foe part,cipatlon In the Buy Back (lender of Equily Sha,es In 
the Buy Back) as w811 as me 1'$l8Vant seheduJo or activities will also be inctuOOd in 
the Letter of Offer to be sent in due COUl'$e to the Eligible Shareholders. as on !he 
Record Date 
14. Process and Methodology for Buy Back 
14.1. The Buy Back is open to all Eligible Shareholders/beneficial owners of the 
Company, holding EquJlY Shares ettne< in physical .and/or demoterfallz.ed form 3S 
on the Record Date. Ally perSon who doos not hokJ equity shares of our Company 
on the Reoord Date vnll not be eligible to participate in the Buy Back and share$ 
tendered by .SUCh PetSOO(S) sh311 be rejecled. 
14.2. The Buy Back shall be implemented using the hMechanism for acqursition of 
shares through S1ock Exchange~ notified vide SEBI Cim.ila,rs and following !he 
prooedure presctlbed In the Act Met lhe SEBI Buy &ck Regulations. and os m3y 
be detem,ined by the Board (induding the Buy Back Committee authorized 10 
complete the formalities of the Buy Ba(:lc) and on soch terms and conditions as 
may be permitted by law from time to ltme. 
14.3. For implementation of the Buy Sack, the Company has appointed Emkay Global 
Flnanclal Services Limited as the registered brotcer 10 the Company (the 
·company's Broker'") 10 facHrtate the process of tendering of Eqwty Shares 
through the stock exchange mechanism for the Buy Back and through whom the 
purchases and sel!lemenls on account of the SlfY Back would be made by lhe 
Company. The contact de.tails of the Company's Broker are as follows. 
Emkay GlobaJ Financial Services Limited 
The Ruby. 71" Floor. Senapalt Bapat Marg, 
Dadar (West), Mvmba1400 028, Mahara$htra, India 
Tel: +91 22 6612 1212 
Email: ecterx buvhadc@ftmkavOl®O! oom 
Website: YfMY P.ffikayg19bijl.c:9m 
SESI Registration No.: INZ000203 933 
CIN: L67120MH 1995PLC08.W99 
14.4. The Company has rcques1cd SSE. des,gna100 stock exchange ("Oosignatcd 
Stock Exchange/Stock Exchange") to provide the separate acquisilion window 
("Acquisition Window') 10 facilitate placing of sell orders by Eligible Sharehol<fers 
whO wish to t8ncl&r Equity Sha,es In Ule Buy Back. The d8ta1ls of the pla1fofm will 
be specified by the Designated Stock Exchange from time to time. The Company/ 
Regi.:Strar to lhe Suy Back shalt provide the entitlement of Eligible Shareholder to 
l1ldlan Ctearlr.g Corporation UmltOO (''Clearing Corporation'') 
14.5. In the event Seller Member(s) are not registered with the Designated Stock 
Exchange (i.e. BSE) or if the Eltgible Shareholders do not have any stock broker 
then that E.llg!ble Shar&hold&l'S can approach any stock brOker reglst8'8d with lhe 
SSE (with whom they do not have an account) and can make a bid by using quick 
Uflique client code ('UCC") facifrty through !hat stock broker registered wi1h lhe 
SSE aftor submitting the detalts as may be requtr8d by the stock: broker to b8 !n 
compliance with 1he SEBI Buy Back Regulations. In case Eligible Shareholders are 
not able to bid using UCC facility through any other stock broket registered with 
the 08sigr)at8d StOdc Exctiango. ttlen the Ellg1bte Sharonolders may apptoach 
Company's Brol(.er, to bid by using UCC facility after submitting requisite documents 
as requUed to complete the know your client {"KYC'") requirements . 
14.6. Al Ule btlginning of thtl t&ndoring petiOd. the Ord8' (or buying Equity Shal'&S Shall 
be placed by the Company through the Company's Broker. During the tendering 
penod, the order foe selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the Acquisition 
Wtndow by Eligible SharehOtders through thei( f8Sf')8Cbv& stoek brOkel'S ("Seller 
Member(s)") du.ring normal trading hours of the secondary market. The SeDer 
Members can enter orders for Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders in 
dflma:te,ialised form and physical rotni. In th& tendering process, the Company's 
Broker may also process the orders received from the Elrgible Shareholders after 
the ESglble shareholder have completed their KYC requirement as required by the 
Company's Broker. 
14. 7. The reporting requiremenls for non-resident sharehok1ers under Reserve Bank 
of lndla, Foreign Exehange Management Ad, 1999, as amended and any O(her 
rulos. regulations. guidelines. for f'Elmittance, of funds. shall be made by lM Eligible 
Shareholder and/or the Seller member through which the Eligible Shareholder 
places lhe biCfs. 
14.8. Futtller, the Company will oot tiCC8Pt share.s letld&rM fO< Buy Baek which under 
restraint order of the oourt I any othar competen1 authority for transfer / sale and 
/ or 1he title In respect of whJCh iS othe<wlse uoder chs-pute or where loss of Share 
ce,rtificates has bllen notifled to the corni,any and the duplicate sh.arG coflfficate> 
have not been issued eilh~r due to auch r&quest h~ing unde.r procru;s as ~r the 
p,roViSlons of law or othe<wlse. The Compaoy wfll 004 Suy Back Equity Shares, 
which sra lockttd•in or non-trnnsferabte. until the pendancy of soeh IOCk•in, or until 
the Equity Shares become transferable, as applicable, dvring !he period between 
1he dale of openlog and closing of the Buy Back Offer. 
14.9. Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
the dematerialized fom, 
3) Eligibie Sharet'!Olders who desue to tender !heir EQully Sh.ires ,n lhe 
electronic/ demateria lized form under Buy Back would have to do so through 
their re$pective Seller Member by giving the details of Equity Sh9!es !hey 
Intend to tender undet the Buy Sa<:k. 
b) The Seller Member would be required lo place an order.Ibid on behalf of the 
Eligible SharehQlders who wish lo !ender Equi~y Shares in the Bvy Back 
using the Aoqulsitlon Window of the Designated Stock Exdlafl!'.)8 . Foe runher 
details, Eligible Shareholders may refer to the circulars issued by Designated 
Stock Ex<;:1·11;3.nge or Clearing Cocporelion 
c) The deta.lls of the settlement numbe< under whk:h the hen will be marked on 
the Equity ShElfes tendered for the Buy Back will be provided in a separate 
cirwlar to be issved by the Stock Exchanges and/or Clea.ring Corporation . 
d) The lle.n shall be marked by lhe Sel~r Member In the demat account of the 
Eligible Sharehofders for the shares tendered In tender offer. Oetaifs of sher&$ 
marked as lien in lhe demat account or the shareholde r shall be provided 
by the depositories to Cloarlng Corporat101 ,. In case. the Shareholders 
demat account is held with one depository and clearing member pool and 
Clea.ring Corpora1ion aooount is helcJ with other depository , shafe$ shall be 
bk)ckcd In uw:: sharcholcJcrs dcmat account at source dcposito,y du.ring the 
tendering period. Inter Depository Tender Offer ("IDr) instructions shall be 
initiated by the shareholders at souroe ctepository to clearing member or 
Cleating Corpo,ation account at target depository. Source dcposltoty shall 
blocit the shareholder's securities (i.e. transfers fron, free balanoe lo blocked 
balance) end send !OT message to target depository for oonfirming crea1ion 
of hen. Details-of st\ar8$ bloekad In the sharoholdOrs domat aocowu shalt b& 
provjded by the ta.rget depository to the Ck!aring Corporation . 
e) For custodfan participant orders for dematerialized Equity Sha.res, earty 
pay-1Il Is mandato,y prior to confirmation of o,dor/bld by custodians. The 
custodian participant shall either confinn or reject the orders not later than 
closing of ltadlng hours on the last day of 1he tendering period, Theceafter, 
aJI unconflm'18d ordtlfs shall be doomed to be rejected. For all custodian 
participant oonfirmed orders, any order modification shall revoke the 
custodian conffrmatlon and the revised order sh.all be sent to the custodian 
again fOt confirmation . 
f) Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member(s} shall provide Transaction 
Registration Slip ("TRS~) generated by the Stock Exchange' bidding system 
to the Ellgibkl ShatOl'IOlder on vA'lose Mllalf the bid has btl&n placOO . TRS 
wit! contain details of order submitted li:11.e bid ID No., applicalioo number. DP 
ID. dient 10, number of Equity Shares tendered, e1c. tn ca.se of non-:reoeipt of 
lhe compl&ted te()(jer form and other oocumen1s. but li&n matked on Eq01ly 
Shares and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid by sucll 
EligJble Shareholder shafJ be deemed to have been oocepted, 
Contd. 
10 
g) The EIIQible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the depository 
participant ("OP'') account acdve and unblocked, in case of r~asing of lien 
on Equity Shares due to rejections or dua to noo -acceptance of Equity 
Share$ under the Buy Sack.. Further, E)jgfble Shareholders will have to 
ensure that they k8'8p th8 bank account auad'led with tM DP account aclivo 
and updated lo receive credi~ remittance c:fue to acceptance of Bvy Sook or 
Equ-ily Share:s by th& Company. In ease tM Clearing Corpomlion is unabkl 
to make the direct paymenl into Eligible Shareh~ers demat linked bank 
accoutit m&n the respectlvCt payment w!l1 b8 made to their Seller Memb8f for 
further depositing into Eligible Shareholders aooount. 
14.10, Pr«:eduro to be followed by Ellglble Sharoholdon holding Equity Sharo.s In 
the Physical form 
a) AJI Ehglble Shareholdets hokl1n9 the Eqully Shares in physlcal f01m shall 
note that in accordance with the proviso to regulation 40( 1) of the SEBI 
Usbng Reg-uIat1ons (notlfled by the Securllles and E>cehang,e Boa,d of India 
(listing Obligations and Disdosure Requirements) (FoUJth Amendmen t} 
Regulations, 2018}, read with SEBl's pres., release dated Decembe r 3. 2018, 
transfers of securities shall not be prOOBssed unless the securities are hekl 
in I.he dematerialized form with a depository wi1h effect from April 1, 2019, 
However. in aooordanca with Iha SEBJ Circular no. SEBIIHOICFO/CM01/ 
CIRIP/2020/144 dote<! July 31, 2020. ,,,. Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shates in the phys.teal form ate allowed to tender their Equity Shates 
in the Buy Back provided that such tendering shall be as per the provisions of 
me SEBI Buy 8adt RegulaUoos and t8'ms pcov.d8d in Ul8 letter of offer. 
b) Eligible Sh.areholdm who are holdi09 Equity Shares In physical fonn and 
lntQnd 10 participate in the Buy Back wdl be required to apptoach thoir 
respective Seller Member$ along with the complete set of documents 
for vcnflcatlon proccdutcs to be Ci.lrriod out itlCludulg the (i) otlglnal shate 
certificate(s) (ii) valid share transfer form{s) (i.e., form SH--4) duly fined and 
signed by the transferors (I.e. by alJ registered EJlg:iblo Shareholdera b"l same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Company) and 
dvly wllnessed at lhe apptopnate place auIhO<lzl"9 the transfer ,n favour of 
the Company {iii) self-aliested copy of the Eligible Shareholder 's PAN Card 
(Iv) !he Tender Form <:IUly sl9ned (In case lhe Equity Shares are ,n Johll 
names, the Tender Form must be signed by all Eligible Shareholders in the 
same order in whM;h 0\8)' hold the Eqvity Sllares) and (v} any other re-ievan1 
documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including 
board resolution/ spedmen signature), notarized oopy of death oer1ificate 
and suooession certificate or probated wdl. ff the origiMI Sh.al"$hOlder has 
decease<! , etc, as applicable. In edditioo, if the addr8$$ of an Eligible 
ShMlhOldet has undergooo a Change from th8 add(8$$ r&giSlQred in the 
Register of Membecs of the Company. s.uch EHgib!e Shareholder woutcl be 
r&qulred to wbmlt a se:tf-attestecf copy of address proof consisting ot a,,y 
one of the following dooumenta: valid Aadha.r Card, Voter l(lentity Card or 
Passport.. 
c) Based on the documents mentioned in par<ig.raph above, the concerned 
Seller Member shab place tile btd on behalf -Ot the Eligible Sharehotder holdlr)Q 
Equity Shares in physical form who wishes to tender Equity Shares in the 
Buy Sook uSlflg the AcquislUon Window of the Designated S1ock Exchange. 
Upon placing the bid, the Selk!r Member shall provide a TRS genecated by 
I.tie Des;gnated St~ Exchange' bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder, 
TRS will oonLain the delai1s of order submitted like Folio No .. application no., 
Certificate No., Distinctive No,, number of Equity Shares tendered etc. 
d) After placing the bid. the Sat!e, Member of lhe El~ible Shareholde r has 
to deliver the original share cenificate(s) Mcf documents (as men1ioned in 
paragraph 14.10 (b} aoove along with TRS eitOOr by tegiste-roo post or courier 
0t hand delivery 10 Registrar to the Svy Baal (at the address mentioned al 
pamgcaph 16 below) oo or berore tile Buy Back dOsing data. Th8 enveklpe 
should be superscribed as ~ecierx Services Limited • Bvy Back 2025'. One 
copy of the TRS w,:11 be ,eIained by Registrar to lh8 Buy Back. and il will provide 
adcnowled90ment of the same to the Seller Member/ Eligible Shareholder. 
8) Ellg1ble Shareh0Id8' holding Equity Shaces Ill physical f0<m shOuld note 
that physic-al Equity Share$ wiU not be acce-pted unJess the complete set of 
docum~ts are submitted. Acoeplance ot the physlcat E-qully Shares for !he 
Buy Back shall be subject to verification as per the SEBI Buy Bad Regulations 
MCI any further dlteeflons issued In lhiS regard The Registrar to the Buy 8a0: 
will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a daity ba~s. The 
ve,iflcauon of the original Share cerbficate{s) shall be completed on the date 
of receipt by the Registrar to the Buy Back. Once the Registrar to the Buy 
Back conflrm.s the bids. it will be treated as 'confirmed bids'. 
f) All doc.umenls as mentioned above. shall be encfosed with lhe vafid Tender 
FOd'm. otherwise the Equity Shares tencterecl wiD be liable for rejection The 
Equrty Shares shall be liable for rejection on the following grounds amongst 
others: (i) If ,here Is any other company's equity share certificate(s } endosed 
\vith lhe Te0d111r Form in.stead or th& l:<;udy Share oortificate(S) of th8 
Company; (ii) If lhe transmission of Equity Shares is not oompletecf, and lhe 
Equity Shares are not in the na.m8 of the Eligible SMtehOklet'S; {iii} If the 
Eligible Shareholders tender Equ.ity Shares but the Registrar to the Buy Back 
d08$ not recetve lhe EQulty Share C(trtlflcate(s) : (iv) In case the slgnaturo 
on the Tender Form and Form SH-4 does 001 match as per the specimen 
sl91~ature (COOrdcd with Company/ Rogistror to too Buy Back. 
g) In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical 
form for demate<iatization. such Ellglble Shareholders should ensure that tne 
process of getting the Equity Shares dematelial ized is completed well in time 
so thal they can participate In the Buy Sack before the dos,n9 of trading hOut'S 
oo lhe date o( closing of Boy Back. 
h) Fo, EQV!ly Sha.res hel<:t by Eligible Sh8rellOIClers , being non•resldenl 
shareholders: 
I Eligible Shareholders, being non•resldenl shareholders (excluding 
FOf'eign lnslitulion.al inveslots/foreign portfolio inveslors) shall atso 
enclose a copy of the permission received by thern from RBI, if 
applicable. 10 acquita the Equity Shares Mid by th~m. 
BB N""<,fl ,r.,,, .3ff<» efB= 
Centro/ Bonk of India 
~~ .. m;ftm- 01.04.2026>l.cr;l-•""1oil/_$_ 
.irftetu""""'l'il~ ... ,ffe..rmi;fln! , -11- UI/IV/v/VI ~ ~ /-~* •I!;. Ol.04,20261"l 6J.,;,l..,,..,nil ~ -11 --=3 1--08 /12/202Sll-
12/12/202S.,_---~"'¥"""''""1'"""'"""""~ ~ 
,i:<ll~~-"'1ft.->mITT""~®-ati~ , ~~pmt~www.ct ntr-0IOOnk,b.(Jnk,jn cn~t I ---;;, In case the Equity Shares are held on repatnation basis, the nor.­
resident sharehok:ler stiaH obtain anct enclose a letter from its authorised 
dealer /bank conlirming that at tM time of acquiring such Equity Shares. 
payment for the same was made by the non-resident sharehotder 
ftom lhe appropriate aooount {e.g. non-(Mident ext(Hnal account) as 
specified by RBI In It$ $pprov&). In case the non-resJdenl shareholder 
is nol in a position to produce the said oertifltale, tile Equity Shares 
would be deemed to have been acquired on non-repatriation basis 
and In that case the non-resldoot shareholder shall submit a coosent 
letter addressed lo the Comprmy , allowing the Company to make the 
payment on a oon-repatrtatlo n basis In respect or the vaflef Eqully sh-ares 
accepted under lhe Buy Back. 
ill. It any ol the above stated documents (as applicable} ate not enclosed 
along wilh the Tender Form, lhe Equity Shares tendered under the Buy 
8&ek are liable lo be rejected, 
14.11. Modification( cancellation of orders will be a-\lawed du,ing lhe tendering period of 
the Buy Back, Multiple bids made by a single Eligible Shareholder shall be clubbed 
and considered as ·one· bid for lhe purpose of acceptance. 
14.12. The website of the Designated Stock Exchange shall display only confirmed bids 
and accOJdingly. the cumulatrvo quanbty taodered shall be mada avaUabla on the 
website of the Oes.lgnated Stock Exchange {I.e. www bsefndjA com} thfoughou, 
th8 trading sessio11s and will be updat&d at sp,ecilic intervals during the t8Jlef8ting 
pe,ciod. 
14, 13, Method of Settlement 
Upon finalization of the basis of &00eptanoe as per the SEBI Buy Back Regulations: 
a) The setllemen t trades shall bo8 cartl&d out 1n the manoor simllar to somemMt 
of trades in secondary market. 
b} The Comp.any wm pay tile coosldcratlon to the Company's Btol<.or which wlll 
transfer the funds pertaining to the Buy Back to the Clearing Corporation's 
ba.ok accounts as per !he prescnbed schedule. For Equity Shares accepted 
under the Buy Back, the Clearing Corporation will make direct funds payout 
10 the ,espedlve Eligible SMreholCler's bank accounI linked to the demat 
account. If E6gible Shareholders' bank account details are not available or 
if tile funds transfer lnstruC(lon is rejected by RBI/an Etlgl"'8 Shareholoer's 
Bank. due lo any reason, !hen 6l1Ch funds will be transferred lo the concerned 
Seller Members settlemen t bank acooun1 fOf onward transfer 10 I.heir 
respective shareholders. 
c) In case of certain types of Eligible Shatehok1e r i.e., NRI, foreign dients, etc 
wMm thet8 are: specific RBI and oth8r regulatory ruquir0cmeots pertainitlg to 
funds payout. which do not opt to settle through oustodians, the funds pay-out 
would begiV()O to their rospective SelJer MtUnbOrs settlement bank account fot 
onward I1'8J'lsfer to the Eligible Shareholder$. For this purpose, the clienl type 
details woukl b8 collected rrom the Reglstta, to the Buy Back whereas funds 
payout pertainhlg to the bids settled through custocflans will be transferred to 
the setUement bank account of the custochan, each tn 0000,dance with the 
applfcabJe mechanism prescribed by SSE and the Clearing Corporation from 
11metotlme. 
d} The Equity Shares bought back in demat form would be transferred directly 
to the Clemat account of the Company ope()8d tor Buy Back (~Company 
Oemat Account') provided it is indicated by the Company's Stoker or it will 
be transferted by lhe Company's Broker to lhe Company Oemat Account on 
receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing end settlement mechanism of 
the Oesig.nated Stock Exchange, 
e) The Eligible SharnhoSders wlll have to ensure that they keep the OP account 
active and unbk>dced, In case of releasing of fiM oo Equity Shares due to 
cajiactions or due to non -accaptance of Eqwty Shares undar the Buy Back. 
Funher. Eligible SharehQlde<s wil have to ensure thal they keep tile bank 
account attaehed vnth the OP account active and updated 10 reo&iv$ etOdit 
rem1t1anoe dve to acceptance of Buy Back of Equity Shares by lhe Company 
Q Excos.s demo! E(luity Shares Of unaccepted d$mat Equity Shares. if any, 
tendered by the Eligible Shareholders, lien on ~ch shares woulef be released 
by the Clearlng Cotporatton and shall become free In tM r&Spectlvo EllgU>le 
Shart3holder ·s OP account. 
g) In the case of Inter-depository . the C1eaMg Corporation will concel lhe exoess 
or unaccepted shares in target depository . The source depository will not be 
ab}e to release the lien wllhout a release of Inlet DepoMory Tender (IDT) 
Offer message from target depository. Further, release cf IDT message shell 
be sen1 by target depos;tory either based on cancellatioo requesl received 
from the Clearing Corporation or aulomaticalty generated after matching with 
Bid accepted detail as received from the Company or the Registrar to the 
Buy Back. Post receiving the IDT message from larget depository , source 
depository 'MU cancetl release excess or unaccepted block shares ln Ihe 
de-mat account of the Eligible Sharehold 8f. Post completion of tendering 
petiod and receiving the requisite details viz . demaI aooount details and 
accepted bid quantity. source dePosilory shall debit the securities as peer the 
communica!ionf message receive-cf from target depository 10 the extent of 
acc&pted bid sMr&S from EJigible Sh0,eh0Id8' 's Cf811lat account and ctedit it 
to Clearing Corporation settlement .account in target de-po5itory on iettlement 
date. 
h} Any excess physical Equity Shares pursuant to proportionate 8QCept,an.oel 
tojccUon will be ceturood back to tho EUgibkl Shareholder directly by tho 
Registrar to the Buy Back. The Company is authorized to aplil the srnlre 
c:et1iflcate and Issue a oow oonsohda ted share ceftlf1CDte for the unaccepted 
Equity Shares, in case the Equity Shares accep!ed by the Company ate less 
thM the EQully Sh.ares teodered In the Buy Back by Eliglble SMrehofders 
holding Equity Shares in the physical rorm. 
I) The Coml)8ny 's Broker wou'd also Issue a contract note to the Company for 
the Equity Shares accepted under lhe Buy Back. 
j) Eligible Shareholders who lntenct to parbeipate in the Buy Sack should consult 
!heir respeclwe Setler Member fo, any oosl, appl,cable taxes. charges and ex.pens8s (induding brokerage) etc .. that may be levied by the Seiter Member 
upon Ihe selling shareholde<s for tefldering Equtty Shares in the Suy Back 
(s,econdary mart.et 1tansae1ion). The Buy Book. considera tton reooived by the 
EliglbJe Sharelloldets , in respect of accepted Equity Shares, ooulcf be net of 
suc:h costs, appbcabl8 I.axes, Cha(OQS and &xl)«)nses (1nctuding brok.ora{J8} 
and the Cotnpany accepts no responslbility to bear or pay $\ICh adchbonat 
cost, charges and expe~s (indoding brOkerage} incurred solely by th& 
Eligible Sharetl06ders. The Sel)er Member(s} would is.sue contract note to 
E:llglble Shamholoers for the Equity Sha(os accepted under tt\.8 Buy Sack. 
14.14. The Equity Shares lying to the credit of the Company's Oemat Account and 
accepted in physical form wl11 be extinguished In u,e manner and followlng the 
procedure prescribed in the SEBI Buy Back Regulations. 
1 s. Compll:1.nco Officer 
1 5.1. The Board el its meeting held on Odober 24, 2025appointed Mr. Pratik Bhanusha fi, 
VP • Legat & Company Secretary of the Company, as the Compliance Offioer for 
the purpose of the Buy Back rcompliance Officer'). Investors may contact the 
Complianc e Officer for .any clarificaIions or to address their g,levances , If any, 
dunng office hours i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on ail Vi'Orking days excepi Saturday, 
Sunday and public holKlays till the closure of the Buy Back, at Ihe following address: 
Mr. Pratik Bhanushali 
VFqQgal & Com.,any Secretary 
eClerx Service$ Limited 
CIN: l72200MH2000PLC125319 
Regd. Office: Sonawala Building, 1.i Floor, 29 Bank Street, 
Fon. Mumbai • 400 023. Maharasntr.;. lndla 
Phone No.: +91 {22) 6614 8301. Fax No.: +91(22)66148655, 
Em-all Id: investor@eclerx .com, Website: www ect:erx com 
16. Registrar to the Buy Back I Investor Service Centre 
In case of any quENies, shRiehoklers may also contact lhe Registrar to the Buy 
Baek. during offic& hours i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. 01l an workillg days except 
Saturday, Sunday and public holidays till the closure of Buy Sad<, al the following 
odctress: 
KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Contact Person: Mr. M Mur.ali Kri$hna 
Rtgd. Off.: Selenium Tower 8, Plot 31·32, 
Financial District. Nan.akramguda , 
Se-rih:ngampally Manda.I, 
Hyderabad • 500 032. Talangana:. India 
Tel.:• 91-40-6716222 2 
Fax:+ 91-40-67161563 
Toll Free No: 18003094001 
Investor Grievance Email: 
einwa1d.ris@kfintech.com 
Email: ~lec;x buyback2025@k fintech OOm 
Website: ww.y.kfintec h.com 
SEBI Regn. No.: tNR00000022 1 
Validity Period: Permanenl 
CIN: L72400MH20 17PLC444072 
17. Manager 1.0 the Buy Back 
EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Contact Person: Mr, Oeepak Yadavl 
Ms. Heerw Sharma 
Rogd. Off.: The Ruby, 7" Floor, 
Senapati 8apaI Marg. Oad.at•West, 
Mumbai• 400028, Maharashtra. India 
Toi. No.: +91 22 66121212 
Fox No.: +91 22 66121299 
Email Id: eC!erx htwhflck®e mkayqlQhft1 com 
We-bsl1e: WWW Wkf!Y9I0hal com 
SEBI Rogn. No.: INM000011229 
V:iilldlty Period: Permanent 
CIN: L67120MH1995PLC084899 
18. Director's Responsibility 
18, 1. As per ReguJ.atlo,, 24(1} (a) of lhe SEBI Buy Sack Regul.alions. the Soard of 
Directors of the Company ( .. Board") <ilCCe-pls responsibility for the information 
contained in this PubUcAnoounco mont and confirms that this PubbcAnnouncomcnt 
contfUns true, factual and maternll information and does not oont(iin any misleading 
lnformaIion. 
This Public:: A.nnouncemeflt i:S Issued under the auU\Olity 01 me So.ard i,, terms of 
the resolution pas~d by the Boa.rd on October 24, 2025 and by the Buy Back 
Committeo on December 5, 2025. 
For illnd on boh..alf of the Board of Oire~tor$ of eClerx S.rvices Limited 
Sdl• 
Mr, Kapil Jain 
Ma,,ag.q'IO Oire,ctor & 
Group CEO 
DIN: 10170402 
Placo; tond0n 
Date: December 5, 2025 Sell· Sell· 
Mr. Amit Majmudar Mr. Pratik Bhanushati 
Non-ExtCUlive lndel)eodMt VP~ Legal 8, Cetn()31lV 
Director Secretllry 
DIN: 00565425 (ICSI Membership No: F8538) 
Plaoo: MumMi Pfaoo: Mvmbai 
<t; .. :t.., q,1,faf~14...i '<lf<hh, fa!rie .. 
~ ~ ~ ~ 1101, ,ffl ~ ftfir-m, ~ "I. 711t, ~-~. ~ 
~.~~~fa <t ~ llli'l,.-a ~ ~ ~ ~;t P~•t.m+.ea1 ,(if~ ffl 
~ ~ INl.t-1 ~ 20m (2oo2 <1if s,) * mm w«ii ~ ~ (\Ffit-1) ~ 20U .t f.ppy 3 .t; mer~ 
tfRJ 13(12) * \'IMl SR'u ~<A~ <f;1. fi?fif&d 1W1 1J.'r-lt ~ ~ 1'! ~ ~ lf ~ ~ ~ 
'1ftr"'1""1'1'1Wl"l"""'"'-tl"'fir-ll*:im"f"ll;r;(.t-.;~..;i1--*-.illl1'"A~ 
--,;;'l'R--<il<,r-,ffl'IRl1>lw,;;;m.,..,.~-t~!lr..,.f.l1l:il(!m"l)~= 
<t~a.f;'{lt.'l~~,AQRT t3~~}.t~ !R'ro~<fillfliPr~&ti'JMdnfl ~~~ 
~ ;i;i ""'11 l! llt1H I 
._ """'~ -...ftt "" Im'!/ °"""~Mt -,t "''1'1/''llPT ""'1 'l ,oq 1'I ftdlt "" ... (I.) •"" ,,.., """',,i_ FEDSf'NSTl.0532810 (1) ..,n. ...it. ~~ C,)"""" fm; (,r, d<J<): (>) ""-di 
«I !fll<-"'°"""l I,.;,,~ ,ill lllfRf .it. 'llfll: 1""""'25, ..,_ 201"""3/-~ ...e.,""" ~ 
tsffl '11'1 'ff) ~ 1Ql!lf2025 'oil I "5Q ~ l!lfRt ,It, """" 00/12/2025 .iftt ~ """"I '""" 
'ff'lfll '"1 ~ -'ff'lfll ,ht, '< 77, """' 'l 83, 'lftlra oft. filR<1 -m 71//H/1'2e5-15, -,ftou 
~ ,mll,r""' oft. f-;@, wll>ffl-131023, ~,. -""'~ ftl ~ ....tm ~ '111>,rt.,­
¢ 11 ~ ~ ....... 'lftl,..., ~ "11 Oi'lA, ;rm-~ • uP1A, ~ 11 ~ ~ -
CIAUOPSIEOl/202511 EOI NOTICE 
EOI invited from reputed Firms I Agencies for SITC of Aircraft 
and Vehicle I Ground Suppo~ Equipmenl tracking system 
forCIAL. 
Interested firms may submit their application forms on or 
befo,e 31.12.2025. 
For eligibility critena and other details, v,sit our websrte 
www.cial.aero &Ii-Managing Director L ~ ~ (~}. ail'IHII 451-1~ e'tir-t ~ um 1~v1 ilit1.~ n 11~ -t"" t402 21-os-202 1 ~ 
,I/Ill giifl~ (1ii!->;M"<.tm\} ~~ 201.»$ ,R,f ~~ .f NHOAD00000969616) . I <i>".JI .ti \I. (iltml'tfO 
cNHOA000000969616) ~I¼ O"I / u / 'XJ'J5 34.20,87 3/· 
~ tllwfl 'llr,'R ~ :m#i 'f 150C527U8A ) fit:..;-'ffi 
23//10/1/10. 1ir,J;T ~ g:;n, ~ ~ ~ .• 
int. ~"l"t. f.t:A. ~ :Jtr ~ ~ ~~ 1:n10,. 
~(IO ;i,flj,:.f~ .mft~ .Jm ... i;.:ire.~ 
m::n. wt vitfif;:. ;:rn qJl ~. llffr;;t ~;:fl!~ / -iro 
;ift:~03/ 12/202:1 
:-;i1i!Nftc:, ~ >ll~ GG. ,HUI ~4l 002, ~'it !IT~ itfa:I ;.t(,\>:,11 
IWAt ~~ ~ ft«r. ffmll !fJ ;r;R. ~ sr,::w.. 21))301 
i:f-'ll'l'l 92 it'IJ •it1 ~ 111.'n i!•I 1tiil. ~IIPt (ft. ~ 20 '1>1c', 
m;:, ~ ~ 6' . .Jm. mm 16 m. ~ * -m 
66/.-rlitl ((!fit c-2/l2/2C-2!i 18,.03-2025 
"· 23.S.'3.990/-
l7•07·2025 
"· l6.23 ,615/ • ---... 
'-'• ~(s'l)/~~i"'l tll'f~"") ~ '<lit! WJilA ¥~JC Ril IN ·11ui~ Am l)'lfflr t. ~,Otfl' """' 'ml 'I~ ~,;fl\ w-11 {ff 
-ti~ .t"'lf~ A il!tlu~ 30~ ~~ 'Rllf?9Jf;) ~ (l«,fi)..-i~f:1-0'JI~ J: f;\w11 llfl. 9 ;t, 11#,il :aiAI J.,<1ffll ~., f.l11r 
.w{'lll 
-... ttlllOt, -- -,llno,p""' ~-- .,. .. """''· """""" --
In fast or fragile markets , 
insight brings 
perspective . 
D8COd8 maf"ket movas with 
sharp, fast, expen analysis -
every day with Stocks in the News 
In Business Stru"K:tard. 
To book yo.or copy, 
SMS reactibs to 57575 or 
email order@bsmail.in 
Business Standard 
Insight Out ~ ~1l ~ifi4T ~ .'r~ ~ ll~tr iftt~~;,: 'ffi ;t ft:R! 31Pr$ Q.iu ~t :,ft{~ 
ll.o;'it<l_....,..-.oflr.ilill!<R"""'"lloi_,.~---.;!l'IR°$-i1r<n 1""""' -"'--*-~!I"''"""* r..i-.:i- ,, "'<1'1-'lRl(a)* """1Fit ~ -.. 
QA~~,;:;uari 1 --~ 03.12.2025 
Aadhar 
Hou$mg Fin:tnct> l.td 
~ ~ qftfmr" <~~mr) 
o1.-<tll, -~~~ (AHFL) 11, Mlill'!'<I 31fti<1<f,I) >l!a\~¼< R1•~,1)~1.Jt1-i ,~ R~«:<!R ~ ~ <R~ '!"'1~oifq;~ i;mm2002 ._.. ~~ (~) F-1w12002"" 
f.lw! 3 II; w, ~ ""1 13 ( 1 2) II; • . Jm! ~ <m ffl'I ilffil §11 ffl ii; m1lr.pa ~ ~ il'M\n 
~lllflrlt,ao ~ij '1\a"l"'fl'lq!ilft!"1TI""~"""1t,~~® /l&if/t4>ofoff<;1qj,r"lii'fl 
(~)O!Rlall•ft ' ""'""'f<11lliR~""'1 ~ -~ ~. ~~ f.lw!2002ll;f.rQ,i s ll;m,1 ~'3ffl'5T'fl allt!R! 13 t, ml-~ ( 4) It,~ i1Hl1" !la'1 m:r.tif 4i1 ,3qljJ1liR<! ~"""'1!f(®) / ~(J/1) <:<l'<lT'IRlvAl4i\~~4~~;;mnt ~,itif,r<R ~,im,n1!roli111~ ~ ~mi,~ mftrm~,i li<ffi!llil~~1r,!t-t'l'~!l'l>llll>nin~ ,r,1""' 13 4>1'6'!1l>liR < s l 
<); lll<!t<R1 q, .,.,r.,~ "''" e,4 I >;£01-wl lll) flit)~ \,'l ~ ,,,, <ltSRl\lA) .,, <11401f.t4!-(,q « "" '1111~;j\ ~ vm1l ! ~ 
TI<lf.iil;,n'f~~'l~','O~>lilll'l~-aflil~~il;m"'~~;:or.iil;f.l<: Al-!FL>li'J"'l' 
tl?ir,Pl(:l'fl l~~I 
. ll'l"ffl(all)/~(otl) ~,iqflt ~ ("""''R<l1ll) SPl'lj/l'lllOI ~ "' { ......... ) ~11<'1ft ..i~ 
1 (.wi <>l. a. 01400002192 fll1ftt'"' ll'ffi! ~ <iO ~ '11'1. mm a. W39 CR 07-10·2024 
','O 01410000301/ '!illF!, lil'l'!'FI 1"""- . ~ 96.41 ~-
'lr.ll<Rr-O.~~.JWR!illR~~Z83 101 'Iii 111·12-2"25 :iwmm.n) ~:-'l,'· m<II 6 ~ ~ ' ~ -,m"" t6,9S, 19&/· ~ fm! (,.nil) -· ..-,. ~ ""'ffwl, 'lfilol-~ all ( ~ ~ ( <1o-"'1>ft) <'ft) 
,_:<m!Rll ~~ 
~: 06.12.2025 -~'lijfTI! ~ 
eClerx 
eClerx Services Limited 
CIN: L72200MH2000PLC1253 19 
Registered Office and Correspondence Addre-ss: Sonawala Building, 1iil Floor. 29 Bank Street. Fort, Mumbai. 400 023, Maharashtra, India 
Phone No.: +91 (22) 6614 8301, Fax No.: +91 (22) 6614 8655 
Email Id: investor@ederx.com, Website: www.eclen<.Cqm : Contact Person: Mr. Pralik Bhanushall, VP-Lega1 & Company Secretary 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE ATTENTION OFTHE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
OF THE EQUJTY SHARES OFECLERX SERVICES L.IMITED FOR THE BUY BACK OF EQUITY SHARES THROUGH TENDER OFFER 
TI-US PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT (THE "PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT' 1 IS BEING 
MADE PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 7(1) OF Tl-IE SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY.SACK OF SECURITIES) REGULAT IONS, 
2018, AS AMENDED (THE "SEBI BUY BACK REGULATIONS ") AND CONTAINS 
Tl-IE DISCLOSUR .ES AS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE II TO THE SEBI BUY BACK 
REGULATIO NS READ WITH SCHEDUL E I OF THE SEBI BUY BACK REGULATIONS . 
OFFER FOR BUY BACK OF NOT EXCEEDING 666,$66 (SIX HUNORED SIXTY SIX 
THOUSAND SIX HUNDREO SIXTY SI.X) FUUY PAID•UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE 
VAI.UE OF~ 10/, {IIUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED 
("EQUITY SHAIIE.S" OR "SHAIIES"), AT A BUY BACK PIIICE OF r 4,500/, (RUPEES 
FOUR THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE PAYA8LE IN CASH 
FOR AN AMOUNT NOT EXCEEDING ~ 3,000 MILLIONS (RUPE.ES THREE THOUSAND 
MILLIONS ONLY), EXCLUDING ANY EXPENSES INCURRED OR TO BE INCURRED 
FOR THE BUY SACK, WHICH REPRESENTS 21.08¾ ANO 1'3.SOt4 OF THE 
AGGREGATE OF COMPANY'S FULLY PAJO-UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL ANO FREE 
RESERVES AS PER THE LATEST AUDITED STANDALONE AND CONSOLIDA TED 
FlNANCIAL STATEMENTS AS ON MARCH 31, 2025 RESPECTIV ELY, THROUGH THE 
TENDER OFFER ROUTE PROCESS USING Tl-IE STOCK EXCHANGE MECKANISM , 
ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS FROM All THE EQUITY SHAREHOLD ERS/ 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF 'THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE 
RECORO OATE ('13UY BACK' OR "BUY BACK OFFER"~ 
Cort:aln flguros eof'ltainod In this Public Announcomont. lncJudlng nnanc:l:al 
lnfon'l'l:iiUon , h-.\vo been ,ut>Joct to roUndlng-<>U ~Ojustm•nt.t. All dtclmol$ have been 
rounded off to two decimal points. 
1. Dol3U.s of tho Buy B:,ck Offer t1nd 8uy 8\'.tCk Price 
1.1. The Soar<.! of Olteaor, (( .. Board"), which lerm shall be (teemed to lncllJ(le any 
comm111ee or lhe Soard am::ll'Qr offrcials, vAiic:h the 8.;>ard ~Y c:onsfitute/authorlse 
to exerc:t:Se M pow(!crs (the ''Buy Ba.ck Committee")) or t1Cl1mc SeMCe$ Limited 
("Company" ), at rfs meetfng hek:I oo October 24, 2025 ("Board Meeting") ht:is, in 
accQ«la11ce with Article 61 of the Arlicles of Association uf the Company and the 
provisions or Sections 68, 69, 70 110, 179 a.nd all other app/iCSble Pf0\11ioos Df lhe 
Companies Acl, 2013, as ame.nded rAcr} read wilh the Companies (Share Capi!a1 
and Debentures) Rules, 2014, !he. Companies (Management and Admlnm1rntion) 
Rules, 2014, lbe CornpanioS (Mooting::; of Board and 11$ PO"tWl'S) Rules. 2014, to 
the e:(tenl applkable end olher retevanl R.ules made lheraundor, each as amenood 
from time to lim~ and IM provi6i01\S of tb8 Se,cunt-Os and Ell.cMnge Boatd of 
lf\dla: (Suy-Back of Soa.Jnties) Roguiatlon t., 2016. as arMnded {"SEBI 8uy Back 
Aagulallons" ), lht: Soo.inUc$ and E>cdl3tlt)U Q(IQr<S ~ India (Usling Pbl~alb\s 
an.d O~re Requiremen1s} ResJLt!auons. 2015, as· amefldecl. {''SE81 Listing 
Regvlatlons" ) and subject to approvaiS or S-lalUtoty. ,egutlllOf)' or 9ovemn1emal 
a1.11horltles. !m11i1utions or boc£18S as may be. required under applicable laws, 
approved lhe p;<oposal to ~;y Back of not exoeed1ng &66,666 (Six Hundred Shrty Si1 
Thoosa-nd Six Hundrei:t Sixty $1)[) fully p~id up equlry l'lhfires t>.aving ~ fooe Vi,\lue qf 
t 10/· (R1,1pees Ten only) each ("Equity Shore,"). ,epre&ent!n.g 1 40% of lhe t,Wil 
number of Eq.ui1y Shares in the lotal paid•up Equity Share capital cf the Company. 
as on March 31, 2025, at a. buy bad. price of~ 4,5001· (Rupees Four Thousand Five 
Hundred onty) per fully paid-up Equity Share payable in cash ("Buy Back Price'} for 
an amount not exceeding R~. 3,000 Mifllons (Rupees Three Thousand MIiiions onfy), 
excluding any expenses incurred or to be lncurred lor lhe Buy Back \la. brokerage 
eo!>ts, ree,s., turnover charges, u:axes such as ~curilieli-lrilrls&ction tax and .goods and 
services tax (11 any). tax on distnbuted inconie on Buy sad<.. stamp dury. acMsot& 
foes. flllng feM, public annouoeemant exptMso:s, prinllr.iJ and OiSpateh expians&s , 
If any, and 0U1&r lnciOOnlbl Md rolated 8)(pensM and charges 01c.. ("Tronsactlon 
co,t.sJ (such t1mou11I ,~relnottt:r tdlerrcd lO os tl'le ·suy 8.tek Slz.o•}. repr1..~n1tng 
21.08% ond 13.80% of Ille. aggregate of Ille total palct-up-0quity sllare capital and 
free reserves of the Company based on lates.1 audited staAdalone 8fld OOflSOi.Jdated 
audited fill,11\CiaJ stalame"ts of tho Company, ~e<:t:IVely as on March 31, 2026. 
from the shorehQklerstbent=:ficia: I owniflrs of !he Equity Shares of the C-Ompftny as 
on a record dale to be $Ubsequentty decided by the Soardt'8uy Sack Committee 
("Eligible Share"ot de.rs~), throu9h lender offer roule, on a proportionate basl$" &S 
pre-scri~ed under tbe $E81 Suy BI\Clc Regula1ions 
1,2, The Company sough1 approval of its shnrehold~rs for the Buy Back, by a -spec:1a.l 
resolu1ion th,ough posttll ballot. 1lte shareholders approved the prop0$al cf Buy 
Sack o! Equity Shares and the results ol lhe poslal ballot were announced on Friday, 
December 5, 2025. 
1.3. The-Buy Back is lurthec subjecl to approvals, penmssXJns and sanctions as may 
bo 11&Cl3uary , -and s\Jbjod 10 sud\ col'ldltions and mOdifitattOOs. If any ftom Uma 
to lime. from statutory, togulat°')' ot governn1e(ltaJ authorities as may be mqulred 
undat appr.tab!e l:c,ws. inetudh\9 b\Jt nol Umhed t:> S&curltles af,cl E.x.chango Soard 
ol lodr., ("SEBI"), ll>O BSE Limited ('BSE') and Nollonol Sloe~ Excllange ol India 
llm,1.eo \NS£'} on Whld"I the Equity St.lore$ or the Company are listed (BSE. and 
NSE. IOgother 8(8 referred as ''Stock E.xcha,,g,os•}. 
1.4, Th& Buy Bac:k will be untlena~en on a proporOona;e basis frorn the-El~ible 
Shareltolde,s. as oo the Rec:ord Oa1e provided lhat 15% (fifteen peroent) o1 the 
number of-Equity St.ares propoeed ,o be bovght back or number-or Equ!ty Shares 
entiUed as per ltle stiareh<Jlding of small sllareholders as define(! in the SESI Buy 
Back Regula:tions ("Small Shareholders") as on the RooOf'd Date, wtlic:hever is 
higher, shall be reserved fo, the Small Shareholders. 
1.S. The Buy Sad: Siu t$ 21.08% and 13,80% of th!! folal paid•up Equity Share capital 
and fJJ?E reserves of lhe Company based on the latest stand.atone and oon$06da ted 
audited financial statements ot the Company respeet.ivety as at Match 31, 2025 
(being the dato or the latest aval:!able ;n.u:h1£1d standalone and consolidated financial 
statEm~nl$ or the Cornp,a(1y) . 
1.6. The E(Jl.lity Sh8'8$ or the Compaoy a,e currently l4t&a on !he Stock Excf\anf18S. 
1.7. lM Buy ~Ck Shall be u1id&1\8i'.$(\ on a proportlMal!I b.\$1$ ftoni the EUgih!e, 
Sh.orcholdct, lhrough tho Tc11d01 Olfot ptOCOM J,ltOScribOd undCf !ho SESI Buy 
Sao: Regulation s, AdOltlonaH~. 1he Buy Back shall be Implemented by the Company 
using lhe ''Macha11lsm rot xqVisllion of shares throt.19h stock exchange" os specif-ad 
by SEBI vlde clrculot beaong numbet CIRICFO/POUCYCELU1/2015 <lated Apoi 
t3, 2015 teod WJlh cltcular bearing numbet CFO/DCR2JCIRiP/20t61131 dated 
December 9, 2016, SE8UHO/CFDIDCRIII/C IR/Pl20211616 d31ea /\119ust 13, 2021 
and $EStrHO/CFDIPo0~21PiCIRt2023135 d,;:ted Merr.h 08, 2023, lncluchn9 any 
amencfments thereof ("SESI Circula.r:s''), In this r~~rd. ttie Com~ny h.as requested 
SSE ;o provide the scparnfe acq11isitioi, windO\v to faci1ita1e placing or sell orders by 
the Eligible Shareholders who wj:sh to tender Equtty Shares in u,e Buy Baok. FOf 
the purposes or lhe Buy Back, SSE 1$ appointed as the designated sloe~ exchange 
{"Designa ted Stock Exchange" ). Ooce me Buy B&ck Is con~ded, atl Equity 
Shams fl4.ut:hased by tho Company in .!he Buy Back will be extinguished In lerms of 
the Sl=.Sl Buy Back Regulations. 
1.8, 11\ u,rms of Ul& SEBI Buy Back AegulatiOf'ls, u1ldOC \ender ofrer route, the Promo,e, 
and P,omot0r Gfoup have an optton to pattk!pate In Lhe suy Sa<:::k.. Tlia i:lelaRs ~f 
Pron,otor and Promoter Group panldpauon !n lho Buy Baek has hoM cf,otaJ.lad In 
potagraph 6 of 1hJs Pul)I~ Anoounoemenl • 
1.9. Ft.uiher. under lhe Act, the flumber of Eqully Sl'lares Jhel can be b01J!)ht back dunog 
tbe finanC(al )'e3f shall not excoecl 25% of the toia• numb8f of Eqvny Shares In the 
p;iid ul) Equity Shares of lhe Comp,iny . .Accordingl)!, the number ot Equtty Share,. 
that can be t>oogtH bade during the financlat yeor caMof exoeed 11.912,589 (Eleven 
Mllllon N!n,e Hundred Twe1fve Thousand Five Hundred E',c;My Nine} Equity Shares 
being 25% of .t7,650.359 (Forty Seven MIilions Si)( Hundred Fitly Thovsar,cl Th,ee 
Hundred Fifty Nine.) Equity Shares of face volue oft 10/· (Rupees Ten Only) eACh. 
being the outstnnd1ng number of fully paid up Equity Shares of the CompMy a~ 
on Match 31, 2026. Sinoo lhe Company proposes lo Buy Baok up to 666,666 {Si)( 
Hundred Si)(ty Sill. Thooaend Six Hundred Sixty•Six) Equity Shares. lhe same 
is within the aforosald llrml. Further, proposed Buy Sack of Equity Sharas ol upto 
666,666 (Six Hundr!td Sixty Six Thousand Sl)( ttundtod Si>tty Six) represents 1 AO % 
of lM tw.a:l llUmbM or Equity Shar8$ in lhe tOhll paid up Eo;ully SMro capital of U1e 
CompMy as on tho dale of Publlc AtinoUf'lcemo :nt 
1.10.Pursuant lo lhe p(oposod Buy Back and deix,ndlng on !he regponso to th-e Buy 
Bad<, lhe voting rights o11he P.-ornoLel'S in the Compaoy moy tnaease or decrease 
from U\eit ~Ling ·shareholding .,, ttwi total eqully capital a1,d vol~ng rlghls of the 
Comoa11y. The Promoters ol lhe Comp-any arc already In conttoi ovor lh<i Company 
and lh&refor& t1uch further ln<;teaf.o or decroose ln voung rights of lhe Promoters wm 
noc resutl In any change fn oootrol over the Company, 
1.11 Parllcipation !n the 8uy BGCk. by E!igib3e Shareholders wHI trigge:r la1< on tt)e 
considera1kin re·ceived oo Bvy Sack by lhem, Fmance (No,2) Act, 2024 Ila$ milde 
~mendmenta in relalion to buy.back of stiru-es w,fd O(;.tober t, 2024, shifting the 
ti3.lf li~bifity in the hand$ o,f the shareholdEirs (whethe, re~idenl oc nail-resident) and 
(he Company Is not required to pay ta.it on lhe distributed income The sum paid by 
a domestic company foe purchase of ils own shares shall be treat.ad as di~end 
bi the hands ot shareholders. ND deduction is allowed against such dividend while 
computing the mcome from other isouroas 'rha cost of acqursition of the sharai. 
wtlieh has been bought ~Gk by lhe Company shall be tttialed as caPttal loss in lh& 
hands of the st1a,ohoJder and alb1,-ed to be ca,ry (otWard and set olf agahlsl capital 
gains as.p8f the provision$ of the 11,come Tax Acl 1981 ltie Ctimt,aJ)Y ,, requko.o 
10 d~ucl 1ax at sootefJ as ()ef the provisions.of lhi, lncOf"l'li: Ta:xAci, 1961 in respect 
of the cons.dera tJon payable to shll!eholdors (whethc, rosic-cnt or non.residcn1) on 
Suy Back or 1he shares. Since 1he Btry 8/Jds of shares shal:1 tal<e piace through 
the sottlamen t mechal1i6m or the S:tock Ex:change, se·eurities trans,actlo n troc wUI be 
epplicilble.-lo d1.1a course. EUglbll;! Sharettoldef's v,;11 reoeive 8 letter of <iffer, v.tllc:h 
w~I oontain \l more detailed note on taxation. However, in view of the particuJarized 
nature of tax cooseqveoces, I.he Ellglble Shareholder~ ~re ik.M5ed lo .,:onslill their 
o:wn )egal, finanoi&I ~nd tax &dvtSOrs prior to participating ln the Buy BaQ(. 
1.12. The Buy Sack from Elig!bJe Shareholders Who a·re persons re::;ident outside Ind~. 
including the foreign portfolio investo,s, erstwhile overseas oorpornle bodies and non-residonl lndla.ns, members-or foreign nationality. elc.. if any . sban bo wbJact to su.ch 
approvals af, and to u10 Elxtatlt nec8"ary or requt,ed rroo1 Lhe oonoornod authoril"ios 
Including 3PJXOWIS from lhe-R81 undw-1h8 Fo,1:11,gn t.xellango Ma11c19t)1t1MI Act, 
1999, as am0tu'J8d and tM rut.ea, u,gutatlons tran~tl tllGrouooor and Income Ta,c Aet, 
1961 Including rule$ arid notifications Issued 1hctcundCf, mi: flpplfeable, If any and 
SI.Id"! apptOWJS Shall be requited 10 be lak64l l)Y such non•rMldeot Sllareholder$ . 
1,13 A copy of lhls Public Announcemen t is a .. ·a:18ble on lhe websfte ol the Company al 
www.flcU!cx com AACS e)(oed.e-d to be available on the see, website www,sebtgov,10 
and on the w~bsite t>f lhe Stock E)(changes ;tt www.,1:;.einffia c:nm ~~ WI.WJ.bsffln"irt 
£OOl durln9 the period of the Buy aaat. 
2. 
2.2. 
2.3 Ne~esslty of the Buy Back 
The Buy Back is being proposed by the Comp<1ny 10 return ·surplvs funds to the 
Efigiblc Shareholders, VH!ich Rre over and above its ordinary ~p,1al requirements 
and in excess of any ourren1 lnves1men t plans. in an expedient, efficient and cost 
eff'eclive manner. The &y Sack would incr'9ase the shareholder 's value and would 
also help lhe company .in fulfilling the following objectives· 
lhe Buy Back w1U help the Company lo mlum surplus cash to Its shareholders. 
hOlding Equfty Shmas bro~ly in proportion to thuir sh.:lrohulding, theroby. enha.,clng 
lhe 9vera.rI relum to lhe shareholders: 
ihe Buy sack, which IS boing lmplemer'ltOO through tno 1'ender Offer' as pr6scri:bed 
ul'ldcr the SEBI Buy Back Reguturons.. would trlVolv& allocation ol 15% of ntJmber 
6-t Equity Sharos which the, Company propOS-Os to Buy &Ck or numbc1 or Equity 
Shores Cfll.i!Sctd 3S pet lhe s.tlarehOldtng of $moll Sh3ret,olctors., wnlc:hover Is t'llgher, 
to Sman SnarelloldetS , Tho Company t>eHeves thet 1tws ,eservst,on or 15% roi Small 
Shareholde rs woukl benefit a large number ol public siha-reholders, who wovld gel 
Cl8ssified 8S --small Shareholder"· 
The Buy Sack may help In Improving re tum on equity due to re<IUG!ion in lhe equrty 
base, thereby leading to long {efm inc:::resse m shareholder·~ value; 
The Buy Back wil help in achieving 81'1 optima! capital structure 
The Buy Bad gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares ur the 
Company, to eilher (i) choose lo panicipBte end get casb in lieu of Equtty Shares to 
be-accepted under the Buy Baell. Olfe:r or (ii) choos-e to not participate and enjoy a 
resullanl lnorease In their perc:011tage.sha.1Bhoki1:ng, post Ille Buy Back 0tf8f, wllhout 
addilional inve.Slmunl 
3. Maximum amount requited for Buy Back. it:s percentage of the total paid up 
Equity Sh.ate capital and fre• ,e.s:erv'es .:and the aourc.e or funds from whJch Buy 
8:rck wouJd bo finon,;;od 
3. 1. Thtt mwdnwm .amount ruqulred under I.he, 8uy 80<:k will bl!-nat t1xcucdlng t 3.000 
Mmlons (Rupees Three Thousand Milhons only) ex<Judlng ltaosact»On costs tncurred 
0t to l>e jncv1Ted for !he Buy Back. beloo 21.08% Md 13,80% of the aggregate of the 
IOiaJ paid·UP Equity Share caf)4tal and Free Reserves of lhe Compant based on the 
latest Stal"ldalone arxt Conso!ict.a;e<t Audite<$ Financial Statementi of the Company 
re:j;pe~vety a-sat M,prQl 31, 2025 (beln9 the d~ta of (he 1-ateil sva,lRt>le Audrtad 
StandaJone and Consolidated Flnanclol Stalements Qf D~ Company) 
3,?. The Buy Back would be made out of rr~ reserves or tne Company The Company 
shall tr.artSfer from its free reserves or -secwities premium nccount and/or such 
sources as may be permined by law a sum equal to the nomir,al value of the Equrty 
Shares boughJ back through the Buy Back to the Capi.tal Redemption Reserve. 
Aocount and lll9 deta~s of web transfer shall be disclo.sed in its subsequecit audlted 
balance sheet. The payments shall be made oul of the Company's CUITl!nt surplus. 
at)a/or ca.sh balMca:s and/0t current invustrne1\tS and/or ca.sh .avai1a~e from 111:~roo! 
ro&0urces of tn& Cotn~ny and (and not from any bortcwed runds) and oo such 1ern1s 
e.nd o,~l.tlons as lhe Board may dea1.fa from time IO lln1e at its a.bSo!ule d..scrnUon, 
iM· Co,:npany confi,rns that as requited ooder-Section 68{2.)(d) or me Ac1, the ratio 
of the ag9roga1e of secutcd-and tJffSCCured debts owed by the Co'f"FIPany. If any, shall 
be 1101 more lhan 1wtee lhe psid~vp EQully Sha1e capnal aod Free Re&tlt'Ves aft&r the 
Buy Back and thol It has.got sufficient source to pay.off the consk:leratlon lO'N8rds 1he 
Buy Back nnd would not borrow fonds for 1hc, iaid purpose, 
4. Buy Back Pf'ice at which shares ~.re propo$ed to be bought back and b$sl$ of 
determining 1he Buy Back Prrce 
◄.1, The t;qurly Share6 of the Com:paoy-are pr\1poijed lo be bough! Qa:ck lll a buy bacie 
price of :r 4,5001· {Rupees Four Thous.and Five Hundred Dnfy) per Equity Share. The 
Buy Bac:k Price has been atrived al after considering vari~s factors including but 
not limi1ed lo the voluma weig_hted awfa!'Je prices or the Equity Shews traded on 
lhe SSE w.,d NSE v;hore the Equily SJ1ar86 are listed, the.net worth of the Company, 
price earnings ra1io, lmp~ol on other financial parameters and the possibce lmpaet of 
8uy B.ack on tho $8mll'lgs per sh.are. 
4.2 The Buy Bade Price rtiprl)s:arits pl"t!tmum ol 1) 1 71% and 710% over thO Voluml3 
welghtod average ma-tie et ptlcoorthe Eql.llty Shrn~ on SSE and on "'SE. tGt.pactiVely, 
during the oM mo111h preceding October 17. 2025 (tht, dato of Intimation to the 
Stock Exchanges tor Ule Borud Mee1Iog 10 consJde, 1he proposal 0-f the Buy Back), 
II) 11 28% over lhe volume wt»gtited av0tage ma,ket price of the Equity Sh.ares on 
each of the Stock 6,tcilanges , fOt' lwO weeks ptCCOOlng Oclobe< 17. 2025 {lhe date 
of intrmabon 10 tho Stoat Exchanges for 1ho 8oM1 Mee ling 10 consider 1he prop0$81 
of tile Buy Back) .and iii) 1,24% Bfld 1.20% over the c:losing prices on SSE and 
NSE resper,Uvefy a.s on Octotier 24, 2025 (!he d8te of Soard meeting ,appri>ving 
the Bvy B~Ql<) and Iv) 1;456,49% encf 815.62% t(l the Company's l)QOk value per 
Equity SharC'S oft 289.11/· and t 1191.47/• rei.pectivety , pre buy bA.cl<.. bnsed on the 
latest standarone and consmidated audited financial statemenl of the Company as at 
March 31, 2025~ 
◄.3, The Beard/Buy Sack Committee may, 1 (one) vtotittug day poor to I.he Record Dale, 
lnGr'oase the Buy 8aclt Price and docreaso the number of Equity Sharos ptoposed 
to be. boughl back under tho Buy Bad. sueh Iha! there is no Chango. If! me Buy Batt. 
Sae. il'I terms or Regulation 5(via) of Lhe SEBI auy Sactc A$fllilations , 
S.. Ma·it"imum numbor of &hares that the Company propo$<!S to Buy Back 
5. i, The Company p,o~ to Buy Sack 668,666 (Six Hundtod Sixty.SI" Thous.1nd Stx 
Hundred Si)cly-Slx) fully paJcf,,up Squlty ShQfeS of face value of Rs. 10/• (Rupees 
Ten onty) C3Ch ot the Comoony O< tosset, Clependlng UPOO lhe final buy back ptiCI) 
dotermlned t>y the 8o8/0l'Buy Bade Comml-nee In 101ms ◊f Regu-toflon 6(vla) of the 
SESI Buy Back Reguintlom1 Further. proposed Buv Badr. of Equlty Shares of upto 
666,666 (Six Hundred Sixty Sil( Thou~nd Six Hundred Sixty S«) represenl$ I .40% 
of the tots! number of EQuity Shares in the total p31d up Equity Share capltaJ of lhe 
Comp-any <1s on the date of Public; Announcement 8110 L4Q% of the totill number of 
Equity Shares in the total paid up Equity Stlj1re cApltnJ of the Company as on Ma,ch 
31, 2025, whioh is within 25% of Iota! nurnbaroi outstanding Equity Shares of the 
Company. The Buy Bac;k is proposed to be completed within 12 (twel\•e) months or 
the date ot special resolulion approving lhe proposed Boy 8ac;k. 
6. Method to be adoptod ror the Buy Back 
6.1. iht1 method lo be adopted ror lhe purpose uf Buy Sadt shall be throtJgh lhti l'tmder 
Otte.t fOute-mrougt\ Stock Exchang& !'nOChanrSm as presCl'tbod uMJer me SEBI Buy 
Sack Rogula!toM and clrcula.rs Issued theroundor, lndudlng lhe "Mochan:sm for 
ncqulsltloo ol ShaJes 11lfough StOCk Exchangli' notified by SEBI Circulars or such 
01he, mechr:rnism. ror IM Boy 83d< mrovgh Tender Offer roule. as may be applleable . 
7. OttaJlt ot shara11oldlng or Promoter and Pfomotor Group, Dlrtctors, t<ty­
ManngcrinJ PC't"Sonne l Md Person In Control of the Company and dehllls of 
tr.,nsac.llons In lhe Equity Sha,es 
7.1, The 099tegete sha:reholding, of the Promotef end Promot~ GroU?, Oir~c,:iors: Key 
Managenal PerS9nnel ono Person In Control of th~ Company In the Comoa-ny as on 
lhe dale of lhe Postal Banet Notice., being October 24, 2025, is as follow~: 
Sharehofdjng gf Prompter and Promoter Group Qjre;cton; and Person Jo 
Conlrol or the COfflol'lnv • 
Sr. Ntmt Co1e~oey ijo, ol equll)' %' 
No Shnros held Sh:a.-ehokllng 
I. PrlyacJarsMn Promote( and 12,794.856 26.65 
M1.mdhrn E.Xacullve OirP.Clor 
2. A.l'!jail Malik Promoter and 12.789.553 26.84 
Non-Executive Olredor 
3. Vijay )(um:ir Ptomotcr GfOup 31,239 o.or 
Mundll,a 
4. Sup,lya Mcxll Promot&t G(oop 24.2l;2 0.05 
5. ShW6ta Muodhr:t Pto,nolet G(oop 438 o.oo 
6, Pawan Maril~ Promoter Group No N~ 
7. Kapll Jain Managing Dlrocior & 
Group CfO Nn NI 
6. Shallesh Kek,e Non-Execuhve N:J NI 
lnd®eflde nl Oire-ctor 
9 .. Srinjay Sengupta Non-Exec ubve NB N~ 
lndepenoen 1 CNre:ctor 
10. Naresh Chand Non-Executive Nu NB 
Gupla lndependen l Director 
11. Navalblr Kumar Non-Ex.ec UbVe Nn Ni 
lnde?endeni Oiroctor 
12. BalaC Non-S.Xecubve Ni NI 
OeshpancJe lndei,OflOOn l Director 
13. Amit Mejmudar Non-Execvtrve 
lndcponde11 t 01rector Nil NI Sh h Id. ilti 2 10g 2 -1¥ IIDigltli iCISilDDI i IK M • IP 
~r. ttan,e Cillegary No, otEguity % 
~- Stl3res tieJd Shon:l(old lng 
1. SnntvasGn Cnlef Ananda! Offioor 19,000 0.04 
N.Madhur 
2. Pratik Bhanushali VP-Legal & Company 
S<tcretary 295 0.00 
Except as slated above. none of the Directors. Of Key rvti;tnagerial Personnel of the 
Company hold$ any Equity Stlores in tho Company, Funhe,, none of !he mombo, of 
Promoter and Ptomote1 Grovp of the Compnny are C04'porate bOdieslcompan iM, 
7.2. Excep1 as provided bekJw, no Equity Shares of the Compa.ny have been purchased/ 
sold by Promoters and Promoter Group, OlrcctOl's, Key Managerial Personnel Md of 
tiettoos who are !rt POOtrol of the Company during IM period of $!x' months prooeding 
the da!e of the Board Meeting ,:11 which 1he Buy Sack was 3pproved and the da!e oi 
lhe POSl>l Bollot No.Ice, being October24, 2025: 
Sr. Namo A99"9.:il0 N>ture ol l.loxlmum Dita.of 111nlmum o ... ol 
No. No,91 tfcl'!aittlon Prloo~ Max:lnlUffl Pri~fll!I fllnfmum 
Equl!Y Equity Price Eq,lly Prlco 
Shues Sharo(l] Shar•(ll 
pun;has,d 
or-s.old 
1 Sllf:lt!)'a ~ sa~ 3,847.60 July 30, 3,847.60 JUiy 30. 
l!o<I 20~ 20'15 
(l'o)Ploje< 
Grouoi 
2 Vja, 71 llW l.oQ5.81 Ju .. 12. 3,490.67 J..,, 02 
Ko.mar 2025 2025 
Muiv.lhra 
(l'iomoter 
Grouol 
J Pra/,k ., aov 4.255.00 St?<•mber 4,2A9.00 $ep!en'm01 
611Jnusllo§ 08,2025 08.2025 
//IP· 
Lcqal& 
Comr,ony 
S,orelaNI 
8. l11ton1lon of tho Promoter ~nd PromotorGroup or lho Col'npany 10 tondorEqulty 
SIHtros ror Buy 8,3c1<. 
8.1. In terms of the SEBI Buy 8ac't<. RegUlatlOns, undor tile Tender Offer roote, U'le 
Promvter 8f'ld Promotttr Group of the Company hflve a-n opoon ID panlc;ipme in 1ho 
Buy Bacll In this regl)fd, ttie Prornl)ler ond PrQmO.JP..r Group of the Company have 
expressed lhe-ir lntentiOfl of not participaiini:J 1.11 the B\IY Back vicle their Jetters dated 
October 21. 2025 -an(S Ociober 23, 2025 Ac:con:fingly, \he dis.closures as requtred 
as per pa,agraph~ (viii) lo the Schedule f of tfle SEBI Buy Back Regulelrons are 001 
applicable. 
9. Confirmat ions from the Company as per the provisions of the SEBJ Buy Baek 
Regulations aod the Act 
The Company confirms lhaL 
9.1. All Equity Share-s for Buy Back am foCly paid-up: 
9.2. Th<! Company shaM i1ot iSSuo .any Eq-uiJy S.Mros or otM.r socuntres from lM date 
of lho. Boatd Mee ling lncl.uding by way of bOnus Issue 110 Ule expliy or I.he Buy Sack 
potlod L@. dD-t& on wl'llch !he payment or oooslek.ll'ation to shetehOldtl rs who hav$ 
accepted lh~ Buy 8&ck is made In oooordanoo wilh U1t, Act and thtt Sf:81 Suy Sack 
Rr.9ut.aUon, 
9.3. The Company sholl no! raise rurtller capllai ro, a: period or ono 'jtar from 11\e C)(pt/y 
of ltle Bvy Back P<i'NOd i e lht) dat~ on which the paymt1n1 of cons«:lorabOrt: to 
shareholde rs who ttave ac:cepted the Buy S&ek. Offer is made e:xoep1 in dls~SJ~e of 
~bs.isting obll9arions : 
9..4. 
9.5. 
9.6. 
9.7. 
9.8. 
9.9. The Company shaJI not Buy Bsc;k 11$' l;qutty $hare$ or other ~pecified secvnlle5 
from ~my pel'$on throi.19h nf!9olla1ed d~I whelher on or off the Stock Exohtlnges or 
through spot transacootls or lhrough ~my ~rivate arrangement in the lmp{emen1alion 
of the BuyBack: 
The Buy Back Size 1.e-. t 3,000 Millions (Rupees Thtee Thousand Millions only) does 
nol exceed 26% of the aggregate pakksp Equity Share capital and free. r~er¥96 
{induding socunlias pre.mitlm aoooun!) as per Lhe latest available StandaJooe and 
COnsotkla tod Audited Financial Stattmerus of tM Company as on March 31. 2025 
lno rnaxJmum •~mb8-1' o.r Equity Sllaf8S propo$ed l6 be bouglH ba~ und&I tile Buy 
Sack wl11 noL axceod 25% ol lhe total number of EqtJlly Shares In the total pald•UP 
€Qu11y Share capital of lt)6 Company; 
There .ate no peodlng schemes. of ama!gamaoo n or compromise or arrang&mem 
pursuant IO lheAct { .. Sehorno ") lnvOl\lu'lg llle Compa,,y. and no public an1"10unce men1 
or lhc Buy Bade" shail be made during pendency of any such Scheme; 
The Company shall no, m11ke any further offer of aw Beck within a perk>d-of one 
year reckoned from the expiry ofthe Buy B~k period te. aa.ie on which the paymem 
of OOll$ideratlon to sh.areholcfe,-s who til'lve oooepted the Buy BAc:k Offer Is made: 
Tha Company shall not withdrc:rw the Buy Back O!Jel' after the pubflc anoounceme.n t 
oC· lhe Buy Back Offer Is. made. 
9.10. Tho Company sh-:'111 com4)1y with lho slaMory and reg:u!.a!Oty Umellno-s in te!poct of 
tho Buy Back lfl s!JOh manno, as prasollbud undor the Ao! and/or the SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations 3nd ony other applicable laws; 
9.11. The Company shall not utilize 31ly mooey boN"owed ftom banks or floo~la1 ln.sbtutlons 
for the purpose of Buy Back of Its Equity Shares: 
9.12. The Company iS' 1n compliance with the Pf'O\IISKlns of Secuoos 92, 123. 121 and t29 
of thaAc:t 
9.13. There are no defaults (eith~r in the pMt or sub$$fin9} In the tepaymen t of deposits. 
interesl payment !hereon, redemptio n of del:;le-ntures or in1erest payment thereon or 
redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due Jo any shareholder , or 
repaymenl of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any fin,,ncial institution or 
be.nl(ing comp;my; 
9.1d. The Comir~my witl no! Buy Back Equity Shares which am lodted•in or no1r 
trar.srsra~. Until the pendency of such lock-in. or u□lil the Equity Shares booome 
translerabta. as appficable. during ti.a poriod betwOOA lhe d.ate of opening and 
doSing ot tho Buy &Ck Offer; 
9, 16. Tho raUo ol Lhe aggregate of .seoured nnd unsacurod dobts 6\\100 by the Company, 
if any. after the Buy Back -shall not b8 more Chan tw1c.e l1$ pald-tJI> capita! and frae 
rcscrvos. bMOd on the latost :ivailabl-0. Audited S-tandoSpr,c and Consotlcltlti::d 
Flnatldals o! lhe Company as on Marctl 31. 2025, wtiichever sets out a lower 
amoutlt: 
9.1$, The Company Shi:111 1ransfer from tts free res8'Ve.s or oocurltles p<emtum oocoum 
-and/or such sources a:s rnay be permitltXI by Jaw, a sum equaf to the nominal value of 
the Equny Shares purchased 1hrovgh the Buy Sad!. to lhe c;~pltal redemptio n reserve 
accrount and the details or wth 1rall$fer shal be di:,dosed In its sub5,eQuem audited 
financial sta!emf!fll& ; 
9.17. The shi,reholders resolution approvin_g the Buy 8~ wm be valid for a maximum 
pe.riod of one year rrom the date of passing the shareholders resolution (or 
S;Uch extended period as may be permilled under the Aot or the SEB1 Buy Back 
Regu1ationa }. The exact Ume table for the Buy Sack shall be decided by lhe Buy Back 
Committee wlthtn the abo\'e Irma liml1s; 
9.18 The Equity Shares bought Daek by 1ho company wm bo cornpulso1Uy e.xt1ng1..dsh8d 
an-cl will not be held ror retssua:,c6; 
9.19. Tl'18 Cocr~afly shall not ditt)dly or lndltoctly purehaso Its (IWT'I E~u1ty Stlaros or OlMt 
,tJ)ecificd soeu1i11cs. 
a) lhrough any siJb.sfdiary com.p.1ny inciodrng Us own sul>Skllary comparues : and 
b) 1llrough 3tlY 11,vesvnenl compony or group or lnvestmem compame.s; 
9.20, The Equity Shares bought bock by the Company will bo ex1lngulsh<>o aod/or 
physltaity destroyed as may be applies~ In the manner p<esCAbOO undef the SE81 
Svy Sect Re,gulatJons and lhe Ar,1 wlihtn 7 (&wen) wo~g days of the date of 
payment or consideration 10 Eligible Sh~rehokle l'$ who hav.e ltmc'erect tile EQuity 
Sh.Ares lmder 1he Buy Back Offer; 
9.21.As per Regulation 24(i)(e) or the SE81 Buy Back Reg·uta1ions, !he Pcomoter and 
members of Promoter Group, and/or their associates, shall nol deal ;n the Equity 
Shares or other specified seoul'ilies of lhe Company elltier lhrqugh the Slook 
Exchanges Of oll'•m•uket transadfol1$ {lndudlng lnler-se transfer of Equity Shares 
among tile Promoter and members or Promoter group) from tOO date of lhe passing 
tho special r8$0lvtlon till lhe date of closing of Iha Buy Ba~ Offer, other lhan 
pruliolpallo11 l,♦1 the Buy Back: 
9.22. Tho sta:emeots contajned In a!I the 001eva,1t Ck>Cumenls 111 tetation lO the Buy Back 
sh:t.11 be ltue m.ato,laj and filct\Jal and Shall 1101 contain MY mis~Late-m8fll6 or 
mls!eadlllQ 1,,1orma1ion: 
9.23, The Company sh<!II Buy Bad< lho Eqully Sll>rcs hold In f)llyslcal form from Ellg,bl<l 
Sf>arehcilder s In t•rm• or SEBI c,roular no. SE6Vfi0/CFDICM01 /CIR/Pl2020/WI 
dattio July 31. 2020! 
Contd. 
____________________________ ila_~~~~ 
9.24. The-Buy Batk shaU not msult in dellstir,g or the Equity Shafes fro'm the Stock 
Exchall!)es: 
9,25, The Buy Back wou'd be subjea <o the OO.r\dlJion of ma1niain1r1g minimum pubfic 
sharehoJdlng r6quiremen ts es speafied In Regulation 38 of the SEBI Listing 
R99\Jlatlons ; 
9,26. n,e Cc:lmpany st~t! not Buy Back out of the pl'Ot;eads of ar, earl.al' ,ssue o( lh\t 
same kind of shares or same k.ind of other specified securities: 
9.27, As par RegYlatton 6(f)(c) MCI Sdle<Ju!a l(,cil) ofth& SE81 Buy Boe!< Regulatioo s. 11 ts 
confirmed thal the('(! is no breach or a:ny covenants as per lhe aendel'S agreomonts 
on the kiiiil!lS taken and the c:onsen·1 of the lenders in thlS regard has been obtained 
by "10 Company 
9.28. The 1euer or ol10t with the tender rorm WM M dispatched 10 Eligible Sti.areh01d81$ 
vlrlhin 2 (two) working days from the Record Date.. 
10. Connrm:,Uon.s from the 80;1rd 
10. 1-The Board of Oitoctol"$ of lho Company nas conf11mee1 u,at 11 has made a tu\J 
enquiry in10 the affairs and prospec&s of the Company and attar tak.ing into account 
t~ nnan<:;iol po&liOf'l or tnc Company and aOO conslOOrlng 011 conbngen t IAat>llltieS, 
the Board l\a.~ lortnod the opinion: 
e) Thal immediately following the (faie of 1he Board Mooting held on October 
24. 2025 approving the 8uy 8acl< and th.e date on 'titilcl' lhe: results of the 
Sflaro.noldel'$ t8SOlulion by way or postal ballol with regard to ttie Buy Back 
11re decl&red, 1her~ will be no gmunru; on which the Com~ny can be round 
una-ble to pay Its debts: 
b) That as regards lho Company's prospttcfS flX lhe ytrar,mmediatcly ftJlklwmg 
the dafe or the Board Meeting held on O(;lober 24, 2025 app<ovtng the Bvy 
Back aoo I.tie date on which lM resun.s or the ShareholdCtS' re$oiU1fon by way 
o1 p~ial ballot with rogani to the Buy Back are dedartNJ. and havi.ng regcird 
to Board's intention, with rn$pecl to the managem ent of the Company's. 
business during 1h~l year o-od to lhe amovo1 and c:::tr.)(;)cter of the flt\8och:tl 
resoorces whlch wllf, In the Board's View. be available to the Company that 
year1 the Company will b~ $ble to meet ita ~iabilUies as and when they fell due 
and wtU not be rendered Insolvent within o petlod of one y~r from lhct da~c of 
tho Board Meeting approving Iha Buy Back Emd the da!e on which the results 
o1 the Sh;areholders' ~lutioo by way of po!,tal ballot with tt:~rd io the Buy 
Back ate dedared; 
c) In forming the opinion aforesaid, the Board has takoo Into accotlnt the 
llabill1ies t'-S if the Company is be!ng wound up 1,1nder lhe. p10VtSions of 
u,e Companies Act 2013 and lhe Insolvency and 8nnkrup1cy Code. 2016 
(Including p105,pec:live ~nd cootin,genl liabilities). 
11, Report addreu.ed to the Board by the Statutory Auditors of the Company 
on Permlssibltt CepUaJ Payrnont and Opinion fonnod by Dlroc;tors rciga.rdlng 
Insolvency 
11, 1. The lexl of lhe Repor1 d$ted October"24, 2C:1is received rrom Price W;)\ertlouse 
Cha.rteted Accountants LlP. Statutory AUd(tors -of U\f:I Co1ttoany, addressed to tlllJ 
Soard Is repmctucoo below. 
~ 
The Board o-1 01rCClt)($ 
Mis, cC101x Scl'\tlc:os Llfnlted 
Sooawala Bulktlng, 1.-r-F100,, 29 BaAA Stfoot, 
Fort MuMbal-400 023, Maharashlt.iJ , lndl.i 
Statutory Auditors' Report on Buy-Sack of Equity Shares pursuant to 
Ute requirement of Sehedule I t.o Socurltll'ls. .nnd Exc:hango Board of India 
(Buy~Back of Securltlot:} Rc.gulatfons, 2018 os amond•d (tho "Buy-Bock 
Regulations") and Section 68 of the Companies Act 2013 {the "Act''} 
1. This rePQrl ls lssved In accordance wl1h our ef'lGfJ9ement le1ter amed Oc1ober 24. 
2025. 
2. We have been engaged by eaerx Services Limited {the ~company"} to perfom.1 a 
re8s:onable assumnc:e eng,.gemen1 on dE:!termlr-.a1ion of the amoun1 cf permir.sit>le 
captt:al paytnem as deta11&d lo IM accompa.,ylng Statl;lm8r\l of Pl){miS&:i.ble limil 
of Capital Payment r Anne:wre r) in connection wi1h the proposed boy-back (lhe 
~buy-back~) by the Company of fts equhy shares In pursvMce of Sec1ions 68 a.no 70 
of the ACI read with Role 17 of Compar\18s-(Shara CapUal aM DebQfttu:0$) Rules. 
2014 (including s~itllory modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof for th& 
lime behig in for(;(!:) and the regu1atloR$ as specified in the Suy,,back Regulations· 
and on tho oplnJotis expressed by tntt Soard of Dll'eclOC'$ of th8 Comp.aoy, as 
required under the Buy-back Regulations. The proposal for the buy-back is subject 
to the approval of sha:ehoiders of the compMy, We have JniUalied th,:: Annexure I 
fo, lde11.1tl,caUon purposes only. 
Board of Directors Responsibltity 
3. Th• Boar<! of Dlr8'tors of tho C-Ompony is resJ>OllSih46 for tho following 
I) 
Ii) 
iv) Th& B.nlOOl'\I of <:ap!tar paynl-01'11 ror lhe buy-b.ack ls ptl)plttly determlood wdhlr, 
1he permissible capital payment lfmits computed in aooordance ~ lhe Act 
and the Bvy,b&ck Regula1ioos: 
It hi,iS made a full rnquity inlo Iha affai"S 3M ptospodS or mo Company a.M 
has formed the opinion on a reruioMble g1oullds iha1 lhe Comp;1ny. having 
regard to !is s?ste of affi3ifs, wlll OCIC be reflc:Sered lnsol'Vent wlthm a pe:riOd of 
one year from ln6 date of tho Boatd ~-<eeling ~proving me buy-back (the 
"Board Meeting"'} and 
A decl3ra1Jon Is signed by al seas1 iwo Dltectl)(s of u,a Company that ttie 
Board of 01r-0cto,rsc nas ma.do a run i'1quiry mto th8 al'falr.s and prospects. of 
the Company and hAS formed the opinion on a rea,011able gmunds 1hat the 
Company, having regard to Its Staie of affa!(S., win not be rend&red ;nsolvent 
mlhin a period Of one yea, from tho datu Of lM Board Meeting and lo 10rrru:ng 
the opinion, ii has taken into ar.count 1he Uahilities i;;s a the Company was 
bosng wound up i.indcr the provlsklns of lne Act 
Tho Boa.rd or Oitoctors arc ill.SO 10'6f)Ot1Sib le for M.suring that lhe Company 
complies with the requiremen1a of· the Act 41nd the Suy-bQGk Re9tJlations:. 
Auditor·, Resp~nslblllty 
-4. Pursuant lo lho ro~ulremonl of the Buy.back Regu1ations. It i:s our responsibility lo 
obta.Jn reaionable $S&urimce on the following ~Reponlng Criteria"; 
L v"1ether wtt have lfK!ulred 1010 •~ ~I.alt> of affal<s of I.he Company lo re13110o 10 
i1s audited standalone and consolidated financial statemcolS fof the year ended 
March 31. W25 
II. wtielhOf tho amount ol capital p.aymenl for lhe buy•back. as metnloned In lhe 
Sta!emoot, is within the permi.'SSJ.ble limit oompuk.\CI in occordaoce with tho 
pn;>Vision,-01 Sectloo 68 ur1he ~ a.no Buy..i)~k Regutstlons b~ed on audited 
staoda!One and consofldated financial statements for u,e yea1 ended March 3 ,. 
2-025: 
iii, vme.lhe< uie BQard or Dite010rs ha$ formed ine opinMJn, ~s spP.dlieO In ClilU$e 
(x.) of Schedule 110 1110 Buy,baci< Regulatlons. oo reasonable grountis that lhe 
Company, having ,egatd to ds s.lale of affW1&, will not be raodered insolvent 
within a period of one year from daie of ttw, Bol:m:l M,eeling heJd on Oo1ober 24, 
2026. 
5. A reasonable assurance engagerileot invnlve:s perfomung procedures to obtain 
suffi~nl appropriate evidence on lhe R~porling Cri1erie. The Pfoced\lre, .,a.elected 
dopenu on Ultt auditor's Judg(!ment Including th!! assessmunl of lhu r!SU ossoi:la 11:d 
vf.th the Repor1ing Criteria. 1M1hin the scope of our work, we performed the foOowing 
PfOCedllCP.S ~ 
r) £)(amined tiltthoclsai;un fo1 btiy•back lin the Atlfclcs of Asscciatlon o! U1e 
Company. 
Ii) Examined 1hai the smoun1 of capital payment for the buy"Oack ~s de1ailed in 
AnMxuro I Is within lhc pcrmm:lbic-llm1I computed In 3COO<dMco wltl\ the 
provisions-or Ssction 68 of the Ad and Buy-back Regulations; 
Iii) Examined 1h.t1t 1h.e ratio of the debl O¼'ed by 1he Company. ,1 any 1$ not more 
lhan twk:e l11e-eapi1..t aod hoo resorves afte1 ~uc:h buy•bacir, 
iv) 
v) Examined that all lhe .equity shares for buy-back are rulfy pa;d-trp; 
lnqurred ffl10 the state of affairs of the Company in rdatfon 10 Its eocfltecl 
staod.ilon~ fl11anc1.tl s.tataments and COf\SO!idatod nnanclel statements as at 
and for the year ended March 31, 2025; and~xam ined budgets and projectiof\s 
prepared by 1he Manageme nt; 
Obtal11Ud and axamlnod the tnlou!es of lhe maatln9 of the Boatd ol Dlroelo( t:; 
in which U1e proposed buy-back was approved aocl rend thal lhe-Board of 
Oireotort has formed lhe opinion as specified In dau5e (X) of Schedule I of 
the Buy-bactc Regulal.iOMs . oo rl}asonable grounds !~t tho Company having 
regard t·o its stats o1 affaifs-wm nol be renderc-d insolvent wtlhin a period or one 
year from date or the 8oord Meedng 
vi) traced the falr vatualk)n ()f assats and llabtlltlas trom underlying boOb of 
account sudifed by us for the year ended March 31. 2025, 
vui) Exa.m1neo Dlreaor:s· ctec1amlion5 foe the purpose of buy•bade..and sol\'ency of 
the Company; and 
i.x) Obtained appropriate reprosentations- from the Managemen t or the Company. 
6, We oondocte(I our e,c:amiriation in accordanoo with the '01.ddanco Noto on Reports 
or C1:trllnca1us (Of Spuoal PurPoSOOi' {tho "Guldru"e Note'} issued by me lnsl1tu!& of 
Chartered Accountants of lncli$ \ICAr) The Guidance Note requires that we eompty 
with the ethical requlramon ls of the Code of Ethics issolld by the ICAI 
7. we UB!/8 oomplkid wdh tno reliwant apptlcable roquirem8f'lt$ of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Qunfity Control for FilTI\S lh;st Periorm Audt1s and Reviews 
of t-ltSlorica! Anancl3I lnformatJor,, ond OUler Ass.urarice ond Related Services 
Efl'J~81T16nts. 
8. The A.uOrted Su;;ndillone and ConsoUdated FinancinJ Statemems referred lo in 
pa,agf3ph. 5 (v) above. h.8ve nee11 audited by us on whJCh we issued an unmodihed 
audil tiplnlon vlde oor rtports elated May 14, 2025. Our audit ot lhe.se financial 
s;at,f!ments WAA canducted in accordan.;e wilh the Su;.i,Mrds on Aucfrting specifted 
undet Sect.o(l 143{ 10) of the Acl and ol.her apellcabCe &uthontatl\le pronouocometlts 
~$.lied by the IC.A.I. Those standa1ds require that wo pt.an ai\d per1om1 lfle audit 
fo obtain NfAsonable assurance about Yiiietha,r the financial statements are frP.e of 
matMlol missialemen t., Our aLJdhs were not ptannod anci p,orformeo In connooltOn 
witrl any ttansacuons to tdenbfy m.ittcts that may t.18 of p01<1ntl.al 1nt91'est to thir'd 
patlies.. Opf.nion 
9. As a re5ul1 o.f our perlonnr1nce of the rifommentioned procedures we report 1hm· 
I. We !'lave inqutred into the slate ot 81raltS or the Company In relaUoo to 1ls 
audited standaJone and consc;:,lida;ecl firnmcia,I sUitemtmls for year ended 
March 31, 2-025, 
ii. Tile arnow,t or capiln! payment ror lhl! buy-beck, as n1enlt0ned rn lhoAnne~u,o 
I, is wilhin the permissible l.imi1 computed in acoordance wiih lhe provisions of 
Section 98 or the Aci and Buy-back Regu!onons basOO on aodited s.tandoloo e 
ana consoudated nnanclal statemm,ts for the year ended March 31, 2025, 
respedivety: and 
IIL The Board of Directors hos fom1ecl 1he opinion. as specified lo Clause (x) 
o.f Schoduf:8 I 10 mo Buy•b&Ck Rogula!lons. 0i'I reasonable grounds that the 
Company llavlng regard to its sl:ilte of off,siirs will not be rnr.dered Insolvent 
within o period of ooe year from dote of u,e Board Mooting held on Octobet 241 
2-025. 
Restriction on Us.e 
10. Our OOll9a1lons In respect of this repor1 are e.nUrely separate from1 and our 
ra&Poms1biitty and llabibly Is In no way changod by. any o6Wt role WtJ may hl'lvo or 
may t,a,ve had a:s auditor of the Company or othe~. Nothing in this rnpon, nor 
anylhfo9 said or tjone I" lllo course of or k'I coonectlon wllh me services lhol aro 1t\c 
subject .of 1his roport, will extend any duty of cam we hav8 or may liava had in our 
capacity as auditor of the Company. · 
11. This r-0p(l(1 has b6en~"l.lecl ai lhe reQuesl or tho Boa,d of Directors orthe C-Ompany, 
to whom it Is addressod , solely 
(I) for inctusion m the ell:otal'l,i;lu:wy stalement to be anne11sd 1o the postal ballo1 
notice of !he Company, 
(ii) for mcfusion m the leller or Offer aOO PublioAnnowi.cenienl to be mude lo the 
shareholders of lhe Compl.lfly; and 
(W) filing wilh (a} the Ministry or Cocpotate Affairs on us de$igMied webstte, 1no 
Securities and Excharige Board of India. the SSE Um!ted and tlie Nattonat Stod 
Ex.change of India limited; (b) Jhe National Securities: Depositocy Limited and 
Cenlral Oeposdory Services (lnwo) Um11ed for lhc purpose al ex1.tngu!Shmen1 
of equdy sh.ar8"s; (c) the Au'lhorised Dealer Bank. as authonsed by the Borud 
of Chrectors,., (or tf,e purpose or aip!lal payment: and;(d) for providing lo the 
manager to 1he buy•bacl< appointed by the Company, In 001\0ecUon with 
the proposed buy~back ol !he Company's equity $hates to comply with the· 
requlremenls of 1he 8.uy-Qadl. Re9ulatlons , 
12, our report .should n01 be used for any oltle< purpose. Prioo Waterhouse. Ctwrt~red 
Aocountants LLP does nol accept cc assume arry liability or duty of cam foe any other 
purpose or 10 any other person, other lhan lhe Company. 
Pllc~ 'V'lme,house Cti.ar1e1ed Account!lnt-s LLP 
Firm RoglstraUU<I Nun1bor 012754NIN500016 
Neeraj Shal'l"MI 
Panner 
Mcmber$hlp Number.-108391 
UQIN 251083918MMJHt<9712 
Place: Pune 
Date: October 24. 2025 
Statomont of dotermlnatlon or tho amount pormisslblo capltal payment for 
proposed buyback of equity shares in accordance with section 68 (2)(o) of the 
Act and tho Ro9u~tlons basod on tho audited standalone and coti.s;otldated 
fin.incl.al statomonts as ;:,t and for tho y-oar ondod Morch 31, 2025 
Pat1ilculo\1'$ as· on Mnrch 31. 2025 
Freo ros.crvn :ts per Soetion 68 of 
the Act 
Se<:x.m~$ praml1,1m 
Retamed earnings 
Las!S: Adj1Jstme11ts as IX'' det'lniUor\ 
or tree reserves as per section 2(43} 
of iheAct 
Change in carrying amounl of asset 
Of~ liabffity ffiCllS4JrecJ lit f8irY81tHJ 
OlJfor,<XJ UlX ort di!f<Jrenoo b<Jlw<.:-On 
estlmaled gain to smplo}'99S on 
e"t.e/°Qslng of s(oq( options 
Total free reserves A 
B 
C 
D 
E=/B + 
C-0) Amount 
as p~c. 
$1.al\dalOno 
flnanc:fol 
Statements 
469.<;0 
Nil 
13.777.22 
NII 
17.88 
NII 
17.88 
13.759.34 (Hnmllllon) 
Amount 
as PJ.r 
CO'fl.SOflda ted 
fl11:1rjclal 
statements 
469.G-O 
Nil 
21.32-0 68 
Nll 
19.-29 
33,47 
52.76 
21.267.9'2 
Total paid up C8Ptlal and free Fa(,\+ E) 14~228.94 :.H,731.Si 
l"l\StMVtl$ 
Permissible cap!tal payment in 25% of F 3,S57 .23 51434.38 
occocdonce with secllon 68(2~b) 
of lhe Mt (25%. of the total paid-
up Equity Share ci:1pitlTI and free 
reserves) 
Note M&x.h'nun, 3mounl petm,m~ by u1e Board A~soluUon daled October 24, 2025 
apptoV1ng buy baOk. or equity shares Of &Clorx Sorvlo&& Limited ls t 3..000 MllllOns. 
Signed fo-r identification by For eClerx Services Limited 
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Ac::c-ountant$ LLP 
ICAI Firm Regfstr.ation Number. 012754N/N500016 Pratlk Bhanu$hall 
VP-Legat & Comp;my 
S•c.rt:l~ry 
Unouote 
12. 
12.1. 
13. 
13.1. 
13.2. 
13.3. 
13A. 
13.5. 
13,6. 
13.7. Prto, Approvi,ts from Lenders 
The Company has sanctioned f.x:llltles wllh ler.oers. As Pet' Re,gulabOn SU)(c) ano 
&hedule l(xii) or tho SEBI Btiy Back Regulations, it is confirmed .th.it tbare is no 
breach of any covenant$ as per the lenders agreementsfsai.ction letters on the 
IOOfls sanctioned/taken and lhe consent of lhe k.lnelers on the Buy Back has been 
obtained by the Company. Furtna,, the Compa11y has obtained such approvals as 
mey be cequm~ from the k,nders ptJl'$U8nt lo the provislOl\$ of soch f&e1Uties. 
Retcofd Oato and Sharoholdor EntJtlcmanl 
As required under the SEBI Buy Back RegulaOonsr the Company has. fixed 
Wedriesday, Oecember 17. 2025 -as the ,econ:, de:te (the ''Record Dahf) fo;r tbe 
l)tjll)O$C 01 ck:tutmln!ng tha Mb.U.cmMt Dncl tht.: names Ol lhe cQully s-h91C.-llOld~l'S 
who are eligible to participale m the Buy Sack. The Equity Sh.area propos~d lo be 
boughtba(;k by 1.he Company 5hall be cfrvicted mto two cafE:'gories vii. (a) teierved 
category tor SmaJI Shatt:holder:s ilt'ld (bl th11 yttn.eral catuf)UfY fut all S;t,aretlUICl~rs 
o.the, than Smell Shareholders. 
As required u11der uieSEBI Buy Back Regulations, lhe d1S&1a1a.. or the tener of oiler 
shall be th1oug:I\ electronlc ,nodd' 11'1 nccor<1a1,o, wllh lhc pr0Vl$Jons of the Aci wlthln 
two {2) worlcing days from the-Record Dale. II the. Comp.any receives a request 
from any E"lig.ible Shareholcier to rec~ n copy of the lerter of cf.fer 1n phystCOI 
f<Jrm, lhC same shall bb f)l'Ov!dod. 
As defined in the SEBI Buy Back Regulations,.a ~5man Sharehoader -ls an Ellgible 
Sha.reholr;le r who holds Equity Shares having ma,1(-et v'atue. on the basb of do$ing 
ptlco ot the £qul1y Sl\:lros on lhe Stock E:X.changDS, having the hlg.hcs.l lf8.dlng 
vofume in respect of $1.JCh Equity Shares as on Record Date, of nol more than t 
2,00.000/· (Rupe .. Two LoJcJio only). 
In oecordanee wtth Reguialxln 6 of lh& SEBI Buy 88d<. Rbg.ulalions, 15% of 1h13 
number of Equily ShBies whld, the Company-proposes lo Buy Back. or number o1 
Equity Shares enti1led as per lhe shaceholding or Smalt Shereholf.fers, wllicheve, Is 
higher shall be rlfSt)rveo fot the Small Shamholdm as part ol lt11S Buy Back. 
On the basis at lhe shareholding on the Record Cate, lhe Company will detennina 
the ~ntitiemen.t or each stlareholc!e r, loclvdio~ SrnaU Shareholefers, to tender 
tholr Eqwty, Shar0$ in tho Buy Back. Tills o:ntltlomo1u for oach !Shasehoklor wlll 
be calculated based on lhe nu1T1ber of Equity Shares held by lhe respective 
shareholder: on the Rec()(d Oate ond the ratio of the 8uy Sack applicable in the 
ca1ego1y 10 vtnlch sueh &han,holOOr belongs. iM flMI number ot shares IMI tho 
Company will purchase fro,n each Eligible Shareholder will be baqed on the total 
number of Equity Sh.ores tendete<t Accordlngly. the. Company moy not purch3Se 
ttll -of lhe Equity Shi!rEls lendetod by an Eliglbl9 SharehO!r.f.ar 
After aooepting the Equfiy Sh:al'es tendered on the basis of e.rumemen t. the E.qufiy 
Sha.res ktft to bo bought b;Jcit, if any, Ir, one category shall first be accepted. In 
propotltOn 10 U\8 Equity Sham& tend01ed ovor aoo above lhtrir en~Uomon t In the 
Buy Sadt by sharebok;1 f.'rs in that ca!egory, and lh£>1'.eafter from sharehold (;-rs who 
have 1encSered overi.lnd above Ule!r ent11Jomen 1 rn othef catego,y 
In aocorda,,ce with ROgutaUon S(lx) l:Jf th& SE81 Buy Back Rogulalions , in otder 10 
ensure lhat lhe same Eligible Stiareholder with multiple demet a,ccounts/fullos do 
not recetve higher entiUe.meo, u:nc:Jer SmalJ Sho1ehokle rcategory, the. Equity Sha.res 
held by sud, Eligible Shareholder wit" a common Pannanen1 Accounl Number 
("PAN") shaft be clubbed together tw delam-iining ihe c~tegory (Small Shareholder 
0( General} alld ontitle.me.nt under the Buy Back, In~ of joint s.horenoldtng, ltwJ 
Equity Shares he.Id in Ccltes wf18ro the Stlquence of PANS of the join! sM.re,Mldel'$ 
is identioal shall be clubbed together. In C8·se of Eligibie Shareholders holding 
Physlcal SMres where sequence of PAN is ident)C{II and whero tho PAN!l of air 
joint shareholders a.ra 1"0t available, 11\8 Registrar fa !he Buy Back will .check tha 
sequence of lhe-names of the joint sharehofders and club togather lha Equity Shares he.Id in such cases where lhe sequenQe of lhe PANs a11d the name of 
tt>e joint shareholders ace ldemicol The sh.1reholdino of lnstilutional Investors like 
mulual fund.S. lnsurat')ce comp.aniGS, rorelgn ln$lltullonal l1lvest0tS1 rorolg" p0ttrolio 
mvestors etc. with cotnmon PAN shall" oot be clubbed together for de.termining 
their er,lltlement anct wltl be '00nsid<tr(l(1 Sl}j)amtely, where. theso Equity Sil.area 
art'I held l0r (f1ffer8'nt schemes/ sutklccouots and have dtlfe«mt domat acoou-nt 
nomenclalure based on information p<epamd by Registrar to lhe 81..-y Back as per 
the aharuholdenocords racoive,ct from the tleposllories . funher, the E<iufty Shoras 
h84d uoder the calc!)OIY of 'cleating mamburs· or 'co(l:)clfate bOdy margin aeo:ciunt1 
or 'corporate body-brolo;er ' as per the beneficial posffion data as on lhe Record 
C>a1& whh common PAN .ore not p<()$10&ed I.O be cl\;bbOO 1oge11ler for determining 
thoir orUilkim;8n l and win be conSiderod~parote!y. where the,o Equity Shams are 
assumed to be held on behf\lf or clients. 
13,8. Tho parilclpatlo ,, of tne. Ellgibltt ShareliOldO<S ln lho auy Bae. rs voh.mtJ.ry Ell9,blo 
SharohOlders may opt 10 partidpate . in part or in full .. and ,~cei\lo casJ1 in lieu oru,e 
Equity Shares aooepled under 111.e Buy BACk, or they may opt not to participate and 
eOIOY a resvttant Increase In their petcen\8,ge sharehold!ng, aner ihe oompletloo of 
thtl Buy Back. vAlncrut any atl<'ltional Investment tligiblo Sha.roholdors may tender 
a p.>trt of their entitlemenL EllgibJe Sha(ehoklers also h,~wo the option of tencfenng 
addlt1ona1 stl.:lres (ove1 and above 1het< Cf'lt1Uement) and po.rtlclpate In lhe shOrtfa!I 
created du& to non-participation or some other Eligible Sharehoklsrs, If any. If tl'le 
Buy Back ~ntittf!mant for anyW$reholder is net a round number. then ih~ fractional 
COIJOCment s!\811 bO ig.norecl for compulaUOn of enUt1emen1 to lender Equity Shafes• 
m U1e Buy Back. 
13.9. The maximum tender ~nder the Buy Back by any Ellfi:ible Shareholder cannot 
oxcoocf the number or EQolty St:lat8$ held by t"8: Eligible Sllarellolders as oo 
the ~tseord Date In caSfJ lhe Eligible Shan"1okler holds Equdy Sharus lhrouyh 
m1,1ffil)le demat $000Unts. the tender Equity Shares through lhat demat ac.c.ount 
can:nol e11.oeed the number of Equity Shoo~s llelct 1/1 IJ\31 respocllve de mat occounL 
13.10. The Equrty Shares tendert.o.d as pm U1e enb1lcrmml by lhe Eligible Sharoholdess 
as well as OOdrlional Equity Shares: tend!ere~. If any, wllJ be accepted as per the 
proceduni tafd cfovm In lh& SEBI 8uy Bock Re,gulat,ons. . Eligible. Sha;enoklers wf.11 
receive a lcrtto:r of oO'ar aloQg wllh a toodor/offer Jorm fndlcatmg lhe enliUeme:n t 
of the equity aharehofder for ~nicipa:ttn9 in the Suy Baok Erigible Sharehokl~rs 
who mwe reglsterod tno1r emrul i<fs w!U1 U\.e deposrtoriest the Company. sh&JI be 
dispatched lhe Letter of Offer tbrough electronic means. If Ehglble Shareholders 
wish lo obi.,in a phyaiec3I copy of u,e L.eller of Offer, they may send a reqvest 
to 1hc Company or Re;glsln.1r at lh~ addre.sS or emall Id mtuitioood in this Pubtfc 
Announcement. 
13, 11. Detailed !ns.trucllons for partlc,patlQn 1n the Buy B~ (tender of Equ!ly Shares tn 
the Ouy 8aci(.) os wen as lhc rot43vonl SCht,dule of acttv',ttes wlU also l>e inchJ:tJed In 
lhe Letter or Off'er l.o be senl In due colJfse to the Ellg!ble Sharenolders as on the 
Record Date. 
14, Proeoss and Mothodology rot Buy B"c:k 
1◄.1. The Buy Bad< is open to aU Eligible Sharahokle rs/txmeficial owners of the 
CoffifJrttiY, hQlcjing Equity Share$ either 1n l)hy~ic;a) and.for de~terialat,'!c;I form al'. 
on 11\0 R.ecotd Date. Any petSOO WI\O does noc hold eqully shares.of our Company 
on lhs Record Date will not be eligible to participate In the Buy Bad<. and sl'\aras 
lendered by such 1>9rson(s) shalt be rejected, 
t4.2, The Buy Sack shnU bo Implemented uslng the 'Moch;11'1sm fot acquisition of 
shares U,rough Slock Exchaoge~ notifmd vide SEBI Cil,culars and foliowing lhe 
pr<,c;~ure prescnb(:(I in the Ar,1 and the SEBI S1.1y 8.)Ck Regvllltions, af\d a5 ITl3Y 
be (!CJorm!.i,od by the Boord (ir,clud1t1g Iha Buy 83ck Co!'M,lttoo .authO!Jzad to 
complete the fOrmatities of the Buy Back) and on such t.anns and condiiions as 
may be permine<t, by law from lime to ;ime 
t4,3. ror irnplemontalion of thu Buy Back, lhtt Comptiny ha& appointed Emby Globol 
Financial Services Limited as the. registered broker to the Company (the 
~company's Broker') to -raolito1e the proc~ of tandeli:ny or E"qulry Shores 
1hrougll tho st(ld( 8XCf'!MQ,8 mod\a.nism tCK" the Buy Back a~ through whom 11\e 
purchases and selllements-on aoocxmt of the Buy Baa. would be made by the 
Company. The contad details of the Company's Broker are as follows 
Emkay Global Financial Sorvfcos Umltod 
The Ruby, 70 FIOOC. Senapatl Bapa1 Marg, 
Oadar (Wesl), Mumbai-400 028, Mah.araslura ln~a 
Tot: +91226e12 1212 
Emall: ec!erx-buxba~k@emkayglob.al com 
Website: WWW,emkayglgbeJ OOW 
SEBI Registr.ttioo No.: INZ00020393J 
CIN: L6712-0MH1995PLCQ84899 
1~.4. The Company has re<1vosted SSE, designated :ilock oxchimge rooslgn;,ted 
St<><::k Exch.'lnge/Stoc~ Exchange ") to. prOVida-the. soparet8 acqut&1Li0tl wiOOow 
{" Acquisition Window") 10 faci!imle placing of sell orders by Efigible Shareholde rs 
who wish 10 teridi,r Eq!Aty Stlares Iii'! 1he Buy Bad, The detans of the pfatform wm 
be sp&elt!Od l)y 1,!11) DeSigMtOO Sloek Exchange from time+ 10 tm'le, Th& Company, 
Registrar to 1he Buy Back s.hstl provide lhe en1ideme:nt of Eligible Shareholder to 
lndjan ~caring C()Q)oration Limited ("Clearing CorpotQtlon"), 
14.5, In th8 event St'llklr Menibut(s) oto OOI rl)9istefud whh the Oos,gnmbd Stock 
Cxchar,ge (i.e. BSE) or if the Elig!~ Shruehoklers do n,oc have any stock broker 
1heo lhal El~+Ole Shareholders <.an t1f)Oroadi 30)' s1odt broker re91Sier&d Wjttl 1ho 
SSE (wllh whom they do t'JOI have. an 3.CGOUfll) and c.an m3kE! a bid by U$fng quick 
unique client code (''UCCH) facility 1hrou9h thnl stock. broker regis;erE?d wrlh 1he 
SSE steer submltUf'l9 th& det&!ls as may be reQulred. by the stock bro1<er to ba lo 
001t1plianca with I.he SESt Buy Back R~gulalions . In taS$ EJlgibf:e ShatuhOkle rs are 
not able to bid uslng UCC fqc::Hity through any other stock broker registered wrth 
the O~ated Stock Exchange, then the Ellgiblo Shareholders may e.pproact\ 
Company's Brok et, to bid by usltlg ucc:; facllily attersubtnlttlng requl.Srte oocumBl'lt$ 
aa required to complete ihe kt)cw your client ("KYC") requ:immenls. 
M,6. At the beglnnmg of lhe tendenng penod, the 0tder for buying Eq:ully Sharr.$ snatl 
oe plaood by i,,e, company through the Companys BrokQL During lhe tttt1dering 
oeriod the order for s.emn9 the Equity Sha.res, will be ptaced ln the ~uisruon 
Window by Ellglbio Shareholde1'8 thtoo9h their resjM>cUve stock broke:fS {r.$911.tr 
Member(sr > during normai trading hours ol lhe secondary markeil. The Setler 
Mambel'$ can ente;: ordero for Equity Shares held by Efiglble Sha.rehoklers iri 
dcma!orlillsed fom1 and phy"Slcal form. In the toncleririg prooess, ttie Compa(ly's 
8roka1 may also pcocoss the orders a1celved lrom the Bifp~ Sharaho!dors alter 
the Eligible aharehokJer h;we completad 1heir KYC reqvlremenl A$ requited by 1he 
Company's Brok.er. 
1A.7. The reporhng requirements for non-ra'SK!ent shareholden. under Reser'le Sank 
of lndja, Fore;gn Exch@nge Management Act, 1999, 8$ amendea. and any other 
rules. regUlotions. gulctelJnes-, for remltlatiCO of ruoos. sh.ill be mode by tho Ellgtb!e 
Shareholde1 and/01 the Sel!or membe! through which the Ehgiblo Sharehofder 
pl&ees lhe btd$ 
14.8. Funhot. the Company WIii not acoopt shares tendered ror Boy Back 'M,lch under 
tas.lra!nl o,der of lhs court I any other competent authority for transrw-I sale and 
I or lbe bUe in re,peot of which Is otheMtse under dispute or where '<:ls$ of sNtre 
cenincates h.as been notified to lhe COmpafly and 1hc c1up11ca1e stlrue cenlflcate 
have nol been iswed either due to such reques,t being under proce5,s• as per lhe 
provi$ions Qf law or 01hervli$e. The Compi31ny w!II nol Blly B@-ck Equity Sha<es. 
whf<::h ilfe locktld•CJl ut 11011-twnsreroble, utttU the pi:!ndencyol such kiek-111, w un1U 
ltle Equity Shares beoome trans1erabfe. as app4icable . during the period between 
the date of opening nncr dosing or lhe Buy Back Offer 
14.9, Procedure to bo 1ollowud by Ellglble Sharoholdors holdlng Equity Shares In 
the dematerialized form 
a} Eliglble. Shareholcfers who desire to tender rhelr Equity Shares In 1he 
clOCttoolCI domaterlat1zcd form under Buy Boek wouSd hove to do so through 
theil respecllve Seller Member by giving_ fhe details ol Equity Shares lhey 
tn\efld lo tender under the Buy Back. 
b} Tho Seller Mombcr would bo rcqultcd to place an orck:r.1>1d on bohatf ot the 
Eligible Shareholde, .s who wlsh to lender Equity Shaces in the Buy Back 
using 1he Acqulsdion Window of 1'1e Oes.lgnaled Stock Exchange. For runtier 
dotalls, Elig,ble Sharehokl\lrs ,nay rote, to 0\8 e!ra.ilars Issued by Oes!gnatod 
c) 
e) 
n Stock Exchange or Ciearing Corporation. 
The details of tfle settlemenl number undet' which lhe lien will be matll.ed oo 
lhu E.qu1ty Sh3!'9$ tondered fo,r the Buy Saci<. wltl be prOVlded In a separate 
circular to be issued by the Stock Exchanges and/or Clearing Corporabon. 
The 1ren sh.all be marked by 1!1e Selle:r MemUl'tt in the demot BCCOunt of 1he 
Ellglble.Shal'tlhbldu!'S for 1h8 sli3.rat tMdered In lender o!'!er. Oe-1ans of sharos 
macked a& !ien lin Uw dernal oooount of I.he shareholder shell be provided 
by lhe depositorie5 to CJearfng Corporation, In ease. lne Shflreholdel'$ 
dernat aCC®lll tS held with OA8 dopOOilO!'Y and dearlng n--.ember pool and 
Cle.aring Corporation account is hetd with other depository , shares shall be 
blocked 1n the shafehokle rs demat oooount a1 sou-ice deposltory during 1he 
lend~rfng period. Inter Oeposiiu,y Tender Offer ( .. 1or) inst,ucOOM .$llall be 
mi'liated by ths sh.arSholders at source depository to clearing member Qr 
Clearing Corporation accoonl at target depository . Soc.rrce depository sbo.!I 
block lhe shaceholdet's secutitle:s (l.1:1, 1.ranstm lrom fl"8e balaJ\ce lo blocked 
balance) and send IDT message to target depository fm confirming C<eafioo 
ot lien. Details of SfltlfOS blocl<od rn the $1'\ar~holde.rs demal account sl\311 bo 
provided by lhe I.argot deposi-tory lo tho Clearing CorporaUoo 
Far custodian participant orde<s for den,ateria fiz;ed Equity Shares. ewly 
pay,in ,s mandatory orior 10 oonftrmatioo of o«lerlbid by custodians The 
cust.odian parbeipan l shaa either oonrirm or reject the ofOOn; no! lalbr 1'1an 
closing of 1racfmy hours on the !asi day of lhe tendenng pe-riod Them after, 
all uncor,flrmed 0tdors shall be deemed to be rejected. For .all custocfltlfl 
pa.tlieipanl confirmed ordet&, any otder modlncatlon shall revoko the 
aistodian confirmation and th-e revised order shall be senl lo the custodian 
again for conflrmritlon , 
Upon pladng ID8 b.d, the SeilDr Member(.$) &ha.II ptovide Transaction 
Registration Slip (IRS') geoorated by the Stock Exchange· bidding system 
to tho El.glble Stiare1101oe, Of1 whose t:>ehatf the bid nas been pjaced . TRS 
WJU conlain dtita!ls bf ardor submitted tik~ bid 10 Na .. app&catlon number, OP 
101 client 10, number of E'quity ShB.te.1;, tendered, P.lc, In case of non-receipt of 
lhe completed tenOOf form and other documenlS, but llen marked on Equity 
Sha1'8s and a v.llld bid in lhe e:<change bidding Sj'Sletn, Ille bkl by sud'! 
Eligible Sharaholde:r shall be deemed lo h,we be,en aGcepfed. 
Corud. 
g) The Biglbl-e Shareholders wlll have to ensure Iha! they keep the depositoty 
pBroCipant {''OP") 3CCOUnl active a1"\d unblook~d. In case-of releas,ng cl I ten 
on EquJly Sharas due to rajodlons o, due lo non -acceptance or EqultV 
Shares under the Buy Back, Funt,er, Ellgibfo SharehoJClers will have to 
ensure lhat lh8y koap I.he bank accounl a.ltach8d with the OP account active. 
and upd!:)ted to receive «edit remittance due to accepl&flce of Buy Back or 
Equity Shares by the Company. In case me, cioarlng Corporation is uoable 
to ma~e the dlreci pa:ymeru into El!glbJe Shareholders, demat linked Qank 
account then the respocdvc payn1on1 wlll be mado to l11&ir' Set:te, Mentber tot 
further dePQ,;lti"g into Eligible Sllarehol<:18f'6: accounl, ~pense~ (looludlng brokerage) 9to., lhat may be levied by the Seiler Member 
upon Iha selling shareholders f-Of tondoring EQui;y Shares in the Buy Back 
{secondary market transact.ion) . Tho.Buy Back consideration received by lhe 
Eligible Stiareholders , in respeci of sccep-ied Equity Shores. coutd be oet of 
such costs. applicable 1a.xas, ctmrges and @xpens.H {including brokerage) 
and the Company POCEPts no (e--lPOOSiblli'ly 10 hear or pay $uch OOditloos.J 
cost, chatges and O~onsM (ir'tehJdlng br'Oka<oge) h'lCUrttld S°'81y by 0'18 
El;glble Shareholdef'S. The Seller Member(&) wovJd Issue QOnlroci nole lo 
Eh~ible SMrehofd(.\l'S for th.e Equity Sh0r$S oooopt~d und81 Iha 8uy Sack. 
14.10. Ptoc:oduro lo bo followed by Ellglblo Sh.a.rohold urs holding Equity Sh.aros In 
the Phyt;ical form ii. In case-the Equity Sha.res are held on repalrialkin basis, the non• 
resident shareholder shall obtain and e,nclose 3 11).{fo, from ilS authorised 
dealar I bank-confirming thal a! the time of aoqulring such Equity ShBr8$, 
paymen1 for the same WO.$ made: by the non-resident Share-holder 
from the approprialo accounl (o.g~ non-rasiden! exwmid aooount) as 
specified by RBI in its. apprOl/al In paSP. the nq,we!3ide<it shareholder 
is not in a position to produce the said c01titieate. tn& Equity Shat8S 
w·ou!d be deemed lo ~ve been soqulred on non.-repalrlation basis 
and In U'.at ca!e toe non.rosldenl sf\al'ehoklor shall !;:Ubmlt :.i consent 
letter ado'reiS8d 10 lhe Company, al1ow1n9 lhe Company to make 1he 
payment on a no11-ropalfia6o n basis, In rospoctof the vcllrd Equhy sha.(8$ 
i:1c.cepted under the Buy 8adt, J4.14. The Equity Sh.ares fyin9 10 the er.edit of the Comp~y's Dem.at Aooount and 
acoap18CI 1i11 ohyslcal form W\11 ba ~xtlngulshod In tho mannar and toltowiug 1he 
procP.dvm proscribed in the SESf Buy Sack Regu!ations... 
a) All Ellg!bre Shatehofders holdlng lhe Equity Shnr.es 111 ph)•STcal torm ~ha9 
no1e thal Ir, accordance 'With the proviso to regul&ti0r1 40(1) of the SESI 
listing Regulatjons (no11ried by che Securili~ ana E,cchaogo Board or lndla 
(lis11ng Obligalions and Disclosure Requiremenls) {Foorth Amendmen t) 
Regulations. 2018), read wi1h SE81'.S oress,elease 48ted Decembef 3, 2018, 
transfers of .securities &hall not be processed unless lhe !tecurilies are held 
In 1he dematorlafilod torm with 8 cfeposi1ory Wflh effed from Ap,11 1, 2019 
However. in accOfdanee with lhe SEBI cil'cular oo. SEBVHOICFD/CMD1' 
CIR/P/2020/ 144 doled July 31, 2020, Iha Ellg"iblo Sharehol°"" Mloing 
Equity Shares in Lhe physical form ale anowed Lo tttnd8r lhak Equity Sharois 
01 the Bu)' Back provided 1na.i 5uch (endering s:liall be as per the pr¢v\$ions of 
Ul'8 Sl:SI Buy Back ReguJatlon$ and ltums-provided in the latter l)f offer 
b) Eligible Sha.rehoiders vlho are holding Equity $h1;tres In physlcaJ form· and 
i-ntenef lo participate in the Buy !:lade wlll 00 toqW:rf:KI to awl'Oa<:h (l'W3it 
respective · Selle, Members along with lhe complete fJC:.I of docvments 
for ve-rlflcatiOn ptOC:Odurcs to be carried out h'lduding the (I) ortglnol share 
certi!icate(s) {!i} valid sham tram,fer form(s} (i,e., form SH-4) duly filled and 
slgrt<Cd by mo tronsfo(0($ (1.C. by an (CQ!SIO(Od Ellglblc ShorohuldOf S In same 
order and as. per lhe specimen signatures registered wUh the Company) and 
duty whne:ssed 01 the approixtate place nulhoribng the lroosfer In tovour ot 
the Compa11y (iii) sett-attested copy or tile Eligible Shareho!dets PAN Ciutf 
(IV) the Tel'ldcr Form duly .$JgtMld (In case lhe Equl(~ Shsre.s, ate In tolot 
names. the Tender FOl'm mus\ be signed by all Eligible Shareholders in lhe 
same order In wt'ilch ttioy llOld. me Equ,ly Shares) aod (v) any 01her relevanl 
documents such as power ol attorney, corporate authorizalion (Including 
board resoMion/ specimen signature) , notorized copy of <Sealh certificate 
and successJon certificate or pc-oba!ed wlll, If the orlg)Jlal sharahoklo r has 
~ased. el,;., as &ppllcobkl . In addl1ion. If the addrE!ss of an E(igible 
Sltarehotdw has undetgone a change trom U\& addr&S$ t"QIStet8d J11 tile 
Re\}.ister of Members of 1he ComflU!ly, such Eli9ibSe-Shareholder woold be 
('(!Quited to ,ubmll a se1r-.atl~st8d copy o4 address proof consistJng of any 
one or the rolto.wmg documents : valid Aadhar C-ard, Vqter lcfe<illty Card or 
Pa$$+1ort. 
c} Based on the documents men1loned in pe.ragr;;ph t'>bove, 1he concerned 
Sollct Mom but' $1ia!I place the bid on behalf ol lbc EUglblo Sharcholdat hold,119 
Equity Shares in physi~ form who wishes to lender Equity Sllares in the 
Buy Back usln:g lht: Acqulsltkln Window of tht: Oesfgn.all'd Sto<:lt E>tchongt: 
Upon pt.acing the bid. the Seller Member shall provKle a TRS generated by 
tho Designated Stock Ex.ctlGfJ9e· bidding system 10 I.he Etl9't1le Shoreholde( 
TRS will contain (he di:lails ol order submitted like Fqlio No., application no., 
Certificate No., Otslinctlve No • number of Equity S11ares tendered eic.. 
d) Aflgr placing the bid, the Seller Member ol the Elig:lbie Sharnholdec ·has 
to dellver 1htl orf:glnat .share ,co,ur.cate(s) and do<:t.lments (as menrioned in 
pa,agrapb 14.10 (b) above along with TRS eithet by rogistered post orcourie, 
or hilnd delivery 10 Regls1mr 10 the 8-uy Back {81 lht? \ldd"fl-"..SS me1"1t10nP.d at 
paragraph 16 below) on or befote Ibo Buy B~ closing date. The ert\lelope 
should be superscribed as "e<;fenc· ~MOes Limited• Buy Back 2025". One 
copyo(Ule lRS WiU b6 f&t.aiocd by Roglsttar to 1.1'18 Buy Back and II will P!Ov,de: 
sckno·w1ed9e-ment (I( the same to the Seller Member/ Eligible Shareholder. 
&) Ellgiblo St1ateh0kler hOiding Equity Shares in p.nySical forrn should ni>!e 
ihat physical Equity Shares wm not be acc:ep1ed unlen 1he oomp!ete se1 or 
dOWments-c,rc subrniued 1 ... ccept.\nci, of ltle physlca! E(ludy Shaios for U10 
8uy Bac;k.sha!I be StJbjl!ai to verification as per tha SEBI Buy 8ac;k-Regul~OORS" 
and-any tont\er d!rec:L«>nslssued In lhls regard The Re9''Sttar 10111e Buy Bock 
will verify such bids basoo on !he dooumenls submitted on a daily basis. The 
verification or lhe orJg,nal shore ceitiflcat.e(s) shall be completed on 1he date 
of receipt by lhe Regislmt to lhe Buy Back. Once the Registrar to the Buy 
Sadt confirms the bids, II wdl be Ve-.'lted as ·confirmed bkls". 
f} All documents as menlloned above. shaD be enclosed Yr.th the valid Tender 
form, otherwise the Eqv1ty Shares tendered will be lloble for refection .. The 
EQtJity Shares shall be liable rot rajeclion on lne tallowing g:rouods amongst 
others: (i} tr there is any other oompany's equity .share oertificate{s) encl00-0d 
vnlh the Tentkr Form lnstaad ol the Equity Share certtl'ica1e(s) of lho 
Company; (ii) 1f 1he transml$slon or Equ,ty Shares 1s not r.ompJe:.ed . Wld tile 
Equity Shares are nol In the name of the Ehgible SMraholdors: (Iii) U the 
Eligible Shareholcjers: tender Equity Sliares but the Registrar to the Buy B$c:lt 
aoos-not re.ooive U1e Equity Share catllficate(s}, {Iv) In C8&-0 lhe signab.Jro 
on the Tender Form and Form SH--d ck)e& not match as per the specimen 
signature recordod with Compnny/ Reglstrar to tho Buy Back. 
g) In case any Eligibfe Shar.eholde,r ha$ $1.JbmiUed Equily Sha,es in phys101J 
fotm fOf domo.toriall.£8tloo. such Eijglolo ShorohOklors shoukl orisUro that the 
process of getting the Equlty Shares demateriali1ed is compJeted weU In time 
so I hat lhey can paniclpatc In the Buy Back before tno closing c,f tra-dlng houts 
on the date. of closing of Buy Baek 
!,) For EquJty Shares held by EJlg,ble. Shareholc:lffi , boklO non,reS!de.111 
sharehofders: 
L Ehglb!e Share-holders. b~ng noo,resldem sharehol(le, s (excluding 
Foreign institµbon&t invasloralfol8ign portrolio mvestor5) shall also 
endos!l a oopy of lhe permission recefl/ed by lhom trom RSI. 1r 
applicable. to aoquffo the Equity Sharas hokt b!{ them. Ill. II tlfly ()f lhc abov+.: Slattfd documt:IHS {OS appijcablc) a"' noc t'llndosed 
akmg with the Tender Form, ihe Equity ShMeS ~endered under 11le Buy 
&ck are tiabte to bo reJected. 
14.11. Modrfieationl a.mcel!a!ion or ord&rs will be allowed during the tendering period of 
t11e Buy Back Mufl,pfe bld$ mode by~ sing~ E1!gible Shareho'der&tlal l be ct,ubbtxl 
and considered as "ooeH bid for lhe porpo;ge of acceptance . 
14.12. The website) oftne 0eS¥gnated Stook" EJ{Change shall <1~1ay o.n1y cooflrrnoa 1>1ds 
and accordingly, Iha cumu~tive quantity tendered shall be ma~ avallable on the 
website of the Oeslgnated Stoclt Exohange (I.e. www-hselndta oom) throughout 
U1e tr'ciding sessions and wll l>e updated al 15p1.1ci6c Intervals during the tendering 
pef\od, 
14.13. Method of Settlement 
Upon flll81iuttion oi 1he basis of acce(Rance as per lhe.SEBI Bt1y Bac:k; Regulations: 
e) The sctueme:ot trades &hall bo ca1ried oul in tb8 manner stmltar to setUement 
of trades in seoondary ms Meet. 
b) Thfl Company wt.ti pay the consJtlerat.on I<> lh& Compai,y's Broker wh!Cll w111 
tMnsfer the funds pertaaling to the Buy Back to the Cfenrlng Corpoffltion·s 
bank ac:oouflts as po, tho prescribed schedule For Equity ShotM acccptOd 
undi!r itie ~y B~. the Cleating Corporabon wiR make direct funds pAyout 
to lhe respective BIQ:lblt'I ShafehOtder's bank nccouot ltnked to me <1ema1 
accounL If Eligi~ Shareholders· bank aoQOunt details are not avai\able or 
if lhe f1>11cts lmll$fC:r lnstruci)C)n .ls tefected by R8Vsn El,glblc Shoreholde r's 
Bank, due to any reason, then such funds will be transfetred lo !he concerned 
Seller Members senlement bank account for onward tron:-;ftir to their 
respective sharahoktera. 
c) In case of certel<l <ypes of Ellg,ble Shareholder I e .. NRI, foral~n cllenls, 010. 
'Wher.o thero arti specifl'C RBI and other rogutalory raqulroments-partaln!ng lo 
funds payout, which du no1 op1 to sell:Se through custodlans. 1he funds pay-out 
would be. given to theft m.spectivl)S~!lo.r Memb8tS sattla:rnont bank account for 
onward 1ran-srer to the EIJglble Shareholclers For th)s-purpo$e, lhe dieni type 
ctetailS would be collected from lho Registrar to !1"8 Buy Badl. •Hti(tt&as funds 
payout perteintng to lhe t)i<ts seltiP.d lhmvgh oostodlarn; wdl be lmnsier~ lo 
the .setl.f8men t bMk actout1t of lt)Q custod!a.n, each In acCOtdaooe wllh the. 
applictJb!e mechanlsm prescr.0:erJ by SSE and the Clearing CorpOf'l'.ition frnm 
lime to lime-. 
d) 
I) 
g) 
h) 
I) 
j) The Equity Shates boughi back in demat form WOl.lld be tran$!ened di:redly 
to the doo-tat aooount of !he-Company opened tor 8uy So.Cit ('Company 
Oemat Account") provided it ts 11\dicated by the Company's Broker or it will 
be tmnsfe:rreCI by tlwl Comp_1ny's Broker to the Company Oemal Account on 
raceipt of the-Equity Shares llom lhe clearing and selllemenl mechanfsm or 
111e Dcs,gna1e<1 s,ock Excl\8J1oe 
The Ellg!bk! Shareholders will have ta entrure thal they keep the DP aocDUnl 
active and unblocked, In C3Se of releosirtg of lleo on €qul1y Sharos due h> 
1ejections or doe to non -acceptance ot Equity Shares under the Buy Back. 
Further, Eligible SharehoJders WIii hove to ensure that they ke-ep the ban.k 
aocou:nl attached with lhu OP acco1.m1 ad!ve and updated lo reCaivtt credtl 
remi(4'1nce due 10 acceptance of Buy Back of Equity StuJ.{e$ by the Cocr.Reny, 
E.x.<:OSS d8!'1'18;1 Equity Shares or ul\QfX:Qpl8tl denial Eqully Sh8J8S. if any, 
tendered by l)le Ellgibie Shareho4de ra, lien on i;udl $hare$ would be releest"d 
by lhe Clearing_ CorpotaUo n and ShaJI become (me 'n (he r8$peCtlvo E.llg!b!G­
Sharetlolde r·$ DP aocount. 
In thO-caso of tnlt)f-dt)flO:S-( lOry, Ul& Cleatil'\9 Corporation WIii Car\C8l the $J(C8SS 
or unaccepied shi;ues in target depository , The source deposrlory v.iU not be 
able: to rete:,se the lien wi'lhOtlt 11 r~asc or lntor Oepcshoty T""der (IDT} 
Offer message-from target depository. Further, release of IDT message shall 
be seoi by tatgot deposllOfY ei1het booe<t on cancellat1on request received 
from the Chlaring Corpora!lon or avtomaticajly gen.-erated aftgr mat(lhmg with 
8.cf accepted de~I 3S recel\led from u,e Company <)r the Registrar to 1he 
Buy Baek. Post receiving the IDT message rrom te1get depository , soutce 
aepoGltory wlll cancel/ reJeaso oxces:s or uiiacceplod block snares in lho 
demal account of the Eligible stiarehokler. Posl completion or tendering 
period -and receiving lh~ recrufsite dett1lls viz .. <lemal accoont detf1ils Antl 
accepted bid qui,Vltity. souroe dapo-srtory stiall 00bit the saeurioos as por the 
comrnunioatlonf me1isage received from target deposJtory io the extent of 
ac:Gapted bid Stlat8S from Eliglble Shrueholdt:ir'S demat accounl a11d cr.aodft rt 
tQ Clearing C-Ofporalion settfemen l ll<:WUnt in t.argel depository on selffemenl 
aato. 
Ally e.xcl;:$$ physlci,1 Equity Shares pu~uanl lo proportlona-le ;acoeptan~/ 
rejodon v.'ill bo fotumed back to the El'9lb!8 Shorohotd&r drflldly by the 
Registr~r fo lhe Buy Bade. Tile Company Is authorized to ~Id the sham 
ccttJriCOl¢ aod issue .a ne'I\• COt'lSotldatod sJi,orc cortitlcato '°' lhc unocooptOd 
Equity Shares, in case 1he Equity Shares accepted by the Company {Ire less 
lllaM the Equity $hates tendered ln the Buy Sa~ by Ellgible Sharetiolelers 
holding Equity Shares in 1he pt,y-sical fom,. 
The Company·s Srok:er woulCS 31:so Issue o con1ract 11010 10 Ule Company for 
lhe Equity Sh.ares accepted under the Buy Baek. 
Eligib!O Shareholders who Jniend to pa.rtlclpaic In 1he Buy Sack should oonsurt 
ttieir respective Seller Member !or any cost, applicable I.axes. charges and 15. C.ompllanco Otfic:or. 
15.1. The Board at its mea.ling held oo October 24, 2025 appointed Mr Pra6k Bhanushall, 
VP • Legal 8 Company Secretary of u1e Company. as the C-0mpbance Office., fot 
1he purpose af I.he Buy Sack ("Compliance Officer"). Investors may contect U1e 
Compliance Officer for any c1arlficatt0ns or to-address their gri,evanccs, If any, 
during off,oe ho1,1rs i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m on all working diJYS exoept Saturday, 
Sunday aoo publlctiolldays tit! t11e closure of ttie-Buy &Ck, 01 the followl"g MdreGs; 
Mr. Ptatlk BhanushaU 
VP-Loga, & Company Soer1:1;tary 
eC!enc Service$ Limited 
CIN: L72200MH2000P LC125319 
Regd. Office: Sonawata Buik11ng, 1 ... Floo,, :i?9 Ban~ Stroot 
Fort. Mumblll 400 023. Mnluirashtta, lnd.ia 
Phone No.: .f91 (22)6614 8301, Fa.-No.: +91 {22) 66-14 8&55, 
Emall ld: lovestor@oolectc oom Wobslto: "®Y eclw:x oom 
16. Registrar 10 the Buy Sa.ck/ Investor' Service Centre 
In case of Any queries, shareholder$ may a1$Q contact !he Reg~itar lo the Boy 
Back. duling offlco hours 1,c, 10.00 a.m. 10 5.00 p.m on all 'Wotklng days. ~xcop! 
Salurday, Sunday and public holidays till lhe olowre of Buy Back. at (he following 
alklress· 
KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Contact Person: Mr. M Murafi Kr1sh,u1 
R01Jd, Off.: SeJonlum Towtr B. Pio! 31-32. 
Fittaocial District. Nane.kramgud.a . 
Serilioga.mpalfy Mandal. 
Hyderabad • 500 032", Telangana. India 
Tel.:+ 91-40-671622 22 
Fax-:+ 91-40-67161563 
Toll Free No: 18003094001 
Investor Grievance Eman: 
einward.ris@kfintech .oom 
Emall: ~.buvbac~2025@~fia•~lllll 
Website:~ 
SESJ Regn. No.: INR000000221 
Validity Period: Permenenl 
CIN: L72400MH2017PlC444072 
17. Mo.n3gcr to tho 8uy 8oc:k 
EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Cor1t~ct Pot'SOn: Mr Oeepak Yad3v/ 
Ms. Heerta Sllam<o 
Regd. Off.: The Ruby, 7, .. Floor, 
Sooapoo Bapal Marg D"'1ar•\'Vos,. 
MtJmbcd • 400028. Mah313Shtra. India 
Tel. No,; •91 22 66121212 
Fox No.. •91226612 1299 
£mall Id: cCk:u,buytmg@emkayslotmtrom 
Website; W1.yw.fmkay,c1klbfll com 
SEBI Regn, No.: INM000011229 
Volldlty Porfod: Pem,~nenl 
CIN: L67120MH1995PtC084899 
18, Dlroc"tc>f'$ Roa:pol\Slbillty 
18, 1. As l)C!f RegulallCln 24(1) (a} ot U1e SES! Buy Baek Rog~albOns , tne Board of 
OireciOI"$ of the Company (''Soard") ao:-.ep1s responsibility for lhe informal:lan 
con1alood In lhls PublkAMounco menl and conR,ms ll'lal thir. PubllcAnuouncemo-nt 
oontains. true, factu~ and matP.riiJI information Rtld doe.snot aontaio any fmSl®diJt.g 
•nt01maJJon. 
l'his Public Al'lr'lOll~rner, 1 is issuea ur1cklr lhe au111ority or th.e Boara in (Qrn1S of 
the <esolVlion pat1.sed by the Soard on Odober 24, 2025 and b)' the Buy B.ack 
Corrvnillee on Decernbor 5. 2025 
For ~don beh;,df of I.ho 80;,nJ of Oirocto,.. of t1C1or.l( Sorvlco,; Um;1od 
SCI· 
Mr. Kapll Jain 
M3~ing Oirccl« a. 
Group CEO 
OlN: 10170402 
Plaoo: LOMOn 
Oate• Der.ember 5, 2025 Sd/. 
Mr. Amit MaJmudar 
No'n•E.xOCl•tlVc l1,d¢pel"ld(:tt'II 
Dlrecior 
DIN. 00565'C25 
Plac:.o Mu,nl)a,J Sdl• 
Mr. Pratlk BhanushaJI 
VP. Lcga.J &. Company 
Secretary 
(ICSi Membership No.: F8538) 
Place: Mumb:il 
~ IDBI BANK ~ ~:<1PDol'blr.t 1".~di rt. ~ l!Ja.,a11\c,'f'i•r••••'­
....._1414f.a-.; ~~:k,r.6fu..~~ 44qlli. 'o. .wiiirt1'~ . ·~· 'lrl~"' • ~ ;mfaa. lfl\,rq 'lfi~. ~. ~ttTU"\l @. .._, 
1.Y1-H\'f•/'111.\1\t.\.41/18,C:.,,•\~lH• ~: ,r,i!cft-.; al, '11f--­~h1!j"'-,.,,;, ~ >Ol ;#, a 
~ ~ loY, l 9 ~. ~ ~~ila-€1: 1) 'll>~. <••\imi:Ul;m-"'li!;~ 
J:R, ~ >fl< Jfg ~~.aft ai;,i;j\ ~ afifl t,~­
ai,pfa~~-"""~~ ••• .w..l'!lz, ~ 
,., ...... ail .,m, ,mvr JfilqJ tm~ Rim, -.fl,r,,r,ft~ 
af<R i,~,.-.t.Pfa~ "'!!:t ••i.a .;i;;,ii;fa ~'"""11!ml, 
«1,°&T.l{!l.'!{I.U.U-t,-,Ji,t-j •••• n~am.~ ~ itdiR ~ ~ AIQit1tlittlt1 
1ITURVI~~ .,,1lj..,1fra1 
CIN: L65190MH20040011 48838 
-"}, .. 
1 _... ... 
¥~~ 
'NA¥6illiPBefi ---..,...-. 
~lf~'l'l" 
""' -111W ........ e..uu..•~••u1~1~)1,: ~ -~.ar, 
~-WIHl&li;I{ fu&;)..,f{dl ~~ 
(Will C(q) f.oo ~ ( t) <it iRjR 'l1() 
~~UIIR """ ,_ 
""" Fl;., 
W-...t 'l'•l, ?llff-a.. t • itA.~--~-
oii..t~.ISfl'i-,fl ·v•\l•t.U?f .. ttlt•lt1.--l•.•l:~ 
~•l • ..,. 'Pf31, PlfU -.:. ,. =t. Q.t ""-"""' l~uaig 
title.~11.it, ,ll~iflft or-ti{ tl6 if'rd. 111,:M '[" 
¥•tV•~. es IS'l'l.l'l 10. 'l, 
om 111!ft~ ""' 
I'. 1.,. -... 
•. l.~• .. , --~-n.r;,, """ \•.\t.l:•l\Prn" 
'-~-'~ 1'18" 
\♦.\,~i"•~u.& 
,. ~""lfmlftfi'i,.,• ":om~n~lllTOttflS"C -··.•~ri=r~~ ... ·~~=r~n ilft11m"111~·a 
•~~• •--~~~ff2f.-.ftmlNlfil:4ifR~~-
\. 7W,f;"'l!lnlt ~-f'!S~'~~~ -~~~~ ..... l. \••••/-JIIC 
-~..X'fl'l<C-l'Fl-(Plt)lll.li'lll" .. w.:ac, .~G~~m11'1:f}"'l~ l-•◄~~Uttf~ •<AT... ~.,. dM~1 1tl'lt4'<-ft~mFl'ftC-a.,_ . Rlli't~~ t-~-~t'INdtV.a: -.~ m O(.ot.1•''-lPla tt.toi,. i,.♦O .~..-... , ~,Wlr,9(~Jr&.,..~~,!q-~'Rlf 
~¥'ff'-il.•~•~~ i!M. ~t. iO •r.-,;.an. f'~-~if«. ll!lt"".Jlr,:i. !Pf._,•-~-~i­
'ffl:-s~ •~ce .c-.. ~•· -<l'ltll•ll• (ti1Mo 1ml -.fl"~ 
Y. i-1if"r114~~1',n:,-~ilft.lm<t~~~~,illltll~~~: 
mOMntMt ooe"'-••11tnrn:11ffltftW . 
,\. ~~-!ff.. !9'i.iii~ •:P-41"4a"€'41~ ~ -~~ IJ«illrs-{ft'di).ll~ ~~~ .~--ooi' 
M ~ ~ .a.nu.·AAA14 k ~. 'O('!t:I •ffl'f 1JP!Jt URI •· ,,uv,t,,..,tocf~, . ._,.,(W(i+ffi ~ : ~ .. .,.,;,,t.1n'l!:~.i .. ~~ii-,diilq.~llfff ffl~~~!!o:II'~ 
<$0<11(., ~~~>-a!Y"..f~..ti (~}.~~ ffl!l'ii, ~;)ff°/P"J'l.1";4fl"-Y'f•PW-ff$. ~~ 
~-~P.si..W\1111111;;;f...,..... .ii.tur~lri -~-..--1~«'1" d11M0.ffla". 
c.. ~-.ir-.t~~~lt".-A1""'1~ 1l'ii."(_,.~(t.."f4!,fl fai1119ff).:iiin1M'!l~ang. 
~1\,,iHS.1-.Wi"!~?11s::-~, ... ~lNlil°iim:R'"-IIR~~~~~.all)lll)il 
flllfa. rG,-~ f"""" ~ll'll'llt"'1f ~~91:"119. ""'1WJl111i'1""31~.-..a~ -.ari.:-t. 
-.. ~8'<Rf"l,c~ _,...lfltlfii;.ctl"M..tJI ~a«i~~•~~ir . .lJ<i&~W"ll!l" ... ~ 
-111.w!~~~-Vlralll't~,_....,,~ .. ~°'t'~--.. . 
<-. lilr.Jt~~•-PS~P .. ~f!tli'"4~ ....... ~tt.m~¥"'/~~~.'"NNlll'1'6.1-Eil ~ ~iff~~ · ~-~~~"§~.nr~ ---•RS/Nllw;w,,i mis~.---~~~ 
.,._:-,:iq 'IIJll'f"3\o,;R,o ; *"'ml ~4 \18.N ~ 
t. ~ u+ioi ~ IIE~~fl ~/~/f~(A,. ~ li;ia ... lfl<&f"WI cmd lit~ a..­
~~m"--~~~~ ... "6111,nf;I. 
t•. qi:iilr~~" UQw-...~ ¥'tiilllfil-WIP{ ◄lf'IJ'" ,.;w .u<J-ani. 
\\. ~ii~iidie ~~ ,p~ ~. a'4.1Qo£'~. ~-"",fl ria«~ IP :ai:qw-.uii,ttr,:PI ~.,nil. 
,~. -.n.D~u~ ~"4, la., ...... mair.~i!Wmir'lffo ~. ~"llinffl. 'IN~.-, ~ .. 111ioi ~ 
~ 'lif!QJ~ ,.-"" ~◄11.a ..,,-M, Ifft""' o$A, !t<li, orsme:_ --. ••• .,1 lff'II ~-•· 
~ .. •~ ... l-•/t)(l•u-t~vaf\t'-.l\(W(t. lit, 6,~ r.1111UU:ulkllmigldblc o.flt ffl -.Jdlllblwlk.la Qol i,;Jt:c "GR"'.-A­
~ 4B" lffa. 
\J. ~ ~ • fa.. ~~oat. "!.'41 ~ ...... 'K•""ti..(-•/\-.l ♦ct~..--,,\\~(t..a . -ii:N : 
•MuUntltM'l'ligklbt.co .ln lft..&l~ •V.\l.t•~d •~.•\.~•l'\~~•~M a. ,~ .. is--•V:••1#1. ~-..41 ~~pr,~~ ~.-.!-•nllft. ir.fl,wft. e18$afit,4.lf!,q't -y,p'.~. 
, .... ~~• ~ .:ilP.on ~ < (,) fbt 'l (t) ~ ~ ~ ilffl'fi .in;-:tt ~~ ~ iO 
f.bntlo~~ <(t.o)~~~~~~~~mM't"""'"" ·~ 
"""· -,~ 
~:•i...n.~•~ -·-'"~"'""' ~ f.,tli:;la:. -git ii. u, ~ ~ :sfflij {aR). ~ Y.o•'-.l M,.,.,.-,....-.m(l!PI 
t. i'-.o/-.-OVA~lilllS'B") :i 
irJll ~ •· \ ,;,:ii ~ '"El 
-M'< 1' ii •• 1):r.;!1- ) ..,.;;;_ !lliflltiJoto;r. . 1/m. ,r.q-,._ 
•I ('IP!).-...-. ;,;r,,, ,..;;, !'f· ....,., ___ ,.,.i'a. 
1'11-!i.w,'-,l},.t;tq ,..,,. _. -~ """"'"" ~~l)q~<J1.Na.ti{ia 
""'"· -~_,..."""1J:illl , t)'t;,_,..._~· · ~., .. ,,1.--~ .., ... ..,..,..,, "" •. -.. 
·~mt"~~: 
1) -~ itlfiii'z. ~ !b ~. ,·tet. 
1ft. ~~ 1ffel· ·~ 11!8" ~ 
!ii.~·~ 's""• .. ·­~;­•)~-.. .,.-...... 
~-~ih~~.~ .. ,-n­
"'·· ~~ii .~"¥, ~ ti lf«II. -- • ..-trt-­ q1,..,~-$. ~- ..,;;,i<t,,- ..... ---~ 4 <llffll/%i' ---~-.;,,. 
~ wrt:~.ra- fiR1 iffi.;;fl 
~ -Vii. -· """ 
-. ""'· ""' ""11/%i' -~--,al.-
"'""· ~.J'Nf'"!'.~.-­
'!l,'f, -· """'· -. --ii?, ~-1-s<. -p;!. '11mlt,- . .,.,..- . ~. ar.n. ijl".illtB. qfmt 
-;;t,;m. lalr--....i. ~ _,..,.. ~ ""'_, 
W<>i.1:Bwl ~ f.m~. 
""'· '""'""'~ r..,\ (.,a") -. -,,;;I ;iii ... -~ ...,,......_ __ ..... 
1lill!i,;illi ___ ..,. 
,_ ,,am;;iol, ""'' ''"""· ,, . 
... """'· ~ -1kt, --.-~ .¥/ 
..-.... ~3~~~~ tr 
~)~ ,...,,."1ftat,f<;,o,a , 
,¥11kit<1Jiiltt ~ ~ ~ a--""'fll'il' .,,,,,. __ _ 
-'iii ~•~-H-l•~ w.t-~~lITTril. ~11\llll~ ~.m""""'wl~ ..... <!Iii,~-Tam<-,~ ~ ~ (arnml 'IT<I af<t.T 'W<I ~) '"""dlij~d\16iJI ~ • W!ffi'i ~. i 1il-~~1,~ <I 1'il'fl, v-,ra-.it ;I;!.; ~ '(R'll, '"" gii, ,<fl Ji,t-j •i!w1<•ufaa:1 ll'lml, ~-. ~~ oiil,f--~~ al'!,~1,1,'ii. 
iftl!. <"'!¢ "tl?,l '<!'fl" '<"!:I ~l ~. aniit a,ia am -. ~. 
11) af.m ~ ~ zj;fl w,t ~~~"'!:I '(ll3414;1\41 
~ ~..,¥~oH ~~~~ ~fctUJI 5ilR%J 
>!'i. w.t 1<itl • m ~ -a,) amAA '"'1<:t11 ~ ''tm: 
-.unqm'' '<"!:I) \!Ir.ft 'f'!s ~ qjlffll! ~ amr,; ~41{ -.,f;i 
il,,;,t<>111~- ~-
111) .lf.m<l;:tr-r~w anq-"'° ~ "'d~<1t\a1dl """"l«f 
~~ ..... ~-{ll1Wtw,{'l@1lffil, a,);,~f<min:! 
~Rd 4 .. Nl1114 \¥H,o 1 l/1. iftzf (~·fi) ~«PJ t1lqfqu41'ij 
'llR~ ~. ~ 4414ii4t !lt'!'.•i•n ~zyn, .101)q, ~. ~ 
«-41,!fq1+tf~~~~ . ~~El~ < 41dlffi◄i<ild 
ia;,,i, la;orr <liiur~ -'il«<I, ~. t.,iik, ~ f.st, 
f<R.1«1 Ul(Ujifq4'1( , ire:, f4;a{ tfffl°, ~-~ ~~ ~' 
f<i:;,rt\,lla ◄i•""'""'' "'d"'1R ROl'l(R~~ ....... 
f.G3l ~ ~. ~ t41◄i<ild~I lf<i 11IJTIV@ mft, ~ cf 
44NM-:titt~ i\tiil q1f@cl\, ~~ ~ ·~ ~ ~ lf&T 
alvs "'"'fheµ, ~ ~ ~. 1~ -.i ll'r.lf, .ft~ f.ref.ra 
'IJt, '<!'fl ,i_ ~'"· -~ma 1Jl!lt, ~-•··-...fl . ..11 
~ \'••1>•0 ~. w,t~ ~• f.;1i<:N1<1:1 \'< ~ l1!a ~ ~ ~; .JRffl ~ q 4i61feiiCi;.211 m ~ 
m, 1!ll!iOl1 IJli!,.;jq,!:(I ~ ~"'1\lTd ffl 
..a•1a,i!I ~,.1, <K->rna", iii~~""""'-~ . 
tffmra 
ml ill ,1,1r.nft <al'l ;,;qi.,; ul-l1>1/1, ~;I;\.<~ l(TI.'11, 
'WI gi!, 'W!i•! ••H'IWlfa<:i ~. dl\'\"'l•~lliF.J aiil, 
for.;1n,if1:,ft ~ oiit, ~ l~H-.ii, iftlt; 1ffi" firlltfR~ 1,n.,, m. ~ c~ ~,. >llfii""fflllft.., 3.ftcl,.1~ am, 
'fffi :~it. 
'limtr :f6,,_,,,a~;,.qJo~1rl~f>m,1ccli!ijmNl= I ~ Oi'lr-l 
~ ; ~;,;. 111-1'• 
~ :~.ti.a$ anfot'<ltl;i;. ~-11>1/\ ~: ._mt.n, 1•1~ 
~ ,m ~ "'"'fil'<{'ll 'lmll ~ ~, - Jfsa,/1¼,I. '-'"~· ~ a>tr.ft am'Jf.tlrq- j l lR ~~~Ge v-11 ShMUilri; 
3l'TTU1 ~ ijiq=-4j,:;QI Siifi{Ullri 
(1iq1q41;ft<'1) 
!l'lifil'11 i4 iill dlill ffi>< ,f;{1ll11!11<ftv.l I 
~~u1~1~ua 
mal ~~4N4iv.u ,i;rq,m/ i,:r.,1 / !f<lq'1.;~1d41 
'1ii:R ~ ~ ,ra ,!;I, <'!i:ir ~ qf(Qq,qq;i,a ..,,.ft 
'l'l:,~~~~~<Qf%'!1~ 
~ i'1i.ll lfiiftra 'lla. 'Rf 3mVT ~a~ imft<'I 3mVT 
~ am.ff-1,m, ~'"'-"-11 -c,,,/r...,~V./'<•• 3iai!a 
J.lltll..i.li,414 ,..ilofr<1i~ ~ ~ ~ 4g:4kik-t ~ 
r,f;al 1;1'11~ <li<'IR11,'li~ lY fu't.n, <• <'< u;;fl ~ 
<"llq:ff ~ qfl,iqiq.,;;..,., .,;1oio101a ,rn ~itat w 
a1@qqij c<1i~1..:d. ~ -3ffllffi ~ qf<eq1q,:f,i41 
~~~.,;tO!~~ .~-~ 
~~W<;{~•a '61Uli<ll(fl tt4'f.i:11~~"1@ 
~ ~ ~ i:ili.ihtlli41 qiio1c-41@ fad{OlhJii.lldllllif( 
fta"r ~ 4l"ffl laa<-011cl1 ~itl U11:a1Q i~➔ c<ri:IT ~ ~. 
;;,it.fl c'ffiil ~ -~ :;rot ;,,'101<'4,(fl IT-l'ITT/ 1T{;;f ~ ~ qfte414.,;is;i1_4 ~ tj_im amr ~ 
f.if.l~f!la ~ ~ a,mit ~ :;ror ~~ zy;,mm 
a•n..s;,tll ~ ~: f.t;-.-, ~ftl-;.,1q1<!a ,;<11: ~ ~ 
~~~~~~~~~~. 
""3· ifi'l':mi"1if ,i;,,-.f\ 
16, (~111q:mflR ) 'llmt"ifi, 
... dG~=i ;if.l,f.i Off• I -m< m l'<ClR~on 
~JIT.r.l. 
l. lJI\. mi,,q;~~m .r.i. t~~ -~., .. 
•· ~ a1itii'R~ m.fR-. ~""'"" two 
¥, -i mt~ m.-r.i. "'" -~., .. 
~. omizyt~.-ll'lm ,r.i. l"~ lR lot's 
mt.«, <•l'<-= ~ ts o!ll~ f.;4if.,;a 
l.<fi I -~ qf«(QIQifi 
ffl.414 1{"14,~ 
-.m~,;t..,;,,Tq;~~ . 
tlP<411fflfr U6, 1:filt, ~-Yoo oot 
?_,:-H",<o '<••C, ll~'9 ••lY, 
eClerx 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT BY THE MEMBERS OF 
ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED ON DECEMBER 4, 2025 
ITEM NO. 1: Approval for Buy Back of Equity Shares through tender offer route 
To consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification{s) the following resolution{s) as a Special 
Resolution(s): 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Article 61 of the Articles of Association of the Company and in accordance with 
the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 110, and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, 
as amended ("Act") read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
to the extent applicable and other relevant Rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time and the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (BuyBack of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended 
("SEBI Buy Back Regulations"), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, ("SEBI Listing Regulations") and subject to such other approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI"), the stock 
exchanges on which the equity shares of the Company are listed {"Stock Exchanges"), Reserve Bank of India 
("RBI") and/or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI and RBI, the "Appropriate 
Authorities"), as may be necessary , and subject to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications 
as may be prescribed or imposed by them while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and 
exemptions which may be agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company ["Board", which term shall be 
deemed to include any committee of the Board and/or officials, which the Board may constitute/authorise to 
exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution (the "Buy Back Committee")], the consent 
of shareholders be and is hereby accorded for the buy back by the Company of not exceeding 666,666 (Six 
Hundred Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Six) fully paid up equity shares having a face value of'( 10/-(Rupees 
Ten only) each ("Equity Shares"), representing 1.40% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital of the Company, as on March 31, 2025, at a buy back price of ~ 4,500/-(Rupees Four 
Thousand Five Hundred only) per fully paid-up Equity Share payable in cash ("Buy Back Price") for an amount not 
exceeding ~ 3,000 Millions {Rupees Three Thousand Millions only), excluding any expenses incurred or to be 
incurred for the buy back viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, taxes such as securities transaction tax and 
goods and services tax (if any), tax on distributed income on buy back, stamp duty, advisors fees, filing fees, 
public announcement expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, if any, and other incidental and related expenses 
and charges etc. ("Transaction Costs") (such amount hereinafter referred to as the "Buy Back Size"), representing 
21.08 % and 13.80 % of the aggregate of the total paid-up equity share ca pita I and free reserves of the Company 
based on latest audited standalone and consolidated basis, respectively as on March 31, 2025, from the 
shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of the Company as on a record date to be subsequently 
decided by the Board/Buy Back Committee ("Record Date"), on a proportionate basis through "Tender Offer" 
route as prescribed under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations (hereinafter referred to as the "Buy Back"); 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board/Buy Back Committee may, 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, 
increase the Buy Back Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the 
Corporate Office 
eClerx services Limited 
4"' Floor, Express Towers, 
Nariman Point, Mumbai -400 021 "'1 b 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax:+ 91 (022) 6614 86 
www.eClerx.com Registered Office 
eClerx Services Limited 
Sonawala Building, 1"' Floor, 29 Bank Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -400 023, Maharashtra , India. 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax: +91 (022) 6614 8655 
E-mail ID: contact@eClerx.com I www.eClerx.com 
[CIN: L72200MH2000PLC125319) 
Buy Back, such that there is no change in the Buy Back Size, in terms of Regulation S(via) of the SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Buy Back of Equity 
Shares from the existing shareholders/beneficial owners of equity shares of the Company as on Record Date 
("Eligible Shareholders"), shall be on a proportionate basis, provided that 15% (fifteen percent) of the number 
of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buy Back or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the 
shareholding of small shareholders as defined in the SEBI Buy Back Regulations ("Small Shareholders") as on the 
Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders as defined in the SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 4 of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Buy Back of Equity 
Shares from the existing shareholders as on the Record Date shall be in a manner the Board may consider 
appropriate, from out of its free reserves and/or securities premium account and/or such other sources or by 
such mechanisms as may be permitted by applicable laws, and on such terms and conditions as the Board may 
decide from time to time, and in the absolute discretion of the Board, as it may deem fit; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company has earmarked adequate resources of funds for the purpose of Buy Back 
and the payment of the Buy Back shall be made out of the Company's current surplus and/or cash balances 
and/or current investments and/or cash available from internal resources of the Company (and not from any 
borrowed funds) and on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time at its absolute 
discretion; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buy Back using the "Mechanism for acquisition of 
shares through Stock Exchange" notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 
read with the SEBl's circular CFD/DCRl/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016 and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCRIII/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, and SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated 
March 08, 2023, or such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable and will approach BSE Limited for 
appointing the stock exchange as designated stock exchange for the Buy Back, for facilitating the Buy Back; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buy Back from shareholders/beneficial owners who are person resident outside 
India, including the foreign portfolio investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and non-resident Indians, 
etc., shall be subject to such approvals if, and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities 
including approvals from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended and the rules, 
regulations framed thereunder, if any; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or ~ny of the power(s) conferred 
herein above as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit, to any committee(s)/director(s)/officer(s)/authorized 
representative(s) of the Company in order to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions, including but not limited to 
making all necessary applications to the Appropriate Authorities for their approvals including but not limited to 
approvals as may be required from SEBI; preparing, signing and filing of the public announcement, letter of offer 
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Stock Exchanges and other Appropriate Authorities; 
obtaining all necessary certificates and report from the statutory auditors and other third parties as required 
under applicable laws, entering into escrow arrangements as required in terms of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations; 
opening, operating and closing of all necessary accounts including escrow account, special payment account, 
de mat account as required in terms of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations; extinguishing dematerialized Equity Shares 
and/or physical destruction of share certificates in respect of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company as 
may be applicable; and filing such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and correspondence, as 
may be required in connection with the Buy Back with SEBI , the Stock Exchanges, Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai, depositories and/or other Appropriate Authorities as may be required from time to time; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein shall confer any right on the part of any Member to offer 
and/or any obligation on the part of Company or the Board or the Buy Back Committee to Buy Back any shares, 
and/or impair any power of the Company or the Board or the Buy Back Committee to terminate any process in 
relation to such Buy Back, if so permissible by law; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to accept and make any alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as it may deem 
necessary, concerning any aspect of the Buy Back, in accordance with the statutory requirements as well as to 
give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may 
arise and generally, to do all, acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in absolute discretion deem necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the Buy Back 
without seeking any further consent or approval of the members or otherwise to the end and intent that they 
shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of the resolution." 
For eClerx Services Limited 
n l)}"t Ms<r>·ai Q~ ___.,:~ 
P~tik Bhanushali * ~ 
VP-Legal & Company Secretary 
F8538 
Date: December 5, 2025 
Address: 4th Floor, Express Towers, Nariman Point, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400021 
3 
eClerx 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED THROUGH 
POSTAL BALLOT BY THE MEMBERS OF ECLERX SERVICES LIMITED ON DECEMBER 4, 2025 
Item No. 1 -Approval for Buy Back of Equity Shares through tender offer route 
With an objective of improving return on equity through distribution of surplus funds which are over and above 
the Company's capital requirements and current investment plans, the Board at its meeting held on October 24, 
2025 has approved the proposal of recommending Buy Back of Equity Shares of the Company as contained in 
the Resolution in this Postal Ballot Notice. As per the relevant provisions of the Act and other applicable 
provisions of the Act and SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Explanatory Statement contains relevant and material 
information to enable the members holding Equity Shares of the Company to consider and approve the Special 
Resolution on the Buy Back of the Company's Equity Shares. 
Requisite details relating to the Buy Back are given below: 
1. Details of the Buy Back 
The Board at its meeting held on October 24, 2025 ("Board Meeting") has, subject to the approval of the 
shareholders of the Company by way of Special Resolution through postal ballot and subject to approvals of 
statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as may be required under applicable laws, approved buy back 
by the Company of not exceeding 666,666 (Six Hundred Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Six) fully paid-up 
equity shares having a face value of~ 10/-{Rupees Ten only) each ("Equity Shares"), representing 1.40% of the 
total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company, as on March 31, 2025, 
at a buy back price of~ 4,500/-(Rupees Four Thousand Five Hundred only) per fully paid-up Equity Share payable 
in cash ("Buy Back Price"), for an amount not exceeding~ 3,000 Millions (Rupees Three Thousand Millions only), 
excluding any expenses incurred or to be incurred for the buy back viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, 
taxes such as securities transaction tax and goods and services tax (if any), tax on distributed income on Buy 
Back, stamp duty, advisors fees, filing fees, public announcement expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, if 
any, and other incidental and related expenses and charges etc. ("Transaction Costs") (such amount hereinafter 
referred to as the "Buy Back Size"), being 21.08 % and 13.80% of the aggregate of the total paid-up Equity Share 
capital and free reserves of the Company based on the latest standalone and consolidated audited financial 
statements of the Company respectively as at March 31, 2025, from the shareholders/beneficial owners of the 
Equity Shares of the Company as on a record date to be subsequently decided by the Board/Buy Back Committee 
("Record Date"), through the "Tender Offer" route, on a proportionate basis as prescribed under the SEBI Buy 
Back Regulations ("Buy Back"), subject to 15% (fifteen percent) of the number of Equity Shares which the 
Company proposes to Buy Back or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of Small 
Shareholders as on the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders in 
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations through the "Tender Offer" route as prescribed 
under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations and circulars issued thereunder, including the "Mechanism for acquisition 
of shares through Stock Exchange" notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POUCYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 
2015 read with the circulars issued in relation thereto, including the circular no. CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 
dated December 09, 2016, no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCRIII/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and no. 
Corporate Office 
eClerx Servi,;es Limited 
4"' Floor, Express Towers, 
Nariman Point, Mumbai -400 021 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax: + 91 (022) 6614 8655 
www.eClerx.com Registered Office 
eClerx Service& Limited 
Sonawala Building, 1" Floor. 29 Bank Street. Fort, 
Mumbai -400 023, Maharashtra, India. 
Ph: +91 (022) 6614 8301 I Fax: +91 (022) 6614 8655 
E-mail ID: contact@eClerx.com I www.eClerx.com 
[CIN: L72200MH2000PLC125319) 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, or such other mechanism as may be applicable to 
the Buy Back through Tender Offer route and in accordance with the Act, the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014, Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, to the extent applicable, 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, as amended from time to time. 
The Board/Buy Back Committee may, 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the Buy Back Price 
and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buy Back, such that there is 
no change in the Buy Back Size, in terms of Regulation S(via) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations. 
However, the actual Equity Shares bought back under the Buy Back shall not exceed 25% of the total number of 
Equity shares in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company and the amount utilized shall not exceed 
Buy Back Size. 
Since the Buy Back is more than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company, 
in terms of Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, it is necessary to obtain the consent of the Shareholders of the Company, 
for the Buy Back, by way of a Special Resolution. Accordingly, the Company is seeking your consent for the 
aforesaid proposal as contained in the Resolution No. 1 provided in provided in this Postal Ballot Notice. 
2. Necessity for the Buy Back 
The Buy Back is being proposed by the Company to return surplus funds to the Members, which are over and 
above its ordinary capital requirements and in excess of any current investment plans, in an expedient, efficient 
and cost effective manner. 
Buy Back would increase the shareholder's value and would also help the company in fulfilling the following 
objective s: 
I. The Buy Back will help the Company to return surplus cash to its shareholders holding Equity Shares broadly 
in proportion to their shareholding, thereby, enhancing the overall return to the shareholders; 
II. The Buy Back, which is being implemented through the 'Tender Offer' as prescribed under the SEBI Buy Back 
Regulations, would involve allocation of 15% of the outlay to Small Shareholders. The Company believes that 
this reservation of 15% for Small Shareholders would benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would 
get classified as "Smalt Shareholder''; 
Ill. The Buy Back may help in improving return on equity due to reduction in the equity base, thereby leading to 
long term increase in shareholders' value; 
JV. The Buy Back will help in achieving an optimal capital structure. 
5 
The Buy Back gives an option to the Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company, to either (i) choose to 
participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be accepted under the Buy Back Offer or (ii) choose to not 
participate and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post the Buy Back Offer, without 
additional investment. 
3. Maximum amount required under the Buy Back, its percentage of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and 
Free Reserves and the sources of funds from which the Buy Back would be financed 
The maximum amount required under the Buy Back will be not exceeding ~ 3,000 Millions (Rupees Three 
Thousand Millions only) excluding transaction costs incurred or to be incurred for the Buy Back, being 21.08 % 
and 13.80 % of the aggregate of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and Free Reserves of the Company based 
on the latest Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements of the Company respectively as at 
March 31, 2025 (being the date of the latest available Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Company), and the same has been confirmed by the statutory auditors of the Company. 
The Buy Back would be financed out of Free Reserves of the Company. The Company shall transfer from its Free 
Reserves or securities premium account and/or such sources as may be permitted by law a sum equal to the 
nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through the Buy Back to the Capital Redemption Reserve 
Account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited balance sheet. The 
payments shall be made out of the Company's current surplus and/or cash balances and/or current investments 
and/or cash available from internal resources of the Company and (and not from any borrowed funds) and on 
such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time at its absolute discretion. The Company 
confirms that as required under Section 68(2)(d) ofthe Act, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured 
debts owed by the Company shall be not more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and Free Reserves 
after the Buy Back and that it has got sufficient source to pay-off the consideration towards the Buy Back and 
would not borrow funds for the said purpose. 
4. Buy Back Price and the basis of arriving at the Buy Back Price 
The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a Buy Back Price of~ 4,500/-(Rupees Four 
Thousand Five Hundred only) per Equity Share. The Buy Back Price has been arrived at after considering various 
factors including but not limited to the volume weighted average prices of the Equity Shares traded on the BSE 
Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") where the Equity Shares are listed, 
the net worth of the Company, price earnings ratio, impact on other financial parameters and the possible 
impact of Buy Back on the earnings per share. The Board/Buy Back Committee may, 1 (one) working day prior 
to the Record Date, increase the Buy Back Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back under the Buy Back, such that there is no change in the Buy Back Size, in terms of Regulation S(via) 
of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations. 
The Buy Back Price represents: 
6 
i. Premium of 7.71 % and 7.70% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on BSE 
and on NSE, respectively, during the one month preceding October 17, 2025 (the date of intimation to the 
Stock Exchanges for the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buy Back). 
ii. Premium of 11.28% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on each of the Stock 
Exchanges, for two weeks preceding October 17, 2025 (the date of intimation to the Stock Exchanges for the 
Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buy Back). 
iii. Premium 1.24 % and 1.20 % over the closing prices on BSE and NSE respectively as on October 24, 2025 (the 
date of Board meeting approving the Buy Back). 
5. Maximum number of securities that the Company proposes to Buy Back 
The Company proposes to buyback 666,666 {Six Hundred Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty Six) fully paid-up 
Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/-(Rupees Ten only) each of the Company or lesser, depending upon the 
final buy back price determined by the Board/Buyback Committee in terms of Regulation S(via) of the SEBI Buy 
Back Regulations. 
6. Method to be adopted for the Buy Back 
The Buy Back shall be on a proportionate basis from all the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company 
through the "Tender Offer" route, as prescribed under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations as per the Mechanism for 
acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange as prescribed by SEBI from time to time. The Buy Back will be 
implemented in accordance with the Act and rules thereunder to the extent applicable and on such terms and 
conditions as may be deemed fit by the Company. As required under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the 
Board/Buy Back Committee will announce the Record Date for determining the Eligible Shareholders. In due 
course, each Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date will receive a Letter of Offer along with a Tender/Offer 
Form indicating the entitlement of the shareholder for participating in the Buy Back. The Equity Shares to be 
bought back as a part of the Buy Back is divided in two categories: 
a. Reserved category for Small Shareholders; and 
b. General category for all other shareholders 
As defined in Regulation 2(i) (n) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, a "Small Shareholder" is a shareholder who 
holds Equity Shares having market value, on the basis of closing price on recognized stock exchange in which 
highest trading volume in respect of such Equity Shares is recorded, as on Record Date, of not more than " 
2,00,000 (Rupees Two Lakhs only). 
In accordance with the proviso to Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, 15% (Fifteen Percent) of the 
number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buy Back or number of Equity Shares entitled as per 
the shareholding of small shareholders as on the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the 
7 
Small Shareholders as part of this Buy Back. The Company believes that this reservation for Small Shareholders 
would benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would get classified as "Small Shareholder". 
Based on the shareholding as on the Record Date, the Company will determine the entitlement of each 
shareholder to tender their Equity Shares in the Buy Back. This entitlement for each shareholder will be 
calculated based on the number of Equity Shares held by the respective shareholder as on the Record Date and 
the ratio of Buy Back applicable in the respective category to which such shareholder belongs. 
Shareholders' participation in Buy Back will be voluntary. Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company 
can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be accepted under the Buy Back or they may 
choose not to participate and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post Buy Back, 
without additional investment. Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company may also accept a part of 
their entitlement. Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company also have the option of tendering 
additional Equity Shares (over and above their entitlement) and participate in the shortfall created due to non­
participation of some other shareholder, if any. 
The maximum Equity Shares tendered under the Buy Back by any shareholders cannot exceed the number of 
Equity Shares held by the shareholder as on the Record Date. The Equity Shares tendered as per the entitlement 
by shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company as well as additional Equity Shares tendered, if any, will 
be accepted as per the procedure laid down in SEBI Buy Back Regulations. The settlement of the Equity Shares 
tendered under the Buy Back is expected to be done using the "Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange" notified by SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the 
SEBl's circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI/HO/CFD/DCRIII/CIR/P/2021/615 dated 
August 13, 2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, or such other circulars or 
notifications, as may be applicable. The Company shall Buy Back the Equity Shares tendered in physical form by 
Eligible Shareholders in terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMDl/CIR/P/2020/144 dated July 31, 2020. 
Detailed instructions for participation in the Buy Back (tender of Equity Shares in the Buy Back) as well as the 
relevant time table will be included in the Letter of Offer which will be sent in due course to the shareholders 
holding Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date. 
The Buy Back from shareholders who are residents outside India, including Foreign Corporate Bodies (including 
erstwhile Overseas Corporate Bodies) and Foreign Portfolio Investors, shall be subject to such approvals, if any 
and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed there under, and such 
approvals shall be required to be taken by such non-resident Eligible Shareholders. 
7. Time limit for completion of the Buy Back 
The Buy Back, subject to regulatory consents and approvals, if any, is proposed to be completed within 12 
months from the date of Special Resolution approving the Buy Back. 
8 
8. Compliance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Act 
The aggregate paid-up Equity Share capital and Free Reserves based on Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results as on March 31, 2025 is~ 14,228.94 Million and~ 21,737.52 Million respectively . Under the provisions 
of the Act, the funds deployed for the Buy Back cannot exceed 25% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and 
Free Reserves of the Company based on the latest Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements 
of the Company as at March 31, 2025 (being the date of the latest available Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company). 
The maximum amount proposed to be utilized for the Buy Back, is not exceeding~ 3,000 Million (Rupees Three 
Thousand Million only) and is therefore within the above-mentioned limit. 
Further, in terms of the Act and the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the number of Equity Shares that can be bought 
back in any financial year shall not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total paid-up Equity 
Share capitalof the Company in that financial year. 
9. The aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group, Director, Key 
Managerial Personnel and of persons who are in control of the Company as on the date of this Postal Ballot 
Notice 
Shareholding of Promoter and members of the Promoter Group and Person in Control of the Company: 
Sr. No Name Category No. of Equity Shares held 'Pe,centage (%) 1 
1. IPriyadarshan Mundhra Promoter 
~2,794,858 26.85 
2. Anjan Malik Promoter 2,789,553 26.84 
1 3. 
f Vijay Kumar Mundhra Promoter Group 31,239 0.07 I 
r 4. Supriya Modi Promoter Gro~p 24,262 0.05 
5. Shweta Mundhra Promoter Group 438 0.00 
Total 25,640,350 53.81 
Shareholding of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel: 
Sr. No 
1. 
2. Name ____ Category 
Srinivasan Nadadhur ~ hief Financial Office7 1-: _ 
Pratik Bhanushali 7~gal & Co~pany Secretary _ No. of Equity 
Shares held 
19,000 
295 Pe«entage (%) I 
-1_ 0.0~ 
[ 0.00 
Except as stated above, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company holds any Equity 
Shares in the Company. Further, none of the member of Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company are 
corporate bodies/ companies. 
10. Aggregate number of Equity Shares purchased or sold as well as minimum and maximum price at 
which such purchases and sales were made along with relevant dates by Promoters and members of 
9 ~~ I\~. <~-.s-~ 
' • 
a, , ~ .... -
Promoters Group, Director, key managerial personnel and of persons who are in control of the Company for 
a period of six months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buy Back was approved i.e. 
October 24, 2025 till the date of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
Except as provided below, no Equity Shares of the Company have been purchase/sold by Promoters/any 
members of the Promoters Group, Director, Key Managerial Personnel and of persons who are in control of the 
Company during the period of six months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buy Back was 
approved. 
I Sr. I Name Aggregate No. of Nature of Maximum Date of Minimum Date of 
No. I Equity Shares transaction Price per Maximum Price per Minimum 
l purchased or sold Equity Price Equity Price 
1 Supriya Modi j 3 l Sale Share(") Share(") 
30, l 1 r 3,847.60 July 30, 3,847.60 I July 
(Promoter 12025 2025 
Group) 
2 Vijay Kumar 71 Buy 3,605.81 1 June 12, 3,480.67 June 02, 
Mundhra I 2025 2025 
(Promoter 
I Group) 
r 4,255.00 3 Pratik 45 Buy l September , 4,249.00 September 1 Bhanushali L 08,2025 08,2025 -
11. Intention of the Promoters and Members of Promoters Group of the Company to tender Equity 
Shares for Buy Back indicating the number of Equity Shares, details of build-up with dates and price 
In terms of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, under the tender offer route, the Promoter and Promoter Group have 
the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company have 
expressed their intention of not participating in the Buyback vide their letters dated October 21, 2025 and 
October 23, 2025. Accordingly, the disclosures as required as per paragraphs (viii) to the Schedule I of the SEBI 
Buy Back Regulations are not applicable. 
12. The Company hereby confirms that there are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) subsisting in 
the repaymentof deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon 
or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment of any term 
loans or interest payablethereon to any financial institution or banking Company. 
13. Confirmation from the Board 
The Board confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and after taking 
into account the financial position of the Company and also considering all contingent liabilities, the Board has 
formed the opinion: 
10 
i. That immediately following the date of the Board Meeting held on October 24, 2025 approving the Buy Back 
and the date on which the results of the Shareholders' resolution by way of postal ballot with regard to the 
Buy Back are declared, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its 
debts; 
ii. That as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following the date of the Board Meeting 
held on October 24, 2025 approving the Buy Back and the date on which the results of the Shareholders' 
resolution by way of postal ballot with regard to the Buy Back are declared, and having regard to Board's 
intentions with respect to the management of the Company's business during that year and to the amount 
and character of the financial resources which will, in the Board's view, be available to the Company that 
year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered 
insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buy Back and the 
date on which the results of the Shareholders' resolution by way of postal ballot with regard to the Buy 
Back are declared; 
iii. In forming the opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities as if the Company is being 
wound up under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016 (including prospective and contingent liabilities). 
14. Confirmation from the Company as per the provisions of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations and the Act: 
The Board confirms that: 
i. All the equity shares for Buy Back are fully paid-up. 
ii. The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities from the date of this resolution 
including by way of bonus issue till the expiry of the Buy Back period i.e. date on which the payment of 
consideration to Shareholders who have accepted the Buy Back is made in accordance with the Act 
and the SEBI Buy Back Regulations; 
iii. The Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year from the expiry of the Buy Back 
period i.e. the date on which the pay{llent of consideration to Shareholders who have accepted the 
Buy Back offer is made except in discharge of subsisting obligations; 
iv. The Company shall not Buy Back its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any person through 
negotiated deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or through spot transactions or through any 
private arrangement in the implementation of the Buy Back; 
v. The Buy Back Size i.e. ~ 3,000 Million (Rupees Three Thousand Million only) does not exceed 25% of 
the aggregate paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves (including securities premium account) 
of the Company as per latest available Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements of 
the Company as on March 31, 2025; 
vi. The maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buy Back will not exceed 
25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company; 
vii. There are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the Act 
("Scheme") involving the Company, and no public announcement of the Buy Back shall be made during 
pendency of any such Scheme; 
11 
viii. The Company shall not make any further offer of Buy Back within a period of one year reckoned from 
the expiry of the Buy Back period i.e. date on which the payment of consideration to shareholders who 
have accepted the Buy Back offer is made; 
ix. The Company shall not withdraw the Buy Back Offer after the public announcement of the Buy Back 
offer is made. 
x. The Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the Buy Back in 
such manner as prescribed under the Act and/or the SEBI Buy Back Regulations and any other 
applicable laws; 
xi. The Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions for the purpose 
of Buy Back of its Equity Shares; 
xii. The Company is in compliance with the provisions of Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Act; 
xiii. There are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) in the repayment of deposits, interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption of preference 
shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest 
payable thereon to any financial institution or banking company; 
xiv. The Company will not Buy Back Equity Shares which are locked-in or non-transferable, until the 
pendency of such lock-in, or until the Equity Shares become transferable; as applicable, during the 
period between the date of opening and closing of the Buy Back offer; 
xv. The ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company after the Buy Back 
shall not be more than twice its paid-up capital and free reserves, based on the latest available, audited 
standalone and consolidated financials of the Company as on March 31, 2025, whichever sets out a 
lower amount; 
xvi. The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such sources 
as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares purchased through 
the Buy Back to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be 
disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements; 
xvii.The shareholders resolution approving the Buy Back will be valid for a maximum period of one year 
from the date of passing the shareholders resolution (or such extended period as may be permitted 
under the Act or the SEBI Buy Back Regulations or by the Appropriate Authorities). The exact time table 
for the Buy Back shall be decided by the Buy Back Committee within the above time limits; 
xviii. The Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be compulsorily extinguished and will not be 
held for reissuance. 
xix. The Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its own Equity Shares or other specified 
securities: 
a. through any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies; and 
b. through any investment company or group of investment companies. 
xx. The Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and/or physically destroyed as 
may be applicable in the manner prescribed under the SEBI Buy Back Regulations and the Act within 7 
12 
(seven) working days of the date of payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders who have 
tendered the Equity Shares under the Buy Back offer. 
xxi. As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, the Promoter and members of Promoter 
Group, and/ or their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the 
Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of 
Equity Shares among the promoter and members of promoter group) from the date of passing the 
special resolution till the date of closing of the Buy Back offer, other than participation in the Buy Back; 
xxii. The statements contained in all the relevant documents in relation to the Buy Back shall be true, 
material and factual and shall not contain any mis-statements or misleading information; 
xxiii. The Company shall Buy Back the Equity Shares held in physical form from Eligible Shareholders in 
terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMDl/CIR/P/2020/144 dated July 31, 2020. 
xxiv.The Buy Back shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges. 
xxv.The Buy Back would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulations 38 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
xxvi.The Company shall not Buy Back out of the proceeds of an earlier issue of the same kind of shares or 
same kind of other specified securities. 
xxvii. As per Regulation S(i)(c) and Schedule l(xii) of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, it is confirmed that 
there is no breach of any covenants as per the lenders agreements on the loans taken and the consent 
of the lenders in this regard has been obtained by the Company. 
xxviii. The letter of offer with the tender form shall be dispatched to Eligible Shareholders within 2 (two) 
working days from the Record Date. 
15. Report addressed to the Board by the Statutory Auditors of the Company on permissible 
capital payment andopinion formed by Directors regarding insolvency 
The text of the Report dated October 24, 2025 received from Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, 
Statutory Auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board is reproduced below: 
The Board of Directors 
M/s. eClerx Services Limited 
Sonawala Building, ist Floor, 
29 Bank Street, Fort, Mumbai -400 023 
Maharashtra, India 
Statutory Auditors' Report on Buy-Back of Equity Shares pursuant to the requirement of Schedule I to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 as amended (the "Buy­
Back Regulations") and Section 68 of the Companies Act 2013 (the "Act") 
13 
1. This report is issued in accordance with our engagement letter dated October 24, 2025. 
2. We have been engaged by eClerx Services Limited (the "Company") to perform a reasonable assurance 
engagement on determination of the amount of permissible capital payment as detailed in the 
accompanying Statement of Permissible Limit of Capital Payment ("Annexure I") in connection with the 
proposed buy-back (the "buy-back") by the Company of its equity shares in pursuance of Sections 68 and 
70 of the Act read with Rule 17 of Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (including 
statutory modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force) and the regulations 
as specified in the Buy-back Regulations' and on the opinions expressed by the Board of Directors of the 
Company, as required under the Buy-back Regulations. The proposal for the buy-back is subject to the 
approval of shareholders of the company. We have initialled the Annexure I for identification purposes 
only. 
Board of Directors Responsibility 
3. The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for the following: 
i) The amount of capital payment for the buy-back is properly determined within the permissible 
capital payment limits computed in accordance with the Act and the Buy-back Regulations; 
ii) It has made a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the 
opinion on a reasonable grounds that the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not 
be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting approving 
the buy-back (the "Board Meeting") and 
iii) A declaration is signed by at least two Directors of the Company that the Board of Directors has 
made a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion on 
a reasonable grounds that the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered 
insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting and in forming the 
opinion, it has taken into account the liabilities as if the Company was being wound up under the 
provisions of the Act. 
iv) The Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the 
requirements of the Act and the Buy-back Regulations. 
Auditor's Responsibility 
4. Pursuant to the requirement of the Buy-back Regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable 
assurance on the following "Reporting Criteria":. 
i) whether we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 
ii) whether the amount of capital payment for the buy-back, as mentioned in the Statement, is within 
the permissible limit computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 68 of the Act and Buy­
back Regulations based on audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2025; 
14 
iii} whether the Board of Directors has formed the opinion, as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to 
the Buy-back Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company, having regard to its state of 
affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from date of the Board Meeting 
held on October 24, 2025. 
5. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain sufficient appropriate 
evidence on the Reporting Criteria. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including 
the assessment of the risks associated with the Reporting Criteria. Within the scope of our work, we 
performed the following procedures: 
i) Examined authorisation for buy-back in the Articles of Association of the Company; 
ii) Examined that the amount of capital payment for the buy-back as detailed in Annexure I is within 
the permissible limit computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 68 of the Act and Buy­
back Regulations; 
iii) Examined that the ratio of the debt owed by the Company, if any, is not more than twice the capital 
and free reserves after such buy-back; 
iv) Examined that all the equity shares for buy-back are fully paid-up; 
v) Inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited standalone financial 
statements and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025; 
and examined budgets and projections prepared by the Management; 
vi) Obtained and examined the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors in which the 
proposed buy-back was approved and read that the Board of Directors has formed the opinion as 
specified in clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buy-back Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the 
Company having regard to its state of affairs will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one 
year from date of the Board Meeting. 
vii) Traced the fair valuation of assets and liabilities from underlying books of account audited by us 
for the year ended March 31, 2025. 
viii) Examined Directors' declarations for the purpose of buy-back and solvency of the Company; and 
ix} Obtained appropriate representations from the Management of the Company. 
6. We conducted our examination in accordance with the 'Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for 
Special Purposes' (the "Guidance Note") issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India {"ICAI''). 
The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by 
the ICAI. 
7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, 
Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other 
Assurance and Related Services Engagements. 
1S 
8. The Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in paragraph 5 (v) above, have 
been audited by us on which we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our reports dated May 14, 2025. 
Our audit of these financial statements was conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
specified under Section 143(10) of the Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by 
the ICAI. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Our audits were not planned and 
performed in connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest to third 
parties. 
Opinion 
9. As a result of our performance of the aforementioned procedures, we report that: 
i) We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements for year ended March 31, 2025; 
ii) The amount of capital payment for the buy-back, as mentioned in the Annexure I, is within the 
permissible limit computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 68 of the Act and Buy­
back Regulations based on audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2025, respectively; and 
iii) The Board of Directors has formed the opinion, as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule J to the Buy­
back Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company having regard to its state of affairs 
will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from date of the Board Meeting held 
on October 241 2025. 
Restriction on Use 
10. Our obligations in respect of this report are entirely separate from, and our responsibility and liability is in 
no way changed by, any other role we may have or may have had as auditor of the Company or otherwise. 
Nothing in this report, nor anything said or done in the course of or in connection with the services that 
are the subject of this report, will extend any duty of care we have or may have had in our capacity as 
auditor of the Company." 
11. This report has been issued at the request of the Board of Directors of the Company, to whom it is 
addressed , solely 
i) for inclusion in the explanatory statement to be annexed to the postal ballot notice of the 
Company; 
ii) for inclusion in the Letter of Offer and Public Announcement to be made to the shareholders of 
the Company; and 
iii) filing with (a) the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on its designated website, the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited; (bl the 
National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited for the 
purpose of extinguishment of equity shares; (c} the Authorised Dealer Bank, as authorised by the 
16 
Board of Directors, for the purpose of capital payment; and;(d) for providing to the manager to the 
buy-back appointed by the Company, in connection with the proposed buy-back of the Company's 
equity shares to comply with the requirements of the Buy-back Regulations. 
Our report should not be used for any other purpose. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP does not 
accept or assume any liability or duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person, other than the 
Company. 
Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP 
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016 
Neeraj Sharma 
Partner 
Membership Number: 108391 
UDIN: 25108391BMMJHK9712 
Place: Pune 
Date: October 24, 2025 
Statement of determination of the amount permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of equity shares in 
accordance with section 68 (2)(c) of the Act and the Regulations based on the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025 
Particulars as on March 31, 2025 (Rsin 
million) 
Amount as Amount as 
per per 
standalone consolidate 
financial d financial I 
1 Statements statements 
~a_id_up_equity sh_a_r_e_c_a_p._it_a_l -------~ _______ ~ ____ -.; ___ A __ _,t ___ 4-69.60 L _ 469.60 
7 Free reserves as per Section 68 of the Act t -+-
Securities premium f B Nil Nil 1 
Retained earnings f C 13,777.22 1 21,320.68 1 
less: Adjustments as per definition of free reserves as per section 
2(43) of the Act 
Unrealised foreig_n exchange gain 
Change in carrying amount of asset or a liability measured at fair 
value 
I Deferred tax on difference between estimated gain to employees 
on exercising of stock options _ _ 
17 r-·_11788 NHi 
}--- Nil Nil 
1 
19.29 I 
l 33.47 j 
D 17.88 52.76 
Total free reserves E=(B+C-13,759.34 21,267.92 D) 
Total paid up capital and free reserves F =(A+ E) 1 14,228.94 21,737.52 
Permissible capital payment in accordance with section 68(2)(b) of 
the Act (25% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free 25% of F l 3,557.23 5,434.38 
reservesL 
Note: Maximum amount permitted by the Board Resolution dated October 24, 2025 approving buy back of 
equity shares of eClerx Services Limited is" 3,000 Millions. 
Signed for identification by 
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP 
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016 
Unquote For eClerx Services limited 
Pratik Bhanushali 
VP-Legal & Company Secretary 
None of the Directors, or any Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, in anyway, 
concerned or interested, either directly or indirectly in Resolution in Item No. 1, save and except to the 
extent of their respective interest as shareholders of the Company. 
In the opinion of the Board, the proposal for Buy Back is in the interest of the Company and its members 
holding Equity Shares of the Company. The Directors of the Company, therefore, recommend passing of 
the Special Resolution as set out at Item No. 1 of the accompanying this Postal Ballot Notice. 
For eClerx Services Limited 
{Jr 
~{~ 
Pratik Bhanushali 
VP-Legal & Company Secretary 
F8538 
Date: December 5, 2025 
Address: 4th Floor, Express Towers, Nariman Point, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400021 
18 