 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
March 29 , 202 6 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051  
Scrip Code: 500135   Trading Symbol: EPL 
 
Sub. :  Outcome of the Board Meeting  - EPL Limited (“Company”)     
 
Ref. : 1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)  (“SEBI LODR Regulations”)  
2.  ISIN: INE255A01020   
 
Sir/ Madam,  
 Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations read with the SEBI  Master  
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026  (“SEBI Circular ”) 
it is hereby informed that the Board of D irectors of the Company (“Board ”) has, at its meeting held 
today i.e . March 29, 2026 , inter alia , considered and approved the following : 
 
1. Scheme of amalgamation (by way of merger by absorption) of  Indovida India Private Limited 
(“Indovida  India ”) with the Company and their respective shareholders  (“Scheme”) , on a going 
concern basis,  under  Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the rules framed thereunder  read with  the SEBI LODR Regulations and  the relevant 
circulars issued by the Securities and Exchange  Board of India, in consideration for the issuance 
and allotment of the equity shares of the Company to the shareholders of Indovida  India  in 
accordance with the share exchange ratio stipulated in the Scheme  (“Merger ”).  
 
The Merger  is subject to necessary  statutory and regulatory approvals under the applicable laws, 
including approval of / from : (a) the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(collectively, “ Stock Exchanges ”); (b) the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (“SEBI ”), (c) the 
requisite majority of the  shareholders  and creditors of the Company and Indovida  India ; (d) the 
jurisdictional National Company Law Tribunal  (“NCLT ”); (e) the Competition Commission of India  
(“CCI”); and (f) other statutory and regulatory approvals as  may be required.   
 
2. Execution of the Merger Implementation Agreement by and amongst the Company, Indovida India and Indorama Netherlands B.V. (“ IVL”) (“MIA ”);  
 
3. Execution of the Shareholders’ Agreement  by and amongst  the Company, Epsilon Bidco Pte.  Ltd., 
and IVL (“SHA ”); and 
 
4. Execution of the Transition Services Agreement by and amongst the Company, IVL  and Indorama 
Ventures Global Services  Limited  (“TSA”).  
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
In this regard, the necessary disclosures/ information required to be submitted pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations read with  Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI LODR 
Regulations and the  SEBI Circular:  
1. For the Merger  are enclosed herewith as Annexure A ;  
2. For the MIA are enclosed herewith as Annexure B;  
3. For the SHA are enclosed herewith as Annexure C; and 
4. For the TSA are enclosed herewith as Annexure D . 
 
The copy of press release being submitted to media is also enclosed herewith.  
 
The meeting of the Board commenced at 5:00 P.M. (IST)  and concluded at 5:25 P.M. (IST)  
 We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 Thanking you,  
 Yours faithfully,  For EPL Limited  
   Onkar Ghangurde  
Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No. A30636  
 Encl.:  As above  
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Annexure  A 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
1.  Name of the entity(ies) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief 
such as, size, turnover etc . 1. Transferee Company : EPL Limited  
(“Company ”) 
 
2. Transferor Company: Indovida India Private 
Limited (“ Indovida India ”)  
 
3. Details of turnover and net -worth as on 
December 31, 2025 on a consolidated basis:  
 
(in INR Crores ) 
Particulars  Company  
(Jan-Dec’25)  Indovida 
India*   
(Jan-Dec’25)  
Turnover  4,568  3,809  
Net-worth  1,717  6,45 9 
Note:  
* The details of Indovida India include the effect of 
consummation of the acquisition of Indovida 
Netherlands B.V.  (and its subsidiaries)  by Indovida 
India from Indorama Netherlands B.V . 
 
2.  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s length ” Indorama Netherlands B.V . (“IVL”) holds 
24.44% stake in the Company  (on a fully diluted 
basis)  as on March 29 , 2026 , and also holds 
99.99% of the share capital of Indovida India.   
 
In terms of General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 
July 17, 2014, issued by Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the transactions arising out of 
compromises, arrangements and 
amalgamations under the Companies Act, 
2013, will not attract the requirements of 
Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
The share exchange ratio has been determined 
based on joint valuation report issued by the 
independent valuers, supported by a fairness 
opinion  obtained from a SEBI registe red 
merchant banker. The Merger is therefore at 
arm’s length basis.  
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
3.  Area of business of the entity(ies)  The Company , along with its subsidiaries and 
associate,  is engaged in the business of , inter 
alia, of manufacturing and selling of packaging 
products  including extruded and laminated 
plastic tubes, laminates, caps and closures 
globally for products in the beauty and 
cosmetics, health and pharmaceuticals, food, 
home and oral care categories . 
 
Indovida India , along with its subsidiary and 
associate companies, is engaged in the business 
of, inter alia , manufacturing of packaging 
products and trading of raw materials used in 
manufacture of packaging products.  
 
4.  Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  The amalgamation of Indovida India  with the 
Company will result in the following benefits:  
(a) the Company shall be better positioned to 
deliver wider range of products and 
services to customers through the 
combined operations of the Company and 
Indovida India;  
(b) geographical diversification an d 
enhancement of operational, 
organizational and financial efficiencies, 
thereby achieving cost savings and 
synergies through the pooling of resources;  
(c) an integrated approach will facilitate 
enhanced efficiency in consolidation of 
financials, allocation of  capital and cash 
management;  
(d) implementation of best practices and the 
strategic advancement of process 
automation by leveraging cutting -edge 
technologies; and  
(e) improved organizational capability and 
leadership, arising from the effective 
pooling of human c apital which brings 
together diverse skills, exceptional talent, 
and vast experience essential for driving 
operational excellence and delivering 
sustained value to stakeholders.  
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
5.  In case of cash consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange ratio  Upon the Merger  becoming effective, the 
Company shall issue and allot to each 
shareholder of Indovida India 286  fully paid -up 
equity shares of face value INR 2 each of the 
Company, for every 10,000  fully paid -up equity 
shares of face value INR 10 each held by such 
shareholder in Indovida India.  
 
The share exchange ratio for the M erger is 
based on the joint valuation report dated 
March 28, 2026, issued by  BDO Valuation 
Advisory LLP  and D and P India Advisory 
Services, Indep endent Registered Valuers.  
 
Ernst & Young Merchant Banking Services LLP , 
a SEBI registered Category -I Merchant Banker 
has provided the fairness opinion vide its report dated March 28, 2026  on the  
fairness of the 
aforesaid share exchange ratio.  
 
6.  Brief de tails of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed entity  Company : 
 
Pre-amalgamation shareholding pattern  on a 
fully diluted basis *: 
Category  No. of Shares  % 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  8,44,79,781  25.97  
Public   24,08,29,927  74.03  
Total  32,53,09,708  100.00 
Note:  
* As on March 29, 2026  
 
Post -amalgamation shareholding pattern  on a 
fully diluted basis : 
Category  No. of Shares  % 
Promoter / 
Promoter Group  34,87,01,552      68.37  
Public  16,13,35,842      31.63  
Total  51,00,37,394   100.00 
 
Note : Capitalised terms used and not defined herein, if any, shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the main intimation.  
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Annexure B 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
1.  If the listed entity is a party to the 
agreement,  
i. details of the counterparties (including 
name and relationship with the listed 
entity)  
 The following entities are party to the merger 
implementation agreement (“ MIA ”): 
(a) EPL Limited ( “Company ”);  
(b) Indovida India  Private Limited ( “Indovida 
India ”); and  
(c) Indorama Netherlands B.V. (“ IVL”). 
 
2.  If listed entity is not a party to the 
agreement,  
i. name of the party entering into such 
an agreement and the relationship 
with the listed entity;  
ii. details of the counterparties to the 
agreement (including name and 
relationship with the listed entity);  
iii. date of entering into the agreement  
 Not Applicable  
3.  Purpose of entering into the agreement  The MIA sets out the manner of effecting the 
transactions envisaged in the Scheme and the rights and obligations of the parties in relation thereto.  
 
4.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed  IVL holds 24.44% shareholding in the Company 
on a fully diluted basis  as on March 29 , 2026,  
and also holds 99.99% of the share capital of 
Indovida India . 
 Indovida India does not hold any shareholding in the Company.  
 
Further, the Company does not hold any 
shareholding in Indovida India or IVL.  
 
5.  Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief)  The MIA sets out the manner of effecting the 
transactions envisaged in the Scheme and the rights and obligations of the parties in relation 
thereto. Certain significant terms of the MIA 
have been summarised below:  
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
(a) key conditions for the implementation of 
the Scheme, which inter alia , includes :          
(i) receipt of necessary approvals, such as 
approval of the Scheme by the NCLT , CCI, 
the Stock Exchanges  under Regulation 37 of 
the SEBI LODR Regulations , approval by the 
respective requisite majorities of each class 
of shareholders and creditors of Indovida 
India and the Company ; and (ii) completion 
of acquisition of the entire stake of Indovida 
Netherlands B.V. (and its subsidiaries) by 
Indovida India from I VL; 
(b) customary standstill obligations on Indovida 
India and the Company; and  
(c) sequence of events to be u ndertaken for 
the Scheme to be effective . 
 
6.  Extent and the nature of impact on 
management or control of the listed entity  
 Please refer point 6 in Annexure C  below . 
7.  Details and quantification of the restriction 
or liability imposed upon the listed entity  There are customary covenants with respect to 
standstill obligations until the earlier of: (a) the Scheme coming into effect; and (b) the date on which the MIA is te rminated . 
 
8.  Whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/  promoter  group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, nature of relationship  
 No 
9.  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s length”  
 Please refer point 2 in Annexure A  above . 
10.  In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued  Upon the Merger  becoming effective, the 
Company shall issue and allot to each 
shareholder of Indovida India 286 fully paid -up 
equity shares of face value INR 2 each of the Company, for every 10,000  fully paid -up equity 
shares of face value INR 10 each held by such 
shareholder in Indovida India. 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
The share exchange ratio for the Merger is 
based on the joint valuation report dated 
March 28, 2026, issued by BDO Valuation 
Advisory LLP and D and P India Advisory 
Services, Independent Registered Valuers.  
 
Ernst & Young Merchant Banking Services LLP, 
a SEBI registered Category -I Merchant Banker 
has provided the fairness opinion vide its report dated March 28, 2026  
on the fairness of the 
aforesaid share exchange ratio.  
 
11.  Any other disclosures related to such  
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out of such agreements, etc.  
 Not applicable.  
12.  In case of rescission, amendment or 
alteration, listed entity shall disclose 
additi onal details to the stock exchange(s):  
i. name of parties to the agreement;  
ii. nature of the agreement;  
iii. date of execution of the agreement;  
iv. details and reasons for amendment or  
alteration and impact thereof  
(including impact on management or  
control and on the restriction or  
liability quantified earlier);  
v. reasons for rescission and impact 
thereof (including impact on 
management or control and on the 
restriction or liability quantified 
earlier).  
 Not applicable.  
Note :  Capitalised terms used and not defined herein, if any, shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the main intimation.  
   
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
Annexure C  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
1.  If the listed entity is a party to the 
agreement,  
i. details of the counterparties (including 
name and relationship with the listed 
entity)  
  The following entities are party to the 
shareholders’ agreement (“ SHA ”): 
(a) EPL Limited (“ Company ”);  
(b) Epsilon Bidco Pte. Ltd. (“ Epsilon ”); and  
(c) Indorama Netherlands B.V. (“ IVL”). 
 
2.  If listed entity is not a party to the 
agreement,  
i. name of the party entering into such 
an agreement and the relationship 
with the listed entity;  
ii. details of the counterparties to the 
agreement (including name and 
relationship with the listed entity);  
iii. date of entering into the agreement  
  Not Applicable  
3.  Purpose of entering into the agreement  The purpose of entering into the SHA is to 
define the mutual rights and obligations of  the 
parties, and to set out the terms governing the 
relationship between Epsilon and IVL , and their 
relationship with the Company,  following the  
consummation of the Merger .  
 
4.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed  The Company has no shareholding in any of the 
parties to the SHA.  
 
Epsilon holds 25.97 % shareholding in the 
Company on a fully diluted basis, as on March 29, 2026.  
 IVL holds 24.44% shareholding in the Company 
on a fully diluted basis , as on March 29 , 2026. 
 
5.  Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief)  The SHA provide s for the following significant 
terms : 
(a) Epsilon has the right to nominate 1 (one) 
director and IVL  has the right to nominate at 
least 3 (three) directors on the Board of the 
Company.  
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
(b) Prior approval of both Epsilon and IVL is 
required to be obtained by the Company in 
respect  of certain reserved matters.  
(c) Epsilon and IVL  can freely transfer their 
shares, subject to the restrictions set out in 
the SHA . 
(d) IVL will be subject to certain  non-compete 
obligations  from the effectiveness  of the 
Merger , and  Epsilon will be subject to 
certain non-solicit obligations from the 
effectiveness  of the Merger . 
 
6.  Extent and the nature of impact on 
management or control of the listed entity  (a) Epsilon has the right to nominate 1 (one) 
director and IVL has the right to nominate at least 3 (three) directors on the Board of 
the Company.  
(b) Prior written approval of both Epsilon and IVL is to  be 
obtained by the Company in 
respect of certain reserved matters.   
 
7.  Details and quantification of the restriction 
or liability imposed upon the listed entity  
 Not applicable  
8.  Whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/promoter group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, nature of relationship  As on the date of this intimation, Epsilon is a 
promoter of the Company.  
 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect, IVL will 
also be classified as a promoter of the 
Company.  
 
9.  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s length”  
 Not applicable.  
10.  In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued  
   Not applicable.  
11.  Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out of such agree ments, etc.  
 Not applicable.  
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
12.  In case of rescission, amendment or 
alteration, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s):  
i. name of parties to the agreement;  
ii. nature of the agreement;  
iii. date of execution of the agreement;  
iv. details and reasons for amendment or 
alteration and impact thereof 
(including impact on management or 
control and on the restriction or 
liability quantified earlier);  
v. reasons for rescission and impact 
thereof (including impact on 
management or control and  on the 
restriction or liability quantified 
earlier)  
  Not applicable.  
Note : Capitalised terms used and not defined herein, if any, shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the main intimation.  
 
  
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Annexure D  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
1.  Name(s)  of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered  The following entities are party to the  transition 
services agreement (“ TSA”): 
(a) EPL Limited (“ Company ”);  
(b) Indorama Ventures Global Services  Limited  
(“IVGSL”); and  
(c) Indorama Netherlands B.V. (“ IVL”). 
 
2.  Purpose of entering into the agreement  Upon the Scheme coming into effect , IVGSL will 
provide or procure the provision of certain 
support services  to the Company and certain 
subsidiaries of the Company  until the expiry of 
5 (five) or 10 (ten) years, as applicable . 
 
3.  Size of agreement  The transition services are to be provided to the 
Company and certain subsidiaries of the 
Company at the same cost charged by IVGSL to 
its group companies in connection with the 
provision of these services .  
 
The aggregate s ervice fees payable in calendar 
year 2026 shall not exceed:  
(a) USD 1,0 30,000, in respect of the Transition 
Services set out in Part A of Schedule 1 of 
the TSA; and  
(b) USD 1, 370,000, in respect of the Transition 
Service s set out in Part B of Schedule 1 of 
the TSA.  
 
4.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed  The Company has no shareholding in any of the 
parties to the TSA. 
 
As on the date of this intimation, IVL holds 
24.44% shareholding in the Company on a fully diluted basis , as on March  29, 2026. 
 
5.  Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share subscription 
in case of issuance of shares, right to 
restrict any change in capital structure etc . The significant terms of the  TSA are as below:  
(a) The term for services under Part A of 
Schedule 1 of the TSA is 5 years from the 
effectiveness  of the Merger , and for the 
service under Part B of Schedule 1 of the 
TSA is 10 years from the effectiveness  of the 
Merger . 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
(b) IVL, at the option of the Company,  will 
supply certain raw materials  to the 
Company and its subsidiaries for period of 7 
years post the effectiveness of the Merger  
(and to its group entities  pre-merger) on the 
same commercial terms applicable in the calendar year 2025. 
(c) No sp ecial rights such as appointment of 
directors, first right to share subscription or 
right to restrict any change in capital 
structure are granted under the TSA.  
 
6.  Whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/promoter group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, nature of relationship  
 Upon the Scheme coming into effect, IVL will 
also be classified as a promoter of the 
Company.  
 
7.  Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s length”  The transaction would fall within related party 
transactions , as post the Merger,  IVGSL , IVL and 
the Company will form part of the same group.  
 
The TSA has been negotiated on an arm’s 
length basis, with services to be provided at the same cost that was charged by IVGSL.  
 
8.  In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued  
 Not applicable.  
9.  In case of loan agreements, details of 
lender/borrower, nature of the loan, total 
amount of loan granted/taken, total 
amount outstanding, date of execution of 
the loan agreement/sanction letter, 
details of the security provided to the 
lenders / by the borrowers for such loan or in case outstanding loans lent to a party or borrowed from a party become material on a cumulative bas is 
 Not applicable.  
10.  Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, Please refer to the disclosure in Sr. No. 5 of this 
Annexure D . 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Description  
potential conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc.  In addition, there will be no nominees 
appointed to the board of directors of the 
Company under the TSA.  
 
11.  In case of termination or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s):  
i. name of parties to the agreement;  
ii. nature of the agreement;  
iii. date of execution of the agreement;  
iv. details of amendment and impact 
thereof or reasons of termination and 
impact thereof.  
 Not applicable.  
Note :  Capitalised terms used and not defined herein, if any, shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the main intimation.  
 