 
 
 GFCL: BRD: 202 6                                                                                                       10th July, 2026  
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal  Street, Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code:  542812  The Secretary  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051  
Symbol: FLUOROCHEM  
 
Sub:  Intimation of receipt of  No Objection  Letters  from BSE Limited (BSE) an d  National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited  (“NSE”)  in relation to the  Composite Scheme of 
Arrangement between Inox Leasing and Finance Limited (Demerged 
Company/Transferor Company), Inox Holdings and Investments Limited (Resulting 
Company) and Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited (Transferee Company) and their 
respective Shareho lders   
 
Ref.:  Regulation 3 0 and 37 of the  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
We ref er  to our intimation letters dated 29th October, 2024  and 26th December, 2024  in  respect to the draft 
Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Inox Leasing and Finance Limited, the holding C ompany of 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited, (“Demerged Company” or “Transferor Company” or “ILFL”), Inox Holdings and Investments Limited, (“Resulti ng Company”  or “IHIL”), Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
(“Transferee Company” or “GFCL”) and their respective S hareholders, under the provisions of Sections 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and other applicable provisions  of the Act read with rules 
made thereunder  (“the Scheme”) which were filed with BSE and NSE . 
 In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received No Objection Letters  from the 
BSE Limited  (“BSE”)  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited  (“NSE”)  on 9
th July, 2026. The copies 
of said observation letters are enclosed herewith.  
 
The No Object ion Letters received from BSE and NSE  are available  on the website of the Company at 
www.gfl.co.in .  
 We request you to kindly take the above on your record . 
 
Thanking you,  
 Yours faithfully,  
For Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited  
  Bhavin Desai  
Company Secretary  
FCS 7952  
 Encl.: As above  P® 
GUJARAT FlUOROCHEMICALS 
VA.LIii TIIIOHM HEH CMIMllTIT 
ON : 124304HP2018PlC011898 Vadodara Office: ABS Towers, 2"' Floor, 
Old Padra Road, Vadodara-390J07. Gujarat, India 
An ~ f.~ Group Company Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
Tel: +91-265-o 198111/23300S7 
E-mail: contact@gfl.co.in, Web.: www.gfl.co.in 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1, Khasra Nos. 264 to 267 Industrial Area, Una, Village Basal -174303, Himachal Pradesh I Tel: +91-01975297843 
Corporate Office: INOX Towers, Plot No. 17, Sector-16A, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India I Tel: +91-120-6149600 I Fax: +91-120-6 149610 
DCS/ AMAL/RD/R37 /146/2026-27 
To, 
The Company Secretary , 
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
Plot No. 1, Khasra Nos. 264 to 267 Industrial Area, 
Una, Basal, Himachal Pradesh -174 303. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Composite Scheme of Arrangement by Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited SSE., 
The Power of Vibrance 
July 09, 2026 
We refer to your application for Composite Scheme of Arrangement between lnox Leasing and Finance 
Limited ("ILFL"), lnox Holdings and Investments Limited ("IHIL") and Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
("GFL") filed by Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited ("Draft Scheme") under Section 230-232 read with 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37(1) 
and 59A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in accordance 
SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and SEBI 
Operational Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/DDHS Divl/P/CIR/2022/0000000103 dated July 29, 2022 
(Updated as on December 01, 2022). 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated July 08, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) 
on the said draft scheme of Arrangement : -
A) Comments in accordance with Regulation 37(1) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023. 
l. "The proposed Draft Scheme shall be in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015." 
2. "The entities involved in the proposed Draft Scheme shall not make any changes in the Draft 
Scheme subsequent to filing the Draft Scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), except those 
mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal." 
3. "The entities involved in the Draft Scheme shall ensure that they have complied with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and any other applicable regulations and circulars." 
4. "The entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and/ or its directors, before the NCLT and its shareholders, while 
seeking approval of the Draft Scheme." 
5. "The entity shall ensure that it is disclosed in the explanatory statement, that the ILFL shall 
surrender its NBFC Certificate of Registration to RBI within fifteen days of the Effective Date of 
the Scheme." 
Page 1 of 5 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25. P J Towers, Dalal Street. Mumbai 400001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 I E: corp.comm@bsei ndia.com 
www.bseindia.com I Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC 155188 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
6. "The entity shall ensure that additional information (including the revised valuation report, 
revised fair opinion, ILFL and IHIL Board resolutions dated March 25, 2026 etc.) submitted by 
the Companies after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, till date of receipt of this letter, 
is displayed on the website(s) of the listed companies and the stock exchanges ." 
7. "The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time." 
8. "The entity is advised that the information pertaining to the Unlisted Companies involved in the 
Draft Scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in 
Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval." 
9. "The entity shall ensure that the financials in the Draft Scheme are not for period more than 6 
months old." 
10. "The entity is advised to prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory statement 
or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company 
to their shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, so that 
public shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter: 
a) A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement, along with clarification that lnox 
Leasing and Finance Limited (ILFL) and lnox Holdings and Investment Limited (IHIL) have 
passed board resolutions dated March 25, 2026, whereby it has been clarified by the Board 
of the respective companies that, the Demerged Undertaking includes mutual fund 
distribution activities (and brokerage income generated thereon) being undertaken by ILFL 
and that such activities shall stand transferred to IHIL upon implementation of the Scheme. 
b) The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme. 
c) A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution 
or change in rights. 
d) A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the 
scheme. 
e) The latest financials of Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited (GFL), IHIL and ILFL, not older than 
6 months from the date of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Companies' website 
and also disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
f) Promoter-wise as well as aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group in 
GFL, IHIL and ILFL, before and after giving effect to the scheme, along with the 
corresponding impact on public shareholding. 
g) Details of the Registered Valuers issuing Valuation Reports and the Merchant Bankers 
issuing Fairness opinions, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at 
the Share Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key 
assumptions . 
h) Details Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of GFL, IHIL and ILFL for last 3 years. 
i) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of GFL, IHIL and ILFL as on the date of Shareholders' 
meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft 
Scheme to Notice to shareholders . 
Page 2 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
j) The value of Assets and liabilities of ILFL being transferred to GFL and post-scheme balance 
sheet of GFL. 
k) Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities 
involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the possible 
impact of the same on GFL. 
I) Disclose details of proposed reclassification of Promoters and Promoter Group entities 
for GFL; and the reasons thereof. 
m) Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of same on the draft scheme. 
11. "The entity is advised that the details of the proposed draft scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders." 
12. "The entity is advised that the proposed shares to be issued in terms of the "Draft Scheme" shall 
mandatorily be in demat form only." 
13. "The entity is advised that the "Draft Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the draft scheme document." 
14. "No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ statutory 
authorities/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI." 
15. "The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock Exchange(s) shall be incorporated in 
the petition to be filed before NCL T and the entity is obliged to bring the observations to the 
notice of NCLT." 
16. "The entity is advised that applicable additional information, if any, to be submitted to SEBI 
along with the draft scheme of arrangement as advised by Email dated September 21, 2023 shall 
form part of disclosure to the shareholders." 
17. "The entity is advised to comply with the all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for 
the proposed draft scheme." 
18. "It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCL T after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBl/stock exchange . Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230{5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/ observations/ representations." 
19. "The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection Letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
Page 3 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
20. "Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any 
scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents 
submitted ." 
B. Comments in accordance with Regulation 59A of SEBI LODR Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
dated May 21, 2024. 
1. "The proposed Composite Scheme of Arrangement between lnox Leasing and Finance Limited, 
lnox Holdings and Investments Limited and Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited and their respective 
shareholders shall be in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015." 
2. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not provide any misstatement or furnish 
false information with regard to disclosures to be made in the draft scheme of amalgamation as 
per provisions of Chapter XII of the Operational Circular." 
3. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft scheme 
subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), except those mandated 
by the regulators/authorities/tribunal." 
4. "The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall include information pertaining to the 
unlisted entity in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part B of Schedule 
I of the SEBI (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021, in the notice or 
proposal to be sent to the holders of NCDs/NCRPS while seeking approval for the scheme. The 
accuracy and adequacy of such disclosures shall be certified by the SEBI registered merchant 
banker after following the due diligence process." 
5. "The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
6. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall ensure that they have complied with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Covenants of the Debenture Trust Deeds entered with the 
Debenture Trustee(s) any other relevant regulations and circulars." 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited reference 
to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements within the 
provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with Hon'ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the financial 
soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the 
document submitted. 
Page 4 of 5 
SSE., 
The Power of Vibrance 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company to 
the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about unlisted 
company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the Master circular 
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from the 
date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation' at any stage if the information 
submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or for any 
contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with any 
other requirements . 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), read 
with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 (Company 
Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein pursuant to an Order 
passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the proposed scheme of 
compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 
as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange seeking representations or objections 
if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices served 
upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of serving such Notice 
along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through the Listing 
Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to circular dated 
February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
Yours faithfully, 
M~ ~ e 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page 5 of 5 
Non-ConfidentialRef: NSE/LIST/45331                              July 09, 2026
The Company Secretary
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited
                  
Dear Sir /Madam,
Sub: Observation Letter for draft composite scheme of amalgamation amongst Inox Leasing and 
Fluorochemicals Limited (here
shareholders and creditors under Section 230-232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited.
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/45331 dated February 18, 2025,submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No -SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023,andRegulation
94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, SEBI vide its letter 
dated July 08, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft scheme of arrangement: 
a) The Companyshall ensure thatthe proposed Draft Scheme shall be in compliance with the provisions 
of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
b) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the proposed Draft Scheme shall not make any 
changes in the Draft Scheme subsequent to filing the Draft Scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), 
except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal.
c) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the Draft Scheme have complied with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and any other applicable regulations and circulars.
d) The Company shall ensurethat it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
e Draft 
Scheme.
e) The Company shall ensure that, it is disclosed in the explanatory statement that, the ILFL shall 
surrender its NBFC Certificate of Registration to RBI within fifteen days of the Effective Date of the 
Scheme.

Ref: NSE/LIST/ 45331                                  July09, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialf) The Company shall ensurethat additional information (including the revised valuation report, revised 
fair opinion, ILFL and IHIL Board resolutions dated March 25, 2026, etc.) submitted by the 
Companies after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, till date of receipt of this letter, is 
displayed on the website(s) of the listed companies and the stock exchanges.
g) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.
h) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to the Unlisted Companies involved in the 
Draft Scheme shall be included inthe format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E 
of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.
i) The Company shall ensurethat the financials in the Draft Scheme considered are not for period more 
than 6 months old.
j) The Company shall prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, so that public 
shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter:
i. A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement, along with clarification that Inox Leasing 
and Finance Limited (ILFL) and Inox Holdings and Investment Limited (IHIL) have passed 
board resolutions dated March 25, 2026, whereby it has been clarified by the Board of the 
respective companies that, the Demerged Undertaking includes mutual fund distribution 
activities (and brokerage income generated thereon) being undertaken by ILFL and that such 
activities shall stand transferred to IHIL upon implementation of the Scheme.
ii. The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme.
iii. A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or 
change in rights.
iv. A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the 
scheme.
v. The latest financials of Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited (GFL), IHIL and ILFL, not older 
and also disclosed in the explanatory statement.
vi. Promoter-wise as well as aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group in 
GFL, IHIL and ILFL, before and after giving effect to the scheme, along with the 
corresponding impact on public shareholding.

Ref: NSE/LIST/ 45331                                  July09, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialvii. Details of the Registered Valuers issuing Valuation Reports and the Merchant Bankers issuing 
Fairness opinions, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the Share 
Exchange Ratio, Rationale for adopting such methods, basis and key assumptions.
viii. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of GFL, IHIL and ILFL for last 3 financial years.
ix.
meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft 
Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
x. The value of Assets and liabilities of ILFL being transferred to GFL and post-scheme balance 
sheet of GFL.
xi. Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution 
initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities involved in the 
scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the possible impact of the same on 
GFL.
xii. Disclose details of proposed reclassification of Promoters and Promoter Group entities for 
GFL; and the reasons thereof.
xiii. Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along with 
the impact of same on the draft scheme.
k) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed draft scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to 
the Shareholders.
l) The Company shall ensure
mandatorily be in demat form only.
m) The Company shall ensure
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the draft scheme document.
n) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
o) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in 
the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice 
of NCLT.

Ref: NSE/LIST/ 45331                                  July09, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialp) The Company shall ensure that all the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per 
Annexure Lof Exchange checklist.
q) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the 
proposed draft scheme.
r) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
s) The Company shall ensureto disclose the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website 
within 24 hours of receiving the same.
t) Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the Circular to SEBI 
should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the 
correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.
u) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given in 
of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft scheme 
with NCLT.

Ref: NSE/LIST/ 45331                                  July09, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-ConfidentialHowever, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted to the 
Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws 
and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by statutory 
authorities.
July 09, 2026, within which the Scheme 
shall be submitted to NCLT.
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately take up matter 
with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each point of 
Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > Scheme 
of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance 
Status. 
Yours faithfully, 
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Khyati Vidwans
Chief Manager
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following URL https://www.nseindia.com/static/companies-
listing/raising-capital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application. The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ 
