 
 
Date: March  18, 2026 
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
 
(Company Code: 505714)  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), MUMBAI – 400 051  
 
(Company Code: GABRIEL)  
 
Sub.: Summary of Proceedings of NCLT convened meeting of Equity  Shareholders of the Company in relation 
to Composite Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgamation of Anchemco  India Private Limited (formerly known 
as Andasia Private Limited) (the “Transferor Company”) with and into Asia Investments Private Limited (the 
“Transferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme); and 
Demerg er of Automotive Undertaking (as defined in the proposed scheme) of Asia Investments Private 
Limited (the “Transferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the 
Scheme) into Gabriel India Limited (the “Resulting Company” ) and their respective Shareholders , under 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  (“Scheme").  
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 37  of the Securities and Exchan ge Board of India 
(Listing Oblig ations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, (“Listing Regulations”) . 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
In terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached  the summary of proceedings  of NCLT Convened Meeting of Equity 
Sharehold ers of the Company held on Wednes day,  March 18, 2026,  at 11:00 am through Video Conferencing / 
Other Audio Visual Means  (annexed as Ann exure - 1). 
 
The aforesaid information will also be available on website of the Company at  
https://www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia/  
 
We request you to take the above information on record . 
 
Thanking you  
 
For Gabriel India Limited  
 
 
 
Nilesh Jain  
Company Secretary               
 
Email id: secretarial@gabriel.co.in   
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE -1 
SUMMARY OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF GABRIEL INDIA  LIMITED 
(THE "COMPANY") CON VENED PURSUANT TO THE DIRECTIONS OF HON'BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW 
TRIBUNAL, MUMBAI  BENCH  
 
Pursuant to the order dated  January 29, 2026,  passed by the Hon’ble  National Company Law Tribunal  (NCLT ) in 
the Company Scheme  C.A. (CAA)  No. 281 (MB)/2025 the meeting of  Equity Shareholders of the Company  was 
held on Wednesday, March 18, 2026,  at 11:00 am (IST) through Video Conference / Other Audio -Visual Means 
(VC/OAVM).  
 
As directed by the Hon ’ble NCLT , Mr. H. V. Subba Rao, chaired the proceedings of the meet ing.  
 
Mr. Rao welcomed the shareholders to the meeting  and commence the proceedings of the meeting.  
 
The number of shareholders as on cutoff date i.e. March 11, 2026,  were 1,46,561. The n umber of  shareholders 
present during the meeting were 68. 
 
The requisite quorum was present. The Chairperson called the meeting in order. The quorum was present 
throughout the meeting.   
 
The Chairperson then  requested Mr.  Nilesh Jain, Company Secretary  to brief the members  on the arrangements 
made for the meeting and  about the Scheme .  
 
Mr. Nilesh Jain  welcomed  the shareholders  and introduced the officials attending the meeting.   He further 
informed the members of the detailed voting procedures , briefed on the proposed Scheme  and informed that 
the following resolution  was proposed to be passed  at the meeting : 
 
S. No.  Resolution Description  
Special Business:  
01 Approval of the Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Anchemco India Private Limited 
(Formerly known as Andasia  Private Limited) (“Transferor Company” or “First Applicant Company”) 
with and into Asia Investments Private Limited (“Transferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme 
and “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme or “Second Applicant Company”) and 
Demerger of Demerged Undertaking of Asia Investments Private Limited (“Transferee Company” 
for Part C of the Scheme and “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme or “Second Applicant 
Company”) into Gabriel India Limited (“Resulting Company” or “Third Applicant Co mpany”) and 
their respective shareholders under Sections 230 -232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)  
 
 
The shareholders were informed that the  detailed Explanatory Statement setting ou t the material information 
with respect to the resolution including the rationale for the scheme of arrangement formed part of the notice 
of the meeting . The Notice along with the Explanatory Statement, the Scheme of Arrangement and the other 
accompanying documents were taken as read. Attention was drawn to the members that since the resolution 
had been put to vote through remote e voting, the resolution is not required to be proposed or seconded.  
 
 
 
 
Thereafter on invitation of the Company Secretary  with the permission of the Chairperson , members who have 
registered themselves as  speakers, addressed the meeting through VC/OAVM and sought clarifications on the 
Scheme . After listening to the questions posed by the speaker members, Mr. Atul Jaggi & Mr. Mohit Srivastava , 
responded to the queries of the members and provided  necessary  clarifications.  
Thereafter the  Company Secretary informed  that the results of the remote e -voting and e -voting at the meeting, 
together with the Report of  the Scrutinizers thereon, will be disclosed to the Stock Exchanges and displayed on 
the website of the Company. The Chairperson authorized the Company Secretary to declare the results of voting.  
The Chairperson then concluded the meeting at 11:  35 a.m. inter -alia providing 15 minutes for completing 
Instapoll.  
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Gabriel India Limited  
 
 
 
Nilesh Jain  
Company Secretary               
Email id: secretarial@gabriel.co.in   
 
 