 
 
Date: February  10, 2026 
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
 
(Company Code: 505714)  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), MUMBAI – 400 051  
 
(Company Code: GABRIEL)  
 
Sub.: Notice of meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Gabriel India Limited to be convened as per directions 
of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal , Mumbai Bench (“NCLT”) in the matter of Composite Scheme of 
Arrangement for Amalgamation of Anchemco  India Private Limited (formerly known as Andasia Private 
Limited) (the “Transferor Company”) with and into Asia Investments Private Limited (the “Transferee 
Company” for Part C of the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme); and Demerg er 
of Automotive Undertaking (as defined in the proposed scheme) of Asia Investments Private Limited (the 
“Transferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme) into 
Gabriel India Limited (the “Resulting Company” ) and their respective Shareholders , under Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  (“Scheme").  
 
Ref.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchan ge Board 
of India (List ing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, (“Listing 
Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We are enclosing herewith the copy of the notice convening the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the 
Company. This notices include, inter alia, a copy of the proposed Composite Scheme of Arrangement, the 
accompanying explanatory statement, and relevant annexures, as required under Section 230(3) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements an d Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016.  
 
The notice is being circulated pursuant to the directions issued by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai bench vide its order dated January 29, 2026, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed appropriate, 
approving the proposed Scheme, with or without modification(s), under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
Brief details of the meetings are given as under:  
 
Particulars  Meeting of the Equity S hareholders  
Day, Date & Time of the 
Meeting  Wednesday, March 18, 2026 at 11:00 A.M  
Mode of Meeting  As per the Directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal,  Mumbai 
Bench, the Meeting shall be conducted through Video conference (VC) and/or 
other audio and visual means (OAVM)  
Cut-off Date for E -voting  Wednesday, March 11, 2026  
Remote E -voting Start date 
and Time  Sunday, March 15, 2026 at 09:00 A.M  
Remote E -voting End date 
and Time  Tuesday, March 17, 2026 at 05:00 P.M  
 
 
 
 
The copies of the Notice of the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders is also availab le on the website of the 
Company at https://www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia  and being made available  at website of RTA, KFIN 
Technologies Limited, at evoting.kfintech.com . 
 
The Notice  of the said Meeting is  being dispatched in accordance with the modes specified in the  Hon'ble NCLT's 
Order dated January 29,  2026 . Further, a letter (as per specimen attached herewith)  containing the day, date, 
time, and other requisite particulars for participating in the Meetings via VC / OAVM, along with the web link 
(including the precise navigation path) for accessing the c omplete set of  Notice  and accompanying documents, 
as well as a QR Code facilitating direct access, has been issued to  those Equity Shareholders whose email 
addresses are not available in the  records of the Company.  
 
We request you to take the above informa tion on record  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Gabriel India Limited  
 
 
 
Nilesh Jain  
Company Secretary               
 
Email id: secretarial@gabriel.co.in   
 
GABRIEL INDIA LIMITED
CIN: L34101PN1961PLC015735
Registered Office: 29th Milestone, Pune Nashik Highway, Village Kuruli, Taluka Khed Pune - 410501 Maharashtra, India  
Phone: +91 2135 610 700 Email: secretarial@gabriel.co.in  
Website: https://www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia
T o 10th February, 2026  
The Equity Shareholders  
Gabriel India Limited 
Subject:  Letter regarding notice for convening the meeting of the equity shareholders of Gabriel India Limited
Dear Sir / Madam,
You are hereby informed that by an order pronounced on 29th January, 2026, in the Company Scheme Application (the “Order”), the Hon’ble National Company 
Law T ribunal, Mumbai Bench (“NCLT”), has directed that a meeting of the equity shareholders of Gabriel India Limited (the “Company”) be convened for the 
purpose of considering, and if thought fit, approving with or without modification, the Composite Scheme of Arrangement of Anchemco India Private Limited 
(Formerly known as Andasia Private Limited) (“T ransferor Company” or “First Applicant Company”) with and into Asia Investments Private Limited (“T ransferee 
Company” for Part C of the Scheme and “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme or “Second Applicant Company”) and Demerger of Demerged 
Undertaking of Asia Investments Private Limited (“T ransferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme and “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme or “Second 
Applicant Company”) into Gabriel India Limited (“Resulting Company” or “Third Applicant Company”) and their respective shareholders under Sections 230-232 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”), as applicable, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/93, dated June 20, 2023 and/or any other circulars issued 
by SEBI applicable to schemes of arrangement from time to time and various other matters consequential or integrally connected therewith under applicable laws, 
in connection with the proposed Scheme.
The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 30th June, 2025, have approved the Scheme, subject to the approval of requisite majority of 
shareholders of the Company as may be required, and subject to the sanction of the Hon’ble NCLT and such other authorities as may be necessary.
In pursuance of the Order of the NCLT and as directed therein further, it is hereby informed that a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company will be held 
on Wednesday, 18th March, 2026  at 11:00 A.M. (IST)  through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) (“Meeting”) in compliance with 
the applicable provisions of the Compaines, Act 2013 and  General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020; No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and all subsequent 
circulars in this regard, the latest being  No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (collectively 
referred to as the “MCA Circulars”) read with Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020 and all subsequent circulars in this regard, the 
last being SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated  3rd October 2024 issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (“SEBI Circulars”). 
The equity shareholders of the Company are requested to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM using link:  https://emeetings.kfintech.com .  Further, you may also 
refer to the detailed instructions for joining the Meeting and manner of casting vote through remote e-voting or e-voting during the Meeting as given in the notes 
to the notice of the Meeting.
The notice of the Meeting along with its explanatory statement and all relevant annexures thereto are available on the website of the Company at  
www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia  and weblink to access the same is https://www.anandgroupindia.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/Gabriel_Equity-
Shareholders-Notice_Final.pdf . The aforesaid notice of the Meeting may also be available on the website of the BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/  and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited at https://www.nseindia.com/ . The complete notice along with its explanatory statement and annexures can also be 
accessed through the QR Code given below.
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending Meeting and e-voting from the Kfintech e-voting system, you can write an email at secretarial@gabriel.co.in .
Procedure for registration of email IDs for equity shareholders whose email IDs are not registered:
(a)  For equity shareholders holding shares in physical mode: Please provide necessary details in prescribed Form ISR-1 pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/
HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 07, 2024 to Company’s RTA (KFIN T echnologies Limited, Selenium Building, T ower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial 
District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, T elangana, India - 500 032 and Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com ) through modes as permitted 
in the said circular. Equity shareholders may access the said form available on the website of the Kfintech at https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.
aspx
(b)  For equity shareholders holding shares in Demat mode: Please contact your respective Depository Participant (DP).
 Further, as directed in the Order, the advertisements of the notice of the Meeting containing the day, date, time and the process/links to join the Meeting 
as mentioned above will also be published on 11th February, 2026 in the Newspapers “Business Standard” in English language and “Loksatta’” in the Marathi 
language. Copies of the aforesaid advertisements would also be available on www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia . Further, copies of the aforesaid 
advertisements may also be available on the aforesaid websites of the BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Copy of the aforesaid notice of 
the Meeting along with its explanatory statement and all relevant annexures thereto (including Scheme) shall be available and provided free of charge at the 
Registered Office of the Company to eligible persons.
Dated this 10th day of February, 2026
Place: VisakhapatnamSd/-
Mr. H. V . Subba Rao
Chairperson appointed for the meeting