 
 
 
Date: November  18, 202 5 
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
 
(Company Code: 505714)  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), MUMBAI – 400 051  
 
(Company Code: GABRIEL)  
 
Sub.: Receipt of Observation Letter with ‘no objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  in relation to the proposed Composite Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgamation of 
Anchemco India Private Limited (formerly known as Andasia Private Limi ted) (the “Transferor 
Company”) with and into Asia Investments Private Limited (the “Transferee Company” for Part C of 
the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the Scheme); and Demerger of Automotive 
Undertaking (as defined in the proposed schem e) of Asia Investments Private Limited (the 
“Transferee Company” for Part C of the Scheme and the “Demerged Company” for Part D of the 
Scheme) into Gabriel India Limited (the “Resulting Company”) and their respective Shareholders , 
under Sections 230 to 232  and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  (“Scheme").  
 
Ref.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable Regulations of the Securities and 
Exchan ge Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended, (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is with reference to our intimation  dated June 30, 2025 informing about the decision of the Board 
of Directors of Gabriel India Limited approving the Scheme, subject to receipt of applicable regulatory 
and other approvals.  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that Gabriel India Limi ted has received observation letter 
with “no objection” from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited on November 17, 2025 , as 
required under Regulation 37 of the Listing Regulations  in relation to the Scheme so as to enable the 
Company to file the Sc heme with the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal , Mumbai  Bench 
(“NCLT”). The Company will initiate the process of filing the Scheme with NCLT.  
 
The cop y of the said observation letter is enclosed herewith. The same has been also uploaded  on 
the website of Gabriel India Limited at :  
https://www.anandgroupindia.com/gabrielindia/investors/scheme -of-arrangement/  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The effectiveness of the Scheme will be sub ject to the approval of the NCLT, and other necessary 
approvals as may be required.  
 
We request you to take the above information on record and bring it to the notice of all concerned.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Gabriel India Limited  
 
 
 
Nilesh Jain  
Company Secretary               
 
Email id: secretarial@gabriel.co.in   
 
 
 
  
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49602                           November 17, 2025  
The Company Secretary , 
Gabriel India Limited   
                                  
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for draft composite scheme of arrangement between Anchemco India 
Private Limited (“Transferor Company ” or “AnIPL ”), Asia Investments Private Limited 
(“Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”  or “AIPL” ) and Gabriel India Limited 
(“Resulting Company ” or “GIL ”) and their respective shareholders and creditors under 
Sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and relevant rules 
made thereunder.  
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Gabriel India Limited .  
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 49602  dated  September 23 , 2025 , submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
read with Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, SEBI vide its letter dated November 17, 2025 has inter alia given the following comment(s) on 
the draft scheme of arrangement:  
 
a) The proposed composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement shall be in compliance with 
the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
b) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters, and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders,  while seeking approval of the 
Scheme.  
c) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the Listed Compan y and the Stock Exchanges . 
d) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any 
changes in the draft scheme subsequent to  filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock 
Exchange(s), except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities/tribuna l. 
e) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the SEBI Master 
Circular dated June 20, 2023 and also ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Companies are 
transferred to the Transferee Company.  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:21 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49602                                       November 17, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 f) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved 
in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part 
E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notic e or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.  
g) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.  
h) The Company shall ensure to disclose the following, as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to  be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, so that public 
shareholders can make an informed decision in the matter.  
i. In the interest of ensuring transparency and informed decision making by public 
shareholders, Company to prominently disclose following information on the very first 
page of the notice convening the shareholders meeting for approval of scheme of 
arrangemen t (in bold text and highlighted for visibility) and in all the further 
communications to the public shareholders regarding the scheme  
 
"The shareholding pattern of Promoter/Promoter Group and Public shareholders before 
and after implementation of scheme is depicted as under : 
 
Category  Pre-Scheme 
Shareholding (%)  Post-Scheme 
Shareholding (%)  Change  (%) 
Promoter / Promoter 
Group     
Public Shareholders     
 
The shareholders may note that implementation of scheme shall result in increase in the 
shareholding of Promoter/Promoter Group from .....% Shareholders may also note that 
approval of the shareholders to scheme of merger would also result in to them agreei ng to 
increase in shareholding of promoters on implementation of the scheme. Therefore, 
investors should read all the scheme related documents before exercising their voting 
rights.  
 
The above disclosure shall also be accompanied by a brief explanation regarding the 
reasons for the increase in shareholding of Promoter/Promoter Group and its impact on 
the public shareholders in terms of their rights and value of their holding in the Com pany.  
 
ii. Need for the merger and demerger, Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the 
entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit 
analysis of the scheme.  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:21 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49602                                       November 17, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
  
iii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and Merchant Banker issuing 
Fairness opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share -Swap Ratio 
and Rationale for using above methods.  
 
iv. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of GIL and AIPL for last 3 years.  
 
v.  Latest financials of GIL, AIPL and AnIPL not older than 6 months from the date of NOC 
of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the 
explanatory statement.  
 
vi. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of GIL and AIPL as on the date of notice of 
Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of 
Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
 
vii. Capital built -up of AIPL, GIL and AnIPL since incorporation and last 3 years shareholding 
pattern filed by AIPL and AnlPL with ROC.  
 
viii. Value of Assets and liabilities of AIPL that are being transferred to GIL and post merger 
balance sheet of GIL and AIPL  
 
ix. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the merger demerger, including 
integration challenges, market conditions and financial uncertaintie s. 
 
x. Financial implication of merger and Demerger on Promoters, Public Shareholders and 
the companies involved.  
 
xi. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to 
the shareholders  
i) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders.  
j) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
k) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document . 
l) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:21 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49602                                       November 17, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 m) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock Exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT, and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.  
n)  The Company shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per 
Annexure M of Exchange checklist.  
o) The Company shall ensure to comply with the all  applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors 
for the proposed scheme.  
p) The Company shall ensure that the steps for listing of specified securities are completed and 
trading in securities commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon'ble High 
Court/NCLT, simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity 
(or transfer entity) are/were listed.  
q) The Company shall ensure that petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing 
and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) 
of Comp anies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations /representations.  
r)  The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies ) involved in the proposed scheme shall 
disclose the No -Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of 
receiving the same.  
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEB I/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:21 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 49602                                       November 17, 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from November 17, 2025 , within which 
the Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37 of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observ ation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Shiwani Mundhra  
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:21 IST
Location: NSE