 
 
 
 
Our Ref: SH/SE/JUNE /2026                                                       September  02, 2026  
   
 
BSE Ltd.    
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street   
Mumbai  -400 001  
  
Scrip Code:  500620    
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No C/1,  
G Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051  
  
Symbol : GESHIP    
  
Dear Sir,   
  
We wish to inform you that  as per the requirements of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended, the Company has , on September 01, 
2026, sent an intimation through electronic mode regarding the open market buyback offer  to 
all its shareholders  as on the date of making t he Public Announcement  (where email id is 
available) . 
 
We enclose herewith the copy of email communication sent to the shareholders.  
 This is for your information and records.  
 
 
  
Thanking you,  
  
Yours faithfully   
For: The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited   
  
 
Anand Punde  
Company Secretary    
Email I d: anand_punde@greatship.com  
 
 
 
The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited  
Registered Office :  Ocean House, 134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 018  
CIN:  L35110MH1948PLC006472  
Tel: +91 22 66613000/24922100  
Website:  www.greatship.com ; E-mail:  shares@greatship.com  
Contact Person:  Mr. Anand Punde - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Date: September 01, 2026   
Ref: Folio / DP Id & Client Id No: ------------------  
 
Name of the Shareholder: ---------------   
 
Dear Shareholder,  
Sub: OFFER TO BUYBACK THE FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY HAVING A 
FACE VALUE OF ₹ 10/ - (RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH ("EQUITY SHARES"), THROUGH THE OPEN 
MARKET ROUTE, USING MECHANISM FOR ACQUISITION OF SHARES THROUGH STOCK 
EXCHANGE, AT A PRICE NOT EXC EEDING ₹ 1,530/ - (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED 
AND THIRTY ONLY) ("MAXIMUM BUYBACK PRICE") PER EQUITY SHARE PAYABLE IN CASH FOR 
AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT NOT EXCEEDING ₹9,00,00,00,000 (RUPEES NINE HUNDRED CRORES 
ONLY) ("MAXIMUM BUYBACK SIZE") (THE "BUYBACK").   
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 
August 27, 2026, have considered and approved the proposal for buyback of fully paid up Equity 
Shares from all shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of  the Company (other 
than the promoters and shareholders belonging to the promoter group of the Company), 
through the "open market" route, using mechanism for acquisition of shares through stock 
exchange at a price not exceeding ₹ 1,530/ - (Rupees One Thousa nd Five Hundred and Thirty 
only) ( "Maximum Buyback Price" ) per Equity Share, payable in cash, for an aggregate amount 
not exceeding ₹ 9,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) ( "Maximum Buyback 
Size" ) excluding expenses to be incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage, turnover charges, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, any 
expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fee payable to  SEBI, advisors, 
legal fees, intermediary fees, public announcement publication expenses, printing, dispatch 
expenses and other incidental and related expenses.  
 
This is to inform you that, on or before September 04, 2026 (i.e., being the date of opening of 
the Buyback), the Company shall start placing "buy" orders on the stock exchanges in the 
normal trading segment, through its broker, for such number of Equity S hares as it intends to 
Buyback at or below the Maximum Buyback Price. Further details are set out in the public 
announcement dated August 29, 2026 ( "Public Announcement" ) which is attached herewith.  

 
A copy of this Public Announcement is also available on the Company's website 
(www.greatship.com ), on the website of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited ( "NSE" ) (www.nseindia.com ), BSE Limited ( "BSE" ) (www.bseindia.com ) and 
website of the Manager to the Buyback ( https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ) during the period 
of the Buyback.  
 
You are requested to take note of the following proposed schedule of activities in relation to 
the Buyback:  
Date of opening of the Buyback   On or before September 04, 2026   
Acceptance of Equity Shares accepted in 
dematerialized mode   Upon the relevant pay -out by the stock 
exchanges   
Last date for the completion of the Buyback   Earlier of:  
a. December 11, 2026 (that is 66 
working days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback); or  
 
b. when the Company completes the 
Buyback by deploying the amount 
equivalent to the Maximum Buyback 
Size; or  
 
c. at such earlier date as may be 
determined by the Board, after giving 
notice of such earlier closure, subject 
to the Company having deployed an 
amount equivalent to ₹ 
6,75,00,00,000 (even if the Maximum 
Buyback Size has not been reached), 
however, that all payment obligations 
relating to the Buyback shall be 
completed before the last date for the 
Buyback.  
In case of any queries, you may contact the Manager to the Buyback or Registrar at the details 
mentioned below:  
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
  
Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited  
Address:  27 BKC, 1st Floor, Plot No. C -27, 'G' 
Block, Bandra  
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 
051 
Contact Person:  Mr. Ganesh Rane  
Tel. No.:  +91 22 4336 0758  
Fax No.:  +91 22 6713 2447  
Email:  geship.buyback2026@kotak.com   
Website:  https://investmentbank.kotak.com/   
SEBI Registration no.:  INM000008704  
Validity period:  Permanent Registration  
Corporate Identification 
Number: U67120MH1995PLC134050  KFin Technologies Limited  
Address:  Selenium, Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 
32,  
Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 
500032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person:  Mr. Anil Dalvi  
Tel. No.:  +91 40 6716 2222/ 7961 1000  
Toll Free No.:  18003094001  
Email:  greatship.buyback@kfintech.com  
Website:  www.kfintech.com   
Investor Grievance Email:  
einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration No.:  INR000000221  
Validity period:  Permanent Registration  
Corporate Identification Number:  
L72400MH2017PLC444072  
Thanking you,  
 
For THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED  
 
Sd/-  
Anand Punde  
Company Secretary  
  
This is a system generated Email. Please do not reply to this Email.  
 

1FOR THE ATTENTION OF HOLDERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE GREAT 
EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”) FOR THE BUYBACK 
OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH STOCK EXCHANGES 
UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF 
SECURITIES) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED.
This public announcement (the “ Public Announcement ”) is being made in relation to the 
Buyback (as defined hereinafter)  of Equity Shares (as defined hereinafter)  of the Company 
from the open market through stock exchange mechanism, pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 16(iv)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018 (including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) 
from time to time) (the “ SEBI  Buyback Regulations ”) and contains the disclosures, as 
specified in Schedule IV read with Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
Certain figures contained in this Public Announcement, including financial information, 
have been subject to rounding-off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two 
decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers 
may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a 
column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that 
column or row. Further, certain numerical information in this Public Announcement has 
been presented in ‘crore’. One crore represents 10 million, i.e. 10,000,000.
“Working Day” means any working day of the SEBI ( as defined hereinafter ).
BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH THE STOCK 
EXCHANGES.
PART A - DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE I OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS.
1. DETAILS OF BUYBACK OFFER AND OFFER PRICE
1.1 Pursuant to the provisions of Article 65 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to 
time (the “ Companies Act ”) (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactments from time to time), the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI LODR Regulations ”) 
(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactments from time 
to time), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and 
exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), the stock exchanges 
on which the equity shares of the Company are listed (the “ Stock Exchanges ”), 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ MCA ”), Registrar of Companies (the “ RoC”) and/ 
or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, 
MCA, and RoC, the “ Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary, and subject 
to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications, if any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Appropriate Authorities, while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which 
term shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers), 
the Board at its meeting held on August 27, 2026 (“ Board Meeting ”) approved the 
buyback by the Company of its fully paid-up Equity Shares of the face value of INR 
10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) (“ Equity Shares ”) of the Company, each from its 
shareholders/ beneficial owners (other than those who are promoters, members of 
the promoter group or persons in control of the Company) from the open market 
through Stock Exchange mechanism i.e., using the electronic trading facilities of 
the Stock Exchanges, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 900,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) (“ Maximum Buyback Size ”), and at a 
price not exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and 
Thirty only) per Equity Share (“ Maximum Buyback Price ”), payable in cash (the 
process being referred to as “ Buyback” ). The Maximum Buyback Size does not 
include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, turnover charges, applicable taxes such 
as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, intermediary 
fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and 
other incidental and related expenses, etc (collectively referred to as “ Transaction 
Costs ”).
1.2 The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company’s fully paid-up Equity Share Capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company). Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size 
is less than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company based on both audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 
68(2)(b) of the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, approval from the shareholders of the Company is not required under 
the applicable laws.
1.3 At the Maximum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares 
(“Maximum Buyback Shares ”), representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share Capital of 
the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board Meeting and 
Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the 
Maximum Buyback Price, the number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed 
the Maximum Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback 
Size) but will always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size.
1.4 The Company shall utilize at least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size i.e., INR 
675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) 
(“Minimum Buyback Size ”) towards the Buyback and based on the Minimum 
Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company would purchase a 
minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and 
Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum Buyback Size, i.e., 
INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) shall be 
utilized within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer.
1.5 In accordance with Regulation 17(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Buyback offer shall open within 4 (four) Working Days from the date of this Public 
Announcement and close within 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer (“ Maximum Buyback Period ”). The Board shall 
determine, at its discretion, the time frame for completion of the Buyback and may 
close the Buyback which shall not be later than the Maximum Buyback Period after 
the Minimum Buyback Size has been reached and irrespective of whether the 
Maximum Buyback Size has or has not been reached, after giving appropriate notice 
for such closure and on completing all formalities in this regard, in accordance with 
the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
1.6 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company from its free reserves, the 
securities premium account or such other sources as may be permitted by law 
and in accordance with Section 68(1) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ix) 
of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and in accordance with Regulation 4(iv)(b)(ii) 
and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, by way of open 
market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism 
except ‘all or none’ order matching system as provided under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations.
1.7 The Buyback is subject to such sanctions and approvals as may be required under 
applicable laws and regulations. The Buyback from shareholders/ beneficial owners, 
who are persons resident outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors/ 
foreign institutional investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and non-resident 
Indians, if any, shall be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required, 
including approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and the 
same shall be procured by such shareholders, if applicable.
1.8 A copy of this Public Announcement will be made available on the Company’s website 
(www.greatship.com)  and is expected to be available on the website of SEBI ( www.
sebi.gov.in ), website of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) (www.
nseindia.com ), website of BSE Limited (“ BSE”) (www.bseindia.com ) and website of 
the Manager to the Buyback ( https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ) during the period 
of the Buyback.
1.9 In addition to publication of this Public Announcement and its availability on the 
websites of the Company, SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, the Company shall 
disseminate information regarding the Buyback to all shareholders of the Company 
holding Equity Shares on the date of making this Public Announcement, through 
electronic means, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Buy-Back of 
Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 (effective from August 1, 2026), which 
re-introduced the open market buyback route through the Stock Exchanges.
2. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK
2.1 In continuation of the Company’s efforts to effectively utilize its resources, it is 
proposed to undertake the Buyback of its own Equity Shares. The Buyback is being 
undertaken, inter alia,  for the following reasons:
(i) The Buyback would result in reduction in outstanding number of Equity Shares and 
consequently increase earnings per share and book value per share, based on the 
assumption that the Company would earn similar profits as in the past over a period 
of time;
(ii) The Buyback would help to effectively utilize available cash;
(iii) The Buyback may help to improve return on equity, by reduction in the equity base, 
thereby leading to long-term increase in shareholders’ value. At the same time, it will 
not materially impact the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities; and (iv) The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the 
Company (except the promoters, promoter group and the person in control of the 
Company), who can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be 
accepted under the Buyback offer or they may choose not to participate and enjoy 
a resultant increase in returns on their shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without 
any additional investment.
3. MAXIMUM AMOUNT REQUIRED UNDER THE BUYBACK AND ITS PERCENTAGE 
OF THE TOTAL PAID-UP CAPITAL AND FREE RESERVES
3.1 The maximum amount of funds required for the Buyback will not exceed INR 
900,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only), excluding Transaction 
Costs.
3.2 The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company’s fully paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company), and the same is within the prescribed limit 
of 10% of the aggregate total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, under the Board approval route as per Section 
68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
4. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES THAT THE COMPANY PROPOSES 
TO BUY- BACK
4.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares, 
representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) of the total number of Equity Shares 
in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 
as on the date of the Board Meeting and Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares 
are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the actual number 
of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Maximum Buyback Shares but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size.
4.2 In terms of Regulation 15(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall 
utilize at least 75% of the amount earmarked as the Maximum Buyback Size for the 
Buyback, i.e. INR 675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five 
Crores only). Based on the Minimum Buyback Size and Maximum Buyback Price, 
the Company would purchase a minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares.
4.3 In terms of Regulation 15(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback i.e., INR 
360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) within the 
initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period.
4.4 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back during the Buyback period will 
depend upon the actual price paid for the Equity Shares bought back and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size 
and shall not exceed the 25% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company .
5. MAXIMUM PRICE FOR BUYBACK OF THE EQUITY SHARES AND BASIS FOR 
ARRIVING AT THE MAXIMUM BUYBACK PRICE
5.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price not 
exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) 
per Equity Share i.e., the Maximum Buyback Price.
5.2 The Maximum Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors 
including, but not limited to, the trends in the volume weighted average market prices 
of the Stock Exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed, possible impact of the 
Buyback on the price earnings ratio, impact on net worth, earnings and book value 
per Equity Share and other financial parameters.
5.3 The Maximum Buyback Price per Equity Share represents:
(i) a premium of 9.81% and 10.17% over the volume weighted average market price of 
the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during one month preceding the 
date of intimation, i.e., August 24, 2026 (“ Intimation Date ”) to the Stock Exchanges 
of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback.
(ii) a premium of 17.38% and 17.42% over the volume weighted average market price 
of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the two weeks preceding 
the Intimation Date.
(iii) a premium of 15.12% and 14.78% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on 
BSE and NSE, respectively, as on the Intimation Date.
5.4 Shareholders are advised that the Buyback of the Equity Shares will be carried 
out through the Stock Exchanges by the Company, in its sole discretion, based on, 
amongst other things, the prevailing market prices of the Equity Shares, which may 
be below the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share.
6. COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION 4 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS
 In terms of the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the offer for Buyback 
under board approval cannot be made for 10% or more of the total paid-up equity 
capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the standalone or consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever sets out a lower amount. As per the 
latest audited balance sheet of the Company as of March 31, 2026, the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital and free reserves are as follows:
(INR crore)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Total paid-up equity capital (A) 142.77 142.77
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08 14,046.74
Total paid-up Equity Share capital and free 
reserves (A+B)12,508.85 14,189.51
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback 
under the Regulation 4(iv) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, i.e., lower of 15% of the total paid-
up Equity Share capital and free reserves of 
standalone and consolidated financial statements.1,876.33
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback with 
the approval of Board under Section 68(2)(b) of 
the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)
(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations (10% of the 
aggregate total paid-up capital and free reserves, 
based on the standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever 
sets out a lower amount)1,250.89
 Based on the above, the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 2026.
7. METHOD TO BE ADOPTED FOR BUYBACK AS REFERRED TO IN REGULATION 
4(iv)(b) AND REGULATION 16 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS
7.1 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
7.2 In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, except in case of 
transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities 
shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a 
depository. Accordingly, the Buyback is open to beneficial owners holding Equity 
Shares in dematerialized form. The promoters, promoter group and the persons in 
control of the Company shall not participate in the Buyback. Further, as required 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company will not buyback Equity Shares 
which are locked-in or non-transferable or held in physical form, until the pendency 
of such lock-in or until the time such Equity Shares become transferable or until the 
time such Equity Shares are converted into dematerialized form (“ Demat Shares ”), 
as applicable.
7.3 In relation to the Buyback of Demat Shares, the execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the broker, appointed by the Company, in accordance with the 
requirements of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI.
8. THE AGGREGATE SHAREHOLDING OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF 
THE PROMOTER GROUP, THE DIRECTORS OF THE PROMOTER/PROMOTER 
GROUP WHERE PROMOTER/PROMOTER GROUP IS A COMPANY, DIRECTORS 
AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY
 Details of the aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, directors of the promoters and members of the promoter group (where the 
promoter or the member of the promoter group is a company), persons in control 
of the Company, directors and key managerial personnel of the Company as on the 
date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Public Announcement, is below.
8.1 The aggregate shareholding of the promoters/ promoter group including persons in 
control of the Company:
Sr. 
No.Name of the Shareholder Number of 
Equity Shares% Shareholding
(on a fully diluted basis)
Promoters & Promoter Group
1Ravi K. Sheth 1,66,63,095* 11.67%
2Bharat K. Sheth 1,61,19,490* 11.29%Sr. 
No.Name of the Shareholder Number of 
Equity Shares% Shareholding
(on a fully diluted basis)
Promoters & Promoter Group
3Laadki Trading and 
Investments Limited61,54,981 4.31%
4Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74%
5Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41%
6Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37%
7Rosaleen Mulji 4,32,000 0.30%
8Gopa Investments Co. Pvt. Ltd. 4,24,000 0.30%
9K. M. Sheth 2,78,133 0.19%
10 Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13%
11 Jyoti Bharat Sheth 1,37,796 0.10%
12 Nisha Viraj Mehta 1,12,037 0.08%
13 Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08%
14 Nirja Bharat Sheth 1,05,317 0.07%
15 Arjun Ravi Sheth 50,040 0.04%
16 Gopali Mulji - -
Total 4,29,36,248 30.07%
 *including shares held as trustee
8.2 The aggregate shareholding of the directors of companies which are a part of the 
promoter and promoter group of the Company:
(i) Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.e., Laadki Trading and Investments 
Limited) in the Company:
Sr. 
No.Name of the Director Number of 
Equity Shares% Shareholding
(on a fully diluted basis)
1Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13%
2Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08%
3Ankit Mamniya - 0.00%
4Rajesh Bhatt - 0.00%
Total 2,92,329 0.21%
(ii) Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.e., Gopa Investments Co. Pvt Ltd) 
in the Company:
Sr. 
No.Name of the Director Number of 
Equity Shares% Shareholding
(on a fully diluted basis)
1Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74%
2Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41%
3Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37%
4Pankaj Pandey 1,50,000 0.11%
5Vijay Udani 21,000 0.01%
6Gopali Mulji - 0.00%
Total 23,38,030 1.64%
8.3 The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company:
Sr. 
No.Name Designation Number 
of Equity 
Shares% of Paid-up 
Equity Share 
Capital
1K. M. Sheth Chairman Emeritus 2,78,133 0.19%
Directors
2Bharat K. Sheth Chairman and 
Managing Director1,61,19,490* 11.29%
3Ravi K. Sheth Non-Executive - Non 
Independent Director1,66,63,095* 11.67%
4Amitabh Kumar Non-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
5Bhavna Doshi Non-Executive - 
Independent Director1,192@0.00%
6Kalpana 
MorpariaNon-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
7Keki Mistry Non-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
8Raju Shukla Non-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
9Ranjit Pandit Non-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
10 Shivshankar 
MenonNon-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
11 T. N. Ninan Non-Executive - 
Independent Director- -
12 Uday Shankar Non-Executive - 
Independent Director11,384 0.01%
13 G. Shivakumar Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer57 0.00%
Key Managerial Personnel
14 Anand Punde Company Secretary 5 0.00%
 * including shares held as trustee
 @ held jointly with husband as a second holder
8.4 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and members of the promoter 
group, persons in control, directors of companies which are a part of the promoter and 
promoter group of the Company during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the 
date of this Public Announcement (and during a period of 6 (six) months preceding 
the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buyback (i.e., August 27, 2026):
(i) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and promoter group and 
persons who are in control of the Company: Nil
(ii) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the directors of companies which are a part 
of the promoter and promoter group of the Company:
Shareholder Aggregate 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
Purchased 
/ (Sold)Nature of 
TransactionMaximum 
Price (INR)Date of 
Maximum 
PriceMinimum 
Price 
(INR)Date of 
Minimum 
Price
Pankaj 
Pandey5,000 Off-market 
transferNil June 18, 
2026Nil June 18, 
2026
Uday 
Shankar10,000 Market 
Purchase990.00 September 
9, 2025983.00 September 
9, 2025
9. INTENTION OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP 
AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO OFFER THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES IN THE BUYBACK
9.1 In terms of Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, since the Buyback is 
being implemented by way of open market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, 
the Buyback shall not be extended to the promoters, promoter group and persons in 
control of the Company.
9.2 Further, in compliance with Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
neither the promoters nor the promoter group nor his/ their associates shall deal 
in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through 
the Stock Exchanges or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity 
Shares amongst them) during the period from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
closing of the Buyback.
9.3 In addition to the above, as per Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Equity Shares held by the promoters and promoter group including their 
associates, for which Buyback is undertaken, shall remain frozen at the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) level during the period from the date of the 
Board Meeting till the closing of the Buyback. The transfer of Equity Shares pursuant 
to invocation of encumbrances created prior to the commencement of Buyback, 
may be allowed subject to the freeze on such Equity Shares continuing to apply 
pursuant to invocation of encumbrances, and also subject to the conditions as may 
be specified by SEBI. The operationalization of this ISIN-level freeze mechanism 
is governed by the SEBI circular dated July 21, 2026, on Operationalization of 
Freezing Holdings of Promoter and Promoter Group (including their associates) at 
the ISIN level under Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and the 
operational guidelines issued by the depositories pursuant thereto. The Company 
has provided necessary instructions to the depositories to give effect to such freezing 
of Equity Shares .THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED
Registered Office:  Ocean House, 134/A, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 • CIN: L35110MH1948PLC006472 
Tel: +91 22 66613000 • Website:  www.greatship.com  • E-mail:  shares@greatship.com  • Contact Person:  Mr. Anand Punde – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT
210. SUBSISTING DEFAULTS
 The Company confirms that there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of 
deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or interest payment 
thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any 
shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any 
financial institution or banking company.
11. CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
 The Board has confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects 
of the Company and has formed the opinion that:
(i) immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board of Directors is 
convened on August 27, 2026, approving the Buyback (“ Board Meeting Date ”), 
there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its 
debts;
(ii) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the 
Board Meeting Date, having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources which will, in the Board’s view, be available to 
the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and 
when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from 
the Board Meeting Date; and
(iii) in forming the aforesaid opinion, the Board has taken into account the liabilities 
(including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound 
up under the provisions of the Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended.
12. CONFIRMATION FROM THE COMPANY AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS AND THE COMPANIES ACT
(i) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid-up;
(ii) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities including by way 
of bonus from the date of the Board approving the Buyback till the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion 
of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares 
or debentures into Equity Shares;
(iii) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further 
capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the 
Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the 
Buyback period;
(iv) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, shall 
not make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including 
allotment of new shares or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months 
after the completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or equity 
shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into Equity Shares;
(v) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from 
any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or 
through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation 
of the Buyback;
(vi) the aggregate maximum amount of the Buyback i.e. INR 900,00,00,000/- (Indian 
Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the 
total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 
March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount;
(vii) the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 
58,82,352 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two)
Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board 
Meeting and Public Announcement;
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Companies Act (“ Scheme ”) involving the Company, and no public 
announcement of the Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme;
(ix) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;
(x) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior 
consent of its lenders in case it results in a breach of any covenant with such lenders;
(xi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds 
for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations;
(xii) the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback 
and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and 
physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines;
(xiii) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of 1 (one) year from the date of 
passing of the Board resolution and within such period as may be prescribed in the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations;
(xiv) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of 
the offer of the Buyback is made;
(xv) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of 
the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws;
(xvi) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares;
(xvii) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, if any or through any 
investment company or group of investment companies;
(xviii) the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;
(xix) there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of deposits, interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption 
of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment 
of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institution or banking 
company;
(xx) the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked-in or non-transferable, 
until the pendency of such lock-in, or until the time the Equity Shares become 
transferable, as applicable;
(xxi) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company 
shall not be more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves, after 
the Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount;
(xxii) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ 
or such sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve 
account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements;
(xxiii)  Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges;
(xxiv)  Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR Regulations;
(xxv) the Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and in such form as may be prescribed by SEBI so as to 
enable the Stock Exchanges to upload the same on their website immediately;
(xxvi)  as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters and 
members of promoter group of the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares 
or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges 
or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the 
promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the Board approving 
the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer; and
(xxvii)  the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period 
of one year immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting.
13. REPORT BY THE COMPANY’S STATUTORY AUDITOR
 The text of the report dated August 27, 2026, received from Deloitte Haskins & Sells 
LLP, the statutory auditor of the Company addressed to the Board of the Company is 
reproduced below:
 Quote
 Ref: MP/2026-27/24
 To,
 The Board of Directors,
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited
 Ocean House
 134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road
 Worli, Mumbai - 400018
 Re: Statutory Auditor’s Report in respect of proposed buyback of Equity 
Shares by The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited (“the Company”) in 
terms of Clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the Buyback 
Regulations”)
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter with 
reference no. MP/EL/2026-27/03 dated August 20, 2026.
2. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved a proposal for buyback of 
Equity Shares by the Company at its meeting held on August 27, 2026, in pursuance 
of the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended 
(the “Act”) and the Buyback Regulations.
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on 
the accompanying “Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the year ended March 31, 2026” (‘Annexure A’) (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Statement”). This Statement has been prepared by the Management, which we 
have stamped and initialed for the purposes of identification only .
Management’s Responsibility
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2)
(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) 
of the Buyback Regulations  and compliance with the Buyback Regulations, is the 
responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the computation of the 
amount of the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all 
accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility 
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis 
of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.
5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the 
Company has applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 
1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from 
August 27, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into 
the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in 
clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within 
a period of one year from that date of board meeting. The Board of Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with all the requirements of the 
Act and Buyback Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to 
provide a reasonable assurance that:
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026 which were approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their meeting held on May 14, 2026;
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated in Annexure A, has been 
properly determined considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company, 
in accordance with proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 
4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable; 
and
iii. the Board of Directors of the Company, in its Meeting held on August 27, 2026 
has formed the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback 
Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company will not, having regard to its 
state of affairs, be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management’s Responsibility 
above) within a period of one year from the aforesaid date with regard to which the 
proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting.
7. Our responsibility did not include the evaluation of adherence by the Company with 
the other applicable provisions/regulations of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, 
in connection with the proposed Buyback.
8. Nothing contained in this Report, nor anything said or done in the course of, or 
in connection with the services that are subject to this report, will extend any duty 
of care that we may have in our capacity of the statutory auditors of any financial 
statements of the Company.
9. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
referred to in paragraph 6 above, were audited by us, on which we had issued an 
unmodified audit opinion in our reports each dated May 14, 2026. We conducted 
our audit of the said annual standalone and consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the 
Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned and performed in 
connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest 
to third parties.
10. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”) and 
Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
in so far as applicable for the purpose of this report. The Guidance Note requires that 
we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
11. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements. Further our examination did not extend to any other parts and aspects 
of a legal or proprietary nature in the aforesaid Buyback.
12. We have no responsibility to update this Report for events and circumstances 
occurring after the date of this Report.
Opinion
13. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that:
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company in their meeting held on May 14, 2026.
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment (including premium) towards the 
proposed buy back of Equity Shares as computed in the Statement attached 
herewith, as Annexure A, in our view, has been properly determined in accordance 
with proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) and the 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable.
iii. The Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on August 27, 2026 has 
formed opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations, 
on reasonable grounds that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not 
be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management’s Responsibility above) within a 
period of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated August 27, 
2026.
Restriction on use
14. This Report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the 
Company (i) in connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the 
Company as mentioned in paragraph 2 above, (ii) to enable the Board of Directors of 
the Company to include in the public announcement, and other documents pertaining 
to the proposed buyback to be filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges and any other regulatory authority as 
per applicable law and (b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National 
Securities Depository Limited, and (iii) for sharing with the Merchant Bankers in 
connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the Company for onward 
submission to relevant authorities in pursuance of the provisions of Section 68 and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be 
suitable for any other purpose. This report should not be used for any other purpose 
without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any 
liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this 
report is shown or into whose hands it may come without  our prior consent in writing.
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/ W-100018)
Mehul Parekh
Partner
 (Membership No. 121513)
Mumbai, August 27, 2026  UDIN: 26121513OXVXSX1420
Annexure A – Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) 
based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements  
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of Equity 
Shares of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited in compliance with proviso 
to Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with proviso to 
Regulation 4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the 
Buyback Regulations”), based on annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026.
(Rs. In crores)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Paid up equity capital as at March 31, 2026 (A) 142.77 142.77
Free reserves as at March 31, 2026:
Retained earnings 8,471.03 9,933.41
Securities premium reserve - 74.76
General reserve 4,399.70 4,625.67
Unrealised gain on fair valuation of assets 
and liabilities as at March 31, 2026(504.65) (587.10)
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08 14,046.74
Total paid up Equity capital and free 
reservesC=(A+B) 12,508.85 14,189.51Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act, i.e. 10% of the total paid up capital 
and free reserves.C*10% 1,250.89 1,418.95
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 15% of the 
total paid up capital and free reservesC*15% 1,876.33 2,128.43
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 10% of the 
total paid up capital and free reservesC*10% 1,250.89 1,418.95
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. lower of 
Standalone and Consolidated amounts1,250.89
Notes:
1. The amount of paid-up equity capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2026 have 
been extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 which 
was approved by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting held on May 14, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company. 
The Board of Directors have approved a proposal for the Company to buyback its 
own fully paid-up Equity Shares of a face value of Rs. 10/- each for an amount not 
exceeding Rs. 900 crores excluding any transaction costs for a price not exceeding 
Rs. 1,530 per Equity Share from the shareholders of the Company.
2. Free reserves includes Securities premium reserve as given in Explanation II to 
Section 68 of the Act.
3. As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation 
of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern for a period of one year immediately following the date 
of passing of the Board Meeting resolution dated August 27, 2026.
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited
G. Shivakumar
Chennai, August 27, 2026 Executive Director & CFO
Unquote
14. PRIOR APPROVAL FROM THE LENDERS
 As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I(xii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, it 
is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenants as per the agreements with 
the lenders and the consent of the lenders has been obtained by the Company for 
undertaking the Buyback.
 PART B – DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE IV OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS
1. DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR BUYBACK
 The Buyback has been approved by the Board in the Board Meeting held on August 
27, 2026. Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 
31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, approval from the 
shareholders of the Company is not required.
2. MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES PROPOSED TO 
BE BOUGHT BACK, SOURCES OF FUNDS AND COST OF FINANCING THE 
BUYBACK
2.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty Eight 
Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares. If the 
Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the 
actual number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the indicative Maximum 
Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback Size) but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. However, the Maximum Buyback 
Shares will not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the 
Board Meeting and Public Announcement.
2.2 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back will depend upon the actual price, 
excluding the Transaction Costs, paid for the Equity Shares bought back, and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size.
2.3 Further, in accordance with SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall utilize at 
least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size for the Buyback i.e., INR 675,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) and based on the 
Minimum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company will 
purchase an indicative minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum 
Buyback Size, i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty 
Crores only) shall be utilized within the initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period.
2.4 The Buyback will be funded out of the internal accruals of the Company including 
free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act, and on such terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit. Borrowed funds from banks and financial institutions will not be used 
for the Buyback. In terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the face value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account, and 
the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial 
statements.
3. PROPOSED TIMETABLE FOR BUYBACK
Activity Date
Date of Board resolution 
approving BuybackAugust 27, 2026
Date of publication of the 
Public AnnouncementAugust 31, 2026
Date of opening of the 
BuybackOn or before September 4, 2026
Acceptance of Equity 
Shares accepted in 
dematerialized modeUpon the relevant pay-out by the Stock Exchanges
Extinguishment of Equity 
SharesThe Equity Shares (in dematerialised form) will be 
extinguished in the manner specified in the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the 
bye-laws, circulars and guidelines framed thereunder 
and Regulation 21 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Company shall ensure that all Equity Shares 
bought back are extinguished within 7 (seven) Working 
Days of the expiry of the Buyback period
Last Date for the 
completion of the 
BuybackEarlier of:
(a)  December 11, 2026 (that is 66 working days from 
the date of the opening of the Buyback); or
(b)  when the Company completes the Buyback by 
deploying the amount equivalent to the Maximum 
Buyback Size; or
(c)  at such earlier date as may be determined by the 
Board, after giving notice of such earlier closure, 
subject to the Company having deployed an 
amount equivalent to the Minimum Buyback 
Size (even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not 
been reached or the Maximum Buyback Shares 
have not been bought back in accordance with 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations), however, that 
all payment obligations relating to the Buyback 
shall be completed before the last date for the 
Buyback.
4. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY TO BE ADOPTED FOR THE BUYBACK
4.1 The Buyback is open to all shareholders of the Company holding Equity Shares 
in dematerialized form “ Demat Shares ”. Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form can participate in the Buyback after such Equity Shares are dematerialized by 
approaching depository participant. However, as per Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the Buyback shall not be made from the promoter, members 
of the promoter group, and persons in control of the Company.
4.2 Further, as required under the Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company will not purchase Equity Shares which are partly paid-up, the Equity Shares 
with call-in-arrears, locked-in Equity Shares or non-transferable Equity Shares, in the 
Buyback, until they become fully paid-up, or until the pendency of such lock-in, or 
until the time such Equity Shares become freely transferable, as applicable.
4.3 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEBI Buyback Regulations and price-
time priority-based order matching principle, as provided under Stock Exchange 
circulars, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back 
of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 (effective from 
August 1, 2026) and in accordance with the SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-
32/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, Operational Guidance – Amendment to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018.
4.4 For the implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Kotak Securities 
Limited as the registered broker (“Company’s Broker”) through whom the purchases 
and settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company .
 The contact details of the Company’s Broker are as follows:
 
 Kotak Securities Limited
 27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
 Contact Person:  Tabrez Anwar
 Phone: 1800 209 9191
 Email: support@kotakneo.com
 SEBI Registration: INZ000200137
4.5 The Equity Shares are traded in dematerialized mode under the scrip code 500620 
at BSE and under the symbol code GESHIP at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares 
of the Company is INE017A01032.
4.6 The Company, shall, in accordance with the applicable laws, commencing on or 
before September 4, 2026 (i.e. the date of opening of the Buyback), place “buy” 
orders on the Stock Exchanges on the normal trading segment under BO series 
to Buyback the Equity Shares through the Company’s Broker, in such quantity and 
at such price, which will be in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 
(effective from August 1, 2026), SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 
dated March 08,2023, Operational Guidance – Amendment to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the Stock 
Exchange circulars, not exceeding the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share, as it 
may deem fit.
4.7 Procedure for Buyback of Demat Shares : Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares who desire to sell their Equity Shares in the Buyback, would have to do 
so through their stock broker, who is a registered member of either of the Stock 
Exchanges by indicating to their broker the details of the Equity Shares they intend 
to sell whenever the Company has placed a “buy” order for Buyback of the Equity 
Shares. The Company shall place a “buy” order for Buyback of Demat Shares, by 
indicating to the Company’s Broker, the number of Equity Shares it intends to buy 
along with a price for the same. The trade would be executed at the price at which 
the order matches the price offered by the beneficial owners and that price would be 
the Buyback price for that beneficial owner. The execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the Company’s Broker in accordance with the requirements of the 
Stock Exchanges and SEBI. Orders for Equity Shares can be placed on the trading 
days of the Stock Exchanges. The Company is under no obligation to place “buy” 
order on a daily basis.
4.8 It may be noted that a uniform price would not be paid to all the shareholders/ 
beneficial owners pursuant to the Buyback and that the same would depend on 
the price at which the trade with that particular shareholder/ beneficial owner was 
executed on the Stock Exchanges.
4.9 Procedure for Buyback of Physical Shares : As per the proviso to Regulation 
40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, transfers of securities shall 
not be processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialized form with a 
depository. In light of this, the Company shall not accept the Equity Shares offered 
under the Buyback unless such Equity Shares are in dematerialized form.
 ACCORDINGLY, ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY HOLDING 
EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AND DESIROUS OF OFFERING 
THEIR EQUITY SHARES IN THE BUYBACK ARE ADVISED TO APPROACH 
THE CONCERNED DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANT TO HAVE THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES DEMATERIALIZED. IN CASE ANY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER HAS 
SUBMITTED EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM FOR DEMATERIALIZATION, 
SUCH SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE PROCESS OF 
DEMATERIALIZATION IS COMPLETED WELL IN TIME SO THAT THEY CAN 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK BEFORE BUYBACK CLOSING DATE.
4.10 Shareholders are requested to get in touch with the Manager to the Buyback or the 
Company’s Broker or the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company to 
clarify any doubts in the process.
4.11 Subject to the Company purchasing Equity Shares for an amount equivalent to the 
Minimum Buyback Size, nothing contained herein shall create any obligation on the 
part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any additional Equity Shares or confer 
any right on the part of any shareholder to have any Equity Shares bought back, 
even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not been reached, and/or impair any power 
of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
to the extent permissible by law. The Company is under no obligation to utilize the 
entire amount of Maximum Buyback Size. However, if the Company is not able to 
complete the Buyback equivalent to the Minimum Buyback Size, or is not able to 
utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback within the initial 
half of the Maximum Buyback Period, except for the reasons mentioned in the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the amount held in the escrow account (up to a maximum of 
2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited 
in the Investor Protection and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI, in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
4.12 The Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by it to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. The Company shall also upload the information regarding the Equity 
Shares bought back by it on its website ( www.greatship.com ) on a daily basis.
4.13 Eligible sellers who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
respective tax advisors before participating in the Buyback.
5. METHOD OF SETTLEMENT
5.1 Settlement of Demat Shares : The Company will pay consideration for the Buyback 
to the Company’s Broker on or before every pay-in date for each settlement, as 
applicable to the respective Stock Exchanges where the transaction is executed. 
The Company has opened a depository account ‘The Great Eastern Shipping 
Company Limited - Buyback-2026-27’ with Ventura Securities Limited (“ Company 
Demat Account ”) for the purpose of Buyback. Demat shares bought back by the 
Company will be transferred into the Company Demat Account by the Company’s 
Broker, on receipt of such Demat Shares and after completion of the clearing and 
settlement obligations of the Stock Exchanges. Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares would be required to transfer the number of such Demat Shares sold to the 
Company pursuant to the Buyback, in favour of their stock broker through whom 
the trade was executed, by offering the delivery instruction slip to their respective 
depository participant (“DP”) for debiting their beneficiary account maintained 
with the DP and crediting the same to the broker’s pool account as per procedure 
applicable to normal secondary market transactions. The beneficial owners would 
also be required to provide to the Company’s Broker copies of all statutory consents 
and approvals required to be obtained by them for the transfer of their Equity Shares 
to the Company as referred to in paragraph 14.2 of Part B.
5.2 Extinguishment of Demat Shares : The Demat Shares bought back by the Company 
shall be extinguished and destroyed in the manner specified in the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended and the bye-laws, the circulars, and guidelines framed thereunder, each as 
amended from time to time, in the manner specified in the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and the Companies Act. The Equity Shares lying in credit in the Company Demat 
Account will be extinguished within 15 (fifteen) days of the succeeding month of the 
month in which Equity Shares are accepted provided that the Company undertakes 
to ensure that all Demat Shares bought back by the Company are extinguished 
within 7 (seven) Working Days from the expiry of the Buyback period.
5.3 Consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company shall be paid only 
by way of cash.
6. BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited was incorporated on August 
3, 1948, under the Indian Companies Act, 1913. The CIN of the Company is 
L35110MH1948PLC006472. The Company’s registered office is at Ocean House, 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400018.
 The Company is a private sector shipping service provider with presence in the 
international maritime industry. The shipping business operates under two main 
businesses: dry bulk carriers and tankers. This involves services of transportation of 
crude oil, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commodities.
 The Company’s current fleet  stands at 40 vessels, comprising 25 tankers (5 crude 
tankers, 16 product tankers, 4 LPG carriers) and 15 dry bulk carriers (2 Capesize, 10 
Kamsarmax, 1 Ultramax, 2 Supramax) aggregating 3.24 mn dwt.
 Greatship (India) Limited ( GIL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is 
engaged in providing offshore oilfield services with the principal activity of offshore 
logistics and drilling services. GIL, alongwith its subsidiaries, currently owns and 
operates nineteen vessels and four jack up drilling rigs. The fleet of nineteen vessels 
comprises of 8 Platform Supply Vessels (PSVs) (including 4 R-Class Supply Vessels), 
9 Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessels (AHTSVs) and 2 Multi-purpose Platform 
Supply and Support Vessels (MPSSVs).
7. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY
7.1. The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 
standalone financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and 
audited standalone financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below: Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss - Standalone
        (INR crore)
Particulars For the three 
months 
period ended 
June 30, 2026For the twelve months period ended
March 31, 
2026March 31, 
2025March 31, 
2024
Revenue from 
operations1,554 3,659 3,830 4,165
Other income 265 761 884 559
Total income 1,819 4,420 4,713 4,724
Total expenses 
excluding interest, 
depreciation, 
amortization & tax439 1,295 1,687 1,674
Interest 19 105 168 198
Depreciation and 
amortization166 594 527 455
Impairment on certain 
assets- - 69 -
Profit before tax 1,195 2,426 2,262 2,397
Provision for tax (incl. 
deferred tax)38 70 96 80
Profit after tax 1,157 2,356 2,166 2,316
Other comprehensive 
income / (loss), net 
of tax(2) (8) (19) 2
Total comprehensive 
income1,155 2,348 2,148 2,319
 Excerpts from the Balance Sheet and Key Financial Ratios - Standalone
(INR crore, except per share data)
Particulars As at and for the period ended
June 30, 
2026March 31, 
2026March 31, 
2025March 31, 
2024
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143
Reserves and Surplus 14,775 13,787 11,850 10,204
Net Worth/ Shareholders 
Equity (1)14,917 13,930 11,993 10,346
Total Debt (2)799 1,049 1,499 2,227
Key Financial Ratios
Earnings per Share ( `) 
(Basic) (3)81.05 165.06 151.73 162.25
Book value per Share ( `) (4)1,044.87 975.69 840.02 724.70
Debt-Equity Ratio (5)0.05 0.08 0.12 0.22
Return on Net Worth (%) (6)20.95 16.92 18.06 22.39
 Notes:
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus.
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings.
3) Earnings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity Shares for 
the period.
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the period.
5) Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period.
6) Return on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three months 
ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 months ending 
June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, 2026.
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the unaudited 
limited review financial statements for three months ended June 30, 2026. Figures 
for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 have been taken from 
audited standalone financial statements of the Company under Ind AS for the year 
ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year ended March 31, 2024 have been taken 
from audited standalone financial statements of the Company under Ind AS for the 
year ended on March 31, 2024.
7.2. The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and 
audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below:
 Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss – Consolidated
          (INR crore)
Particulars For the three 
months 
period ended 
June 30, 2026For the twelve months period 
ended
March 31, 
2026March 31, 
2025March 31, 
2024
Revenue from operations 2,005 5,409 5,323 5,255
Other income 281 903 834 664
Total income 2,286 6,312 6,157 5,919
Total expenses excluding 
interest, depreciation, 
amortization & tax668 2,261 2,584 2,247
Interest 20 136 236 265
Depreciation and 
amortization234 889 813 726
Impairment on certain 
assets- - 61 (13)
Profit before tax 1,365 3,026 2,462 2,694
Provision for tax (incl. 
deferred tax)56 83 117 80
Profit after tax 1,309 2,943 2,344 2,614
Other comprehensive 
income / (loss), net of tax(5) 172 19 0
Total comprehensive 
income1,303 3,114 2,363 2,615
 Excerpts from the Balance Sheet and Key Financial Ratios - Consolidated
 (INR crore, except per share data)
Particulars As at and for the period ended
June 30, 
2026March 31, 
2026March 31, 
2025March 31, 
2024
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143
Reserves and Surplus 17,956 16,820 14,116 12,255
Net Worth/ Shareholders 
Equity (1)18,099 16,962 14,259 12,397
Total Debt (2)799 1,049 2,155 3,031
Key Financial Ratios
Earnings per Share ( `) 
(Basic) (3)91.68 206.11 164.20 183.11
Book value per Share ( `) (4)1,267.72 1,188.12 998.77 868.37
Debt-Equity Ratio (5)0.04 0.06 0.15 0.24
Return on Net Worth (%) (6)20.70 17.35 16.44 21.09
Notes:
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus.
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings.
3) Earnings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity 
Shares for the period.
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the 
period
5) Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period.
6) Return on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three 
months ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 
months ending June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, 
2026.
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the 
unaudited limited review financial statements for three months ended June 
30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 
have been taken from audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year 
ended March 31, 2024 have been taken from audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 
2024.
8. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN
8.1 In accordance with Regulation 20 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and towards 
security for performance of its obligations under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company has entered into an escrow agreement dated August 27, 2026 (“ Escrow 
Agreement ”) with the Manager to the Buyback (as defined hereinafter)  and Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited who has been appointed as escrow banker (“ Escrow 
Bank ”) pursuant to which the Company has opened an escrow account in the name 
and style “GESCO – Buyback 2026 Escrow Account” (“ Escrow Account ”). The 
Company has authorized the Manager to the Buyback to operate the Escrow Account 
in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Escrow Agreement. The 
Company will deposit in the Escrow Account an amount in cash aggregating to INR 
225,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty Five Crores only), being 
25% of the Maximum Buyback Size in the Escrow Account (“ Escrow Amount ”) in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations.
8.2 The funds in the Escrow Account may be released for making payment to the 
shareholders subject to at least 2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size remaining in 
the Escrow Account at all points in time.
8.3 The balance lying to the credit of the Escrow Account will be released to the Company 
in compliance with SEBI Buyback Regulations.
8.4 If the Company is unable to complete Buyback equivalent to Minimum Buyback 
Size, or is not able to utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the 
Buyback i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores 
only) within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening 
of the Buyback, except for reasons mentioned in the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the amount held in the Escrow Account (up to a maximum of 2.5% of the Maximum 
Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited in the Investor Protection 
and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI in accordance with the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations.
9. FIRM FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
9.1 The Company, duly authorized by its Board, has identified and earmarked funds for 
the purpose of fulfillment of its obligation under the Buyback. Such earmarked funds 
are in excess of the Maximum Buyback Size.
9.2 Based on the resolution of the Board dated August 27, 2026 in this regard, and other 
facts/documents, Kashyap Vaidya & Company (Proprietor- Membership Number 
032032), Chartered Accountants, have certified, vide their letter dated August 27, 
2026, that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the 
obligations under the Buyback.
9.3 The Manager to the Buyback, having regard to the above, confirms that firm 
arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place.
10. LISTING DETAILS AND STOCK MARKET DATA
10.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges.
10.2 The high, low and average prices for the preceding three years and the monthly 
high, low and average prices for the six months preceding the date of this Public 
Announcement and the corresponding volumes on BSE and the NSE, are as follows:
 BSE
Twelve 
months 
period 
endedHigh (^) 
(INR)Date of 
HighNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded 
on that 
dateLow#
(INR)Date of 
lowNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded 
on that 
dateAverage 
price@ 
(INR)Total 
volume 
traded in 
the period
31-Mar-
241,051.50 05-Mar-
2452,794 623.70 05-Apr-
235,133 824.10 57,95,816
31-Mar-
251,542.80 11-Jul-
247,96,308 797.25 04-
Mar-2528,859 1,114.12 1,62,59,193
31-Mar-
261,509.15 13-Mar-
2694,017 817.20 07-Apr-
256,877 1,065.19 82,79,177
Last 
six 
monthsHigh (^) 
(INR)Date of 
HighNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded 
on that 
dateLow# 
(INR)Date of 
lowNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded 
on that 
dateAverage 
price@ 
INRTotal 
volume 
traded in 
the period
Feb-26 1,374.45 25-Feb-
2633,947 1,126.10 01-
Feb-2623,795 1,295.77 6,17,017
Mar-26 1,509.15 13-Mar-
2694,017 1,290.00 04-
Mar-2661,805 1,405.44 10,04,811
Apr-26 1,590.00 29-Apr-
263,85,339 1,322.55 13-Apr-
2616,200 1,432.22 8,87,446
May-26 1,798.00 19-May-
266,35,588 1,410.00 29-
May-261,40,969 1,582.67 42,26,847
Jun-26 1,538.80 03-Jun-
2630,574 1,350.95 11-Jun-
2639,087 1,449.49 8,39,157
Jul-26 1,508.30 01-Jul-
2664,323 1,333.00 17-Jul-
2632,635 1,400.06 8,17,609
 Source: BSE
 ^ High is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period
 # Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period
 @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period
 NSE
Twelve 
months 
period 
endedHigh (^) 
(INR)Date of 
HighNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that dateLow#
(INR)Date of 
lowNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that dateAverage 
price@ 
INRTotal volume 
traded in the 
period
31-Mar-
241,052.00 05-Mar-
249,15,491 623.65 05-Apr-
232,98,276 824.23 10,13,64,012
31-Mar-
251,543.70 11-Jul-
241,80,69,056 797.50 04-Mar-
256,53,156 1,114.45 21,08,32,645
31-Mar-
261,509.00 13-Mar-
2612,02,406 802.25 07-Apr-
253,15,363 1,065.32 12,46,04,199
Last six 
monthsHigh (^) 
(INR)Date of 
HighNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that dateLow# 
(INR)Date of 
lowNo. of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
that dateAverage 
price@ 
INRTotal volume 
traded in the 
period
Feb-26 1,375.00 25-Feb-
265,59,062 1,125.00 01-Feb-
263,34,493 1,296.02 94,08,128
Mar-26 1,509.00 13-Mar-
2612,02,406 1,290.10 04-Mar-
266,03,009 1,405.55 1,39,17,013
Apr-26 1,590.80 29-Apr-
2625,00,676 1,320.00 13-Apr-
264,69,571 1,432.47 1,23,59,445
May-26 1,798.00 19-May-
2673,26,701 1,410.00 29-
May-2624,47,379 1,583.13 5,15,61,058
Jun-26 1,536.00 29-Jun-
2611,34,721 1,352.10 11-Jun-
268,40,778 1,449.78 1,52,18,012
Jul-26 1,509.20 01-Jul-
264,97,982 1,332.50 17-Jul-
264,44,699 1,400.20 92,62,237
 Source: NSE
 ^ High is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period
 # Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period
 @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period
10.3 The stock prices on the Stock Exchanges on relevant dates are:
Date Description BSE NSE
High
(INR)Low
(INR)Closing
(INR)High
(INR)Low
(INR)Closing
(INR)
August 
21, 
2026Day prior 
to notice 
of Board 
Meeting to 
consider 
proposal 
of Buyback 
was given 
to Stock 
Exchanges1,329.00 1,290.25 1,311.15 1,329.80 1,291.50 1,311.30
August 
24, 
2026Date on 
which notice 
of the Board 
Meeting to 
consider 
proposal 
of Buyback 
was given 
to Stock 
Exchanges1,345.90 1,314.00 1,329.00 1,346.00 1,318.00 1,333.00
August 
27, 
2026Board 
Meeting day1,342.00 1,313.00 1,316.35 1,341.80 1,311.50 1,317.20
August 
28, 
2026First trading 
day post 
Board 
Meeting day1,362.15 1,321.55 1,338.95 1,363.00 1,321.20 1,339.60
11. PRESENT CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
11.1 The capital structure of the Company, as on the date of this Public Announcement 
and the proposed capital structure of the Company post completion of the Buyback 
is set forth below:
 (Amounts in INR)
Particulars of share capital Pre-Buyback Post-Buyback*
Authorised:
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 
INR 10/- each3,00,00,00,000 3,00,00,00,000
20,00,00,000 Preference Shares 
of INR 10/- each2,00,00,00,000 2,00,00,00,000
Issued:
14,31,53,522 Equity Shares of 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up1,43,15,35,220 1,37,27,11,700
Subscribed and fully paid up:
14,27,67,161 Equity Shares of 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up1,42,76,71,610 1,36,88,48,090
 * Assuming the Company buys back the Maximum Buyback Shares. The capital 
structure post completion of the Buyback may differ depending on the actual number 
of Equity Shares bought back under the Buyback.
11.2 The shareholding pattern of the Company as on August 21, 2026 (“ Pre-Buyback ”) 
and the post Buyback shareholding pattern, is as follows:
Category of shareholder Pre Buyback Post Buyback*
Number 
of Equity 
Shares% to the 
existing 
equity 
share 
capitalNumber 
of Equity 
Shares% to the 
existing 
equity 
share 
capital
Promoter and Promoter 
Group along with the 
persons acting in the 
concert, (collectively “the 
promoter”)4,29,36,248 30.07 4,29,36,248 31.37
Foreign Investors (including 
FPIs, FIIs, Non-Resident 
Indians, Foreign Banks, 
Overseas Corporate 
Bodies)4,25,91,979 29.83
9,39,48,561 68.63 Mutual Funds, Financial 
Institutions/ Banks, 
AIFs, NBFCs, Insurance 
Companies1,78,31,858 12.49
Others (Individuals, Bodies 
Corporate, Trusts etc.)3,94,07,076 27.60
Total 14,27,67,161 100.00 13,68,84,809 100.00
 * Assuming that as a part of the Buyback, Maximum Buyback Shares are bought 
back. The shareholding, post completion of the Buyback, may differ depending upon 
the actual number of Equity Shares bought back in the Buyback.
11.3 As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no Equity Shares which are 
partly paid-up, or with calls in arrears.
11.4 As on the date of this Public Announcement there are no outstanding instruments, 
including Employee Stock Options under the employee stock option plan, convertible 
into Equity Shares.
12. DETAILS OF PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP, PERSONS 
IN CONTROL AND DIRECTORS OF PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP 
SHAREHOLDING AND OTHER DETAILS
12.1 For the details of aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, persons in control of the Company, directors of the promoters and members 
of the promoter group (where the promoter or the member of the promoter group is 
a company), directors and key managerial personnel as on the date of this Public 
Announcement, please refer to paragraph 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of Part A above.
12.2 For details of Equity Shares sold or purchased by the persons mentioned in 
paragraph 12.1 above during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date 
of this Public Announcement and 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board 
Meeting, please refer to paragraph 8.4 of Part A above.
13. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY
13.1 The Buyback is generally expected to improve return on equity and improve earnings 
per share by reduction in the equity base, thereby leading to increase in members’ 
value over the long term. The amount required by the Company for the Buyback 
(including the cost of financing the Buyback and the Transaction Costs) will be 
invested out of cash and bank balances/deposits and/or short-term investments and/
or internal accruals of the Company.13.2 The Buyback is not expected to impact growth opportunities for the Company in any 
material way.
13.3 Pursuant to Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters are 
not entitled to participate under the Buyback.
13.4 The Buyback of Equity Shares will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect 
the existing management structure of the Company.
13.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought 
back from the shareholders excluding the Promoters, the shareholding pattern of the 
Company would undergo a change, however public shareholding shall not fall below 
25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company .
13.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 
4(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and 
unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the paid-up 
equity share capital and free reserves post the Buyback, based on the standalone or 
consolidated financial statements of the Company, whichever is lower.
13.7 Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Buyback will be completed within 
a maximum period of 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening of 
the Buyback. The Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after this Public 
Announcement has been made.
13.8 In accordance with Regulation 24 (i)(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 (one) year from the expiry 
of the Buyback period, except in discharge of its subsisting obligations and in 
accordance with Regulation 24(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities including by way 
of bonus till the expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares.
13.9 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company from its shareholders (other than from its promoters and promoter 
group), the shareholding pattern of the Company would undergo a change; however 
public shareholding shall not fall below 25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share 
capital of the Company.
13.10  The Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value 
of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption 
reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent 
audited balance sheet.
13.11  The aggregate shareholding of the promoters as on date of this Public Announcement 
is 30.07% of the total Equity Share capital of the Company. While the promoters 
and promoter group are not eligible to participate in the Buyback, depending on the 
number of Equity Shares bought back by the Company, their effective shareholding 
percentage in the Company, will increase marginally.
13.12  Such an increase in the percentage holding/voting rights of the promoters and 
promoter group is not an active acquisition and is incidental to the Buyback and falls 
within the limits prescribed under the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.
14. STATUTORY AND OTHER APPROVALS
14.1 Pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and the provisions of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and Article 65 of Articles of Association of the Company, the Board at its 
meeting held on August 27, 2026 approved the proposal for the Buyback.
14.2 Buyback from each shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
shareholders shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
and/ or Appropriate Authorities, if any) as may be required by them in order to sell 
their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. Shareholders would 
be required to provide copies of such consents and approvals obtained by them to 
the Company’s Broker.
14.3 The Buyback from erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable 
categories shall be subject to such approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, as amended from time to time.
14.4 To the best knowledge of the Company, as on the date hereof, there is no other 
statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback, other than 
that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable 
subsequently, the Buyback offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approval(s) and subject to the obligations of the eligible shareholders to obtain the 
consents and approvals necessary for transfer of their Equity Shares to the Company 
as set out under paragraph 14.2 above, the Company shall obtain such statutory or 
regulatory approvals, as may be required from time to time, if any, for completion of 
the Company’s obligations in relation to the Buyback.
15. COLLECTION AND BIDDING CENTRES
 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges using their nationwide trading terminals. Therefore, 
the requirement of having collection centres and bidding centres is not applicable.16. POTENTIAL IMPACT OF SUBSISTING OBLIGATIONS
 As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no outstanding instruments 
convertible into Equity Shares. There is no potential impact of subsisting obligations.
17. COMPLIANCE OFFICER
 Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarification to or address their 
grievances, if any, during office hours, i.e., 10:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on all Working 
Days except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays.
 Mr. Anand Punde
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited
 Ocean House, 134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018
 Tel.: +91 22 66613000
 Email: shares@greatship.com
18. REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE
 In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact KFin Technologies Limited, 
the Registrar to the Buyback, and Issue and Share Transfer Agent of the Company 
and appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, at the 
following address:
 
 KFin Technologies Limited
 Address : Selenium, Tower B, Plot No-31 and 32, 
 Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
 Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India
 Contact Person : Mr. Anil Dalvi
 Tel. No.:  +91 40 6716 2222/ 7961 1000
 Toll Free No.:  18003094001
 Email:  greatship.buyback@kfintech.com
 Website:  www.kfintech.com
 Investor Grievance E-mail : einward.ris@kfintech.com
 SEBI Registration Number:  INR000000221
 Validity Period:  Permanent Registration
 CIN : L72400MH2017PLC444072
19. MERCHANT BANKER TO THE BUYBACK
 The Company has appointed the following as Merchant Banker to the Buyback:
  
 Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited
 Address : 27BKC, 1st Floor, Plot No. C-27, ‘G’ Block, 
 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051
 Contact Person : Mr. Ganesh Rane
 Tel. No.:  +91 22 4336 0758
 Fax No.:  +91 22 6713 2447
 Email:  geship.buyback2026@kotak.com
 Website:  https://investmentbank.kotak.com/
 SEBI Registration Number:  INM000008704
 Validity Period:  Permanent Registration
 CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050
20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
 As per Regulation 24(i)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors 
of the Company accepts responsibility for all the information contained in this 
Public Announcement and for the information contained in all other advertisements, 
circulars, brochures, publicity materials etc. which may be issued in relation to the 
Buyback and confirm that this Public Announcement contains true, factual and 
material information and does not contain any misleading information.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited
Mr. Bharat K. Sheth
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 00022102Mr. Keki Mistry
Independent Director
DIN: 00008886Mr. Anand Punde
Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai
Date :  August 29, 2026
4