 
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
August 31, 2026  
 
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500620  National Stock Exchange of India  Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor,  
Plot No. –  C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: GESHIP  
 
Dear Sir /Ma’am , 
 Subject: Submission of public announcement dated August 29, 2026 (“Public Announcement”) 
for the buyback of fully paid up equity shares of face value of INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten only) 
each (“Equity Shares”) by The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited (“Company”)  from 
the open market route pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI (Buyback of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018 (“Buyback Regulations”), as amended (“Buy back”)  
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated August 27, 2026, informing the outcome of the Board meeting 
held on the same date that approved, inter alia, the Buyback of Equity Shares from the open market 
through stock exchange mechanism.  
 
In this connection, pursuant to Regulation 16(iv) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made 
a public announcement dated August 29, 2026 for the Buyback, which was published on August 31, 
2026, in the newspapers mentioned bel ow: 
 
Name of the newspaper  Language and circulation  Editions  
Business Standard  English  All Editions  
Business Standard  Hindi  All Editions  
Navshakti  Marathi  Mumbai Edition  
 
In this regard, we would like to submit the following documents:  
 
(1) Copy of the Public Announcement  that has been published in the aforesaid newspapers 
(Annexure A );  
(2) A certified true copy of the resolution passed by the Board of Directors, on August 27, 2026, for 
approval of the Buyback ( Annexure B ). 
 
Further, as per the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended, and the Buyback Regulations, the copy of the Public Announcement  would also be available 
on the websites of the Company, i.e.,  (www.greatship.com ), the manager to the Buyback, Kotak 
Mahindra Capital Company Limited  i.e. (https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ ), and the stock exchanges, 
BSE Limited i.e. (www.bseindia.com ) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited i.e. 
(www.nseindia.com )  
 
 
 
 
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Sincerely , 
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company  Limited  
 
 
 
Anand Punde  
Company Secretary  
Email ID:  anand_punde@greatship.com 
Tel: +91 8657538728  
 
Enclosures: As above  
 
 
  
20 MUMBAI | MONDAY, 31 AUGUST 2026 Business Standard       
THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: Ocean House, 134/A, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 « CIN: L35110MH1948PLC006472 
BCH irae eR eee as 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT 
  reatship.com * E-mail: shares@greatship.com » Contact Person: Mr. Anand Punde — Company Secretary and Compliance Officer   
  FOR THE ATTENTION OF HOLDERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE GREAT 
EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED (THE “GOMPANY”) FOR THE BUYBACK 
OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH STOCK EXCHANGES 
UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF 
SECURITIES) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED. 
This public announcement (the “Public Announcement’) is being made in relation to the 
Buyback (as defined hereinafter) of Equity Shares (as defined hereinafter) of the Company 
from the open market through stock exchange mechanism, pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 16(iv)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018 (including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) 
from time to time) (the “SEBI Buyback Regulations”) and contains the disclosures, as 
specified in Schedule IV read with Schedule | of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Certain figures contained in this Public Announcement, including financial information, 
have been subject to rounding-off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two 
decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers 
may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a 
column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that 
column or row. Further, certain numerical information in this Public Announcement has 
been presented in ‘crore’. One crore represents 10 million, i.e. 10,000,000. 
"Working Day” means any working day of the SEBI (as defined hereinafter). 
BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH THE STOCK 
EXCHANGES. 
PART A _- DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE | OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS, 
1. 
41 
1.2 
1.3 
1.4 
1.6 
18 
17 
1.8 
19 
10) 
(ii) 
(iil) DETAILS OF BUYBACK OFFER AND OFFER PRICE 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article 65 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to 
time (the “Companles Act’) (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactments from time to time), the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI LODR Regulatlons’”) 
(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactments from time 
to time), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and 
exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI"), the stock exchanges 
on which the equity shares of the Company are listed (the “Stock Exchanges”), 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA"), Registrar of Companies (the “RoC") and/ 
or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, 
MCA, and RoC, the "Appropriate Authorities”), as may be necessary, and subject 
to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications, If any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Appropriate Authorities, while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which 
term shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers), 
the Board at its meeting held on August 27, 2026 (‘Board Meeting”) approved the 
buyback by the Company of its fully paid-up Equity Shares of the face value of INR 
10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) (“Equity Shares”) of the Company, each from its 
shareholders/ beneficial owners (other than those who are promoters, members of 
the promoter group or persons in control of the Company) from the open market 
through Stock Exchange mechanism i.e., using the electronic trading facilities of 
the Stock Exchanges, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 900,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) (“Maximum Buyback Size”), and at a 
price not exceeding INR 1,530/- {Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and 
Thirty only) per Equity Share (“Maxlmum Buyback Price”), payable in cash (the 
process being referred to as “Buyback”). The Maximum Buyback Size does not 
include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, tumover charges, applicable taxes such 
as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, intermediary 
fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and 
other Incidental and related expenses, etc (collectively referred to as “Transaction 
Costs”). 
The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company's fully paid-up Equity Share Capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company). Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size 
is less than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company based on both audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 
68(2)(b) of the Companies Act and provisc to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, approval from the shareholders of the Company is not required under 
the applicable laws. 
At the Maximum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares 
(‘Maximum Buyback Shares’), representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share Capital of 
the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board Meeting and 
Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the 
Maximum Buyback Price, the number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed 
the Maximum Buyback Shares {assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback 
Size) but will always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
The Company shall utilize at least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size i.e., INR 
675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) 
(‘Minimum Buyback Size") towards the Buyback and based on the Minimum 
Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company would purchase a 
minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and 
Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum Buyback Size, i.e., 
INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) shall be 
utilized within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer. 
In accordance with Regulation 17(iij) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Buyback offer shall open within 4 (four) Working Days from the date of this Public 
Announcement and close within 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer (‘Maximum Buyback Period”). The Board shall 
determine, at its discretion, the time frame for completion of tha Buyback and may 
close the Buyback which shall not be later than the Maximum Buyback Period after 
the Minimum Buyback Size has been reached and irrespective of whether the 
Maximum Buyback Size has or has not been reached, after giving appropriate notice 
for such closure and on completing all formalities in this regard, in accordance with 
the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Buyback will be implemented by the Company from its free reserves, the 
securities premium account or such other sources as may be permitted by law 
and in accordance with Section 68(1) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ix) 
of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and in accordance with Regulation 4(iv)(b)(ii) 
and proviso to Regulation 5(I)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, by way of open 
market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism 
except ‘all or none’ order matching system as provided under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. 
The Buyback is subject to such sanctions and approvals as may be required under 
applicable laws and regulations. The Buyback from shareholders/ beneficial owners, 
who are persons resident outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors/ 
foreign institutional investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and non-resident 
Indians, if any, shall be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required, 
including approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and the 
same shall be procured by such shareholders, If applicable. 
Acopy of this Public Announcement will be made available on the Company's website 
i and is expected to be available on the website of SEBI (www. 
sebi.gov.in), website of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (www. 
nseindia.com), website of BSE Limited (“BSE”) (www.bseindia.com) and website of 
the Manager to the Buyback (https://investmentbank.kotak.com/) during the period 
of the Buyback. 
In addition to publication of this Public Announcement and its availability on the 
websites of the Company, SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, the Company shall 
disseminate information regarding the Buyback to all shareholders of the Company 
holding Equity Shares on the date of making this Public Anncuncement, through 
electronic means, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Buy-Back of 
Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 (effective from August 1, 2026), which 
re-introduced the open market buyback route through the Stock Exchanges. 
NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK 
In continuation of the Company's efforts to effectively utilize its resources, it is 
Proposed to undertake the Buyback of its own Equity Shares. The Buyback is being 
undertaken, inter alia, for the following reasons: 
The Buyback would result in reduction in outstanding number of Equity Shares and 
consequently increase earnings per share and book value per share, based on the 
assumption that the Company would eam similar profits as in the past over a period 
of time; 
The Buyback would help to effectively utilize available cash; 
The Buyback may help to improve retum on equity, by reduction in the equity base, 
thereby leading to long-term increase in shareholders’ value. At the same time, it will 
not materially impact the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities; and (iv) 
3.1 
3.2 
41 
42 
43 
44 
5.1 
5.2 
5.3 
@ 
(i) 
(ii) 
5.4 
TA 
7.2 
7.3 
8.1 The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the 
Company {except the promoters, promoter group and the person in control of the 
Company), whe can choose fo participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be 
accepted under the Buyback offer or they may choose not to participate and enjoy 
a resultant increase in returns on their shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without 
any additional investment. 
MAXIMUM AMOUNT REQUIRED UNDER THE BUYBACKAND ITS PERCENTAGE 
OF THE TOTAL PAID-UP CAPITAL AND FREE RESERVES 
The maximum amount of funds required for the Buyback will not exceed INR 
900,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only), excluding Transaction 
Costs. 
The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company's fully paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company), and the same is within the prescribed limit 
of 10% of the aggregate total pald-up Equity Share capltal and free reserves of the 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, under the Board approval route as per Section 
68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES THAT THE COMPANY PROPOSES 
TO BUY- BACK 
At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares, 
representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) of the total number of Equity Shares 
in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 
as on the date of the Board Meeting and Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares 
are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the actual number 
of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Maximum Buyback Shares but will 
always be subject fo the Maximum Buyback Size. 
In terms of Regulation 15(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall 
utilize at least 75% of the amount earmarked as the Maximum Buyback Size for the 
Buyback, i.e. INR 675,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five 
Crores only). Based on the Minimum Buyback Size and Maximum Buyback Price, 
the Company would purchase a minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four} Equity Shares. 
In terms of Regulation 15(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback i.e., INR 
360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) within the 
initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. 
The actual number of Equity Shares bought back during the Buyback pericd will 
depend upon the actual price paid for the Equity Shares bought back and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size 
and shall not exceed the 25% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. 
MAXIMUM PRICE FOR BUYBACK OF THE EQUITY SHARES AND BASIS FOR 
ARRIVING AT THE MAXIMUM BUYBACK PRICE 
The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price not 
exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) 
per Equity Share i.e., the Maximum Buyback Price. 
The Maximum Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors 
including, but not limited to, the trends in the volume weighted average market prices 
of the Stock Exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed, possible impact of the 
Buyback on the price earnings ratio, impact on net worth, earings and book value 
per Equity Share and other financial parameters. 
The Maximum Buyback Price per Equity Share represents: 
a premium of 9.81% and 10.17% over the volume weighted average market price of 
the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during one month preceding the 
date of intimation, i.e., August 24, 2026 (“intimation Date”) to the Stock Exchanges 
of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback. 
a premium of 17.38% and 17.42% over the volume weighted average market price 
of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the two weeks preceding 
the Intimation Date. 
a premium of 15.12% and 14.78% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on 
BSE and NSE, respectively, as on the Intimation Date. 
Shareholders are advised that the Buyback of the Equity Shares will be carried 
out through the Stock Exchanges by the Company, in its sole discretion, based on, 
amongst other things, the prevalling market prices of the Equity Shares, which may 
be below the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Five Hundred and Thirty only} per Equity Share. 
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION 4 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
In terms of the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the offer for Buyback 
under board approval cannot be made for 10% or more of the total paid-up equity 
capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the standalone or consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever sets out a lower amount. As per the 
latest audited balance sheet of the Company as of March 31, 2026, the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital and free reserves are as follows: 
  (INR crore) 
Consolidated 
142.77 
14,046.74 
14,189.51   
Standalone 
142.77 
12,366.08 
12,508.85 Particulars 
Total paid-up equity capital (A) 
Total free reserves (B) 
Total paid-up Equity Share capital and free 
reserves (A+B) 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback 
under the Regulation 4(iv) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, i.e., lower of 15% of the total paid- 
up Equity Share capital and free reserves of 
standalone and consolidated financial statements. 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback with 
the approval of Board under Section 68(2}(b) of 
the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i) 
{b) of the SEB! Buyback Regulations (10% of the 
aggregate total pald-up capttal and free reserves, 
based on the standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever 
sets out a lower amount) 
Based on the above, the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 2026. 
METHOD TO BE ADOPTED FOR BUYBACK AS REFERRED TO IN REGULATION 
4(iv)(b) AND REGULATION 16 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEB| Buyback Regulations. 
In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the SEB] LODR Regulations, except in case of 
transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities 
shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a 
depository. Accordingly, the Buyback Is open to beneficlal owners holding Equity 
Shares in dematerialized form. The promoters, promoter group and the persons in 
control of the Company shall not participate in the Buyback. Further, as required 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company will not buyback Equity Shares 
which are locked-in or non-transferable or held in physical form, until the pendency 
of such lock-in or until the time such Equity Shares become transferable or until the 
time such Equity Shares are converted into dematerialized form (‘Demat Shares"), 
as applicable. 
In relation to the Buyback of Demat Shares, the execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the broker, appointed by the Company, in accordance with the 
requirements of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI. 
THE AGGREGATE SHAREHOLDING OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF 
THE PROMOTER GROUP, THE DIRECTORS OF THE PROMOTER/PROMOTER 
GROUP WHERE PROMOTER/PROMOTER GROUP |S A COMPANY, DIRECTORS 
AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
Details of the aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, directors of the promoters and members of the promoter group (where the 
promoter or the member of the promoter group is a company), persons in control 
of the Company, directors and key managerial personnel of the Company as on the 
date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Public Announcement, is below. 
The aggregate shareholding of the promoters/ promoter group including persons in 
control of the Company:       
    
1,876.33 
  
1,250.89 
        
        
  Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equlty Shares | (on a fully diluted basls) 
Promoters & Promoter Group 
1 | RavikK. Sheth 1,66,63,095" 11.67% 
2_ | Bharat K. Sheth 1,61,19,490* 11.29%             8.2 
@ 
(i) 
8.3 
8.4 
@ 
(i) 
9.1 
9.2 
9.3   
                                  Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
Promoters & Promoter Group 
3. | Laadki Trading and 61,54,981 4.31% 
Investments Limited 
4 | Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74% 
5 _| Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41% 
6 | Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37% 
7 _| Rosaleen Mulji 4,32,000 0.30% 
8 _| Gopa Investments Co. Pvt. Ltd. 4,24,000 0.30% 
9 |K.M. Sheth 2,78,133 0.19% 
10 | Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
11 | Jyoti Bharat Sheth 1,37,796 0.10% 
12_ | Nisha Viraj Mehta 1,12,037 0.08% 
13 | Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
14 | Nirja Bharat Sheth 1,05,317 0.07% 
15 | Arjun Ravi Sheth 50,040 0.04% 
16 | Gopali Mulji - - 
Total 4,29,36,248 30.07% 
‘including shares held as trustee 
The aggregate shareholding of the directors of companies which are a part of the 
promoter and promoter group of the Company: 
Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.6., Laadki Trading and Investments 
Limited) in the Company:             Sr. Name of the Director Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
1 | Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
2__| Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
3__| Ankit Mamniya : 0.00% 
4 _| Rajesh Bhatt - 0.00% 
Total 2,92,329 0.21%   
Shareholding of directors of the promoter group {i.e., Gopa Investments Co. Pvt Ltd) 
in the Company:                     Sr. Name of the Director Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
1_| Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74% 
2 | Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41% 
3__| Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37% 
4 | Pankaj Pandey 1,50,000 0.11% 
5 | Vijay Udani 21,000 0.01% 
6 _| Gopali Mulji - 0.00% 
Total 23,385,030 1.64%   
The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company:           
  
      
        
    
                Sr. Name Designation Number % of Pald-up 
No. of Equity Equity Share 
Shares Capital 
1 |K.M. Sheth Chairman Emeritus 2,786,133 0.19% 
Directors 
2 | Bharat K. Sheth | Chairman and 1,61,19,490* 11.29% 
Managing Director 
3 | Ravi K. Sheth Non-Executive - Non 1,66,63,095" 11.67% 
Independent Director 
4 | Amitabh Kumar | Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
5 |Bhavna Doshi | Non-Executive - 1,192@ 0.00% 
Independent Director 
6 | Kalpana Non-Executive - - - 
Morparia Independent Director 
7 | Keki Mistry Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
8 | Raju Shukla Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
9 | Ranjit Pandit Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
10 | Shivshankar Non-Executive - - - 
Menon Independent Director 
11+ | T.N. Ninan Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
12 | Uday Shankar | Non-Executive - 11,384 0.01% 
Independent Director 
13 |G. Shivakumar | Executive Director and 57 0.00% 
Chief Financial Officer 
Key Managerial Personnel 
14 [Anand Punde [Company Secretary _| 5] 0.00%   
* including shares held as trustee 
® held jointly with husband as a second holder 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and members of the promoter 
group, persons in control, directors of companies which are a part of the promoter and 
promoter group of the Company during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the 
date of this Public Announcement (and during a period of 6 (six) months preceding 
the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buyback {i.e., August 27, 2026): 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and promoter group and 
Persons who are in control of the Company: Nil 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the directors of companies which are a part 
of the promoter and promoter group of the Company:   
  
  Shareholder | Aggregate | Nature of | Maximum | Dateof | Minimum| Date of 
No.of | Transaction | Price (INR) | Maximum | Price Minimum 
Equity Price (INR) Price 
Shares 
Purchased 
1 (Sold) 
Pankaj 5,000) Off-market Nil dune 18, Nil June 18, 
Pandey transfer 2026 2026 
Uday 10,000] — Market 990.00 | September} 983.00 | September 
Shankar Purchase 9, 2025 9, 2025                   
INTENTION OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP 
AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO OFFER THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES IN THE BUYBACK 
In terms of Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, since the Buyback is 
being implemented by way of open market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, 
the Buyback shall not be extended to the promoters, promoter group and persons in 
control of the Company. 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
neither the promoters nor the promoter group nor his/ their associates shall deal 
in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through 
the Stock Exchanges or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity 
Shares amongst them) during the period from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
closing of the Buyback. 
In addition to the above, as per Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Equity Shares held by the promoters and promoter group including their 
associates, for which Buyback |s undertaken, shall remain frozen at the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) level during the period from the date of the 
Board Meeting till the closing of the Buyback. The transfer of Equity Shares pursuant 
to invocation of encumbrances created prior to the commencement of Buyback, 
may be allowed subject to the freeze on such Equity Shares continuing to apply 
pursuant to invocation of encumbrances, and also subject to the conditions as may 
be specified by SEBI. The operationalization of this ISIN-level freeze mechanism 
is governed by the SEBI circular dated July 21, 2026, on Operationalization of 
Freezing Holdings of Promoter and Promoter Group (including their associates) at 
the ISIN level under Regulation 24(|)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and the 
operational guidelines issued by the depositories pursuant thereto. The Company 
has provided necessary instructions to the depositories to give effect to such freezing 
of Equity Shares.    
Business Standard sumeai | MONDAY, 31 AUGUST 2026 21       
  10. SUBSISTING DEFAULTS 
The Company confirms that there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of 
deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or interest payment 
thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any 
shareholder, cr repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any 
financial institution or banking company. 
11. CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY 
The Board has confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects 
of the Company and has formed the opinion that: 
(i) immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board of Directors is 
convened on August 27, 2026, approving the Buyback ("Board Meeting Date”), 
there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its 
debts; 
(ji) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the 
Board Meeting Date, having regard to the Board's intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company's business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources which will, in the Board's view, be available to 
the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and 
when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from 
the Board Meeting Date; and 
(ii) in forming the aforesaid opinion, the Board has taken into account the liabilities 
(including prospective and contingent liabilities) as ifthe Company were being wound 
up under the provisions of the Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended. 
12. CONFIRMATION FROM THE COMPANY AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS AND THE COMPANIES ACT 
(i) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid-up; 
(ji) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities including by way 
of bonus from the date of the Board approving the Buyback till the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion 
of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares 
or debentures into Equity Shares; 
(iii) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further 
capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the 
Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the 
Buyback period; 
(iv) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, shall 
not make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including 
allotment of new shares or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months 
after the completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or equity 
shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into Equity Shares; 
(¥) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from 
any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or 
through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation 
of the Buyback; 
(vi) the aggregate maximum amount of the Buyback i.e. INR 900,00,00,000/- {Indian 
Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the 
total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 
March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback Le. 
58,82,352 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) 
Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares In the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board 
Meeting and Public Announcement, 
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Companies Act (“Scheme”) Involving the Company, and no public 
announcement of the Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme; 
(tx) the consideration for the Buyback shall be pald by the Company only In cash; 
(x) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior 
consent of its lenders in case it results in a breach of any covenant with such lenders; 
(xi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources cf funds 
for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback 
and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and 
physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines; 
(xiii} the Buyback shall be completed within a period of 1 (one) year from the date of 
passing of the Board resolution and within such period as may be prescribed in the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
(xiv) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of 
the offer of the Buyback is made; 
(xv) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of 
the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws; 
(xvi) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares; 
(xvii) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, if any or through any 
investment company or group of investment companies; 
(xvili)jthe Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act; 
(xix) there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of deposits, interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption 
of preference shares or payment of dividand due to any shareholder, or repayment 
of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institution or banking 
company; 
the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked-in or non-transferable, 
until the pendency of such lock-in, or until the time the Equity Shares become 
transferable, as applicable; 
(xxi) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company 
shall not be more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves, after 
the Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial stataments of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
(xxii) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ 
or such sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve 
account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements; 
(Qoxlll) Buyback shail not result In delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges; 
(xxiv) Buyback would be subject te the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified In Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR Regulations; 
(xxv) the Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company to the Stock Exchanges on a dally basis In accordance with the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and in such form as may be prescribed by SEBI so as to 
enable the Stock Exchanges to upload the same on thelr website Immediately; 
(oni) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters and 
members of promoter group of the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares 
or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges 
or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the 
promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the Board approving 
the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer; and 
(xvi) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period 
of one year immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting. 
13. REPORT BY THE COMPANY'S STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The text of the report dated August 27, 2026, received from Deloitte Haskins & Sells 
LLP, the statutory auditor of the Company addressed to the Board of the Company is 
reproduced below: 
Quote 
Ref: MP/2026-27/24 
To, 
The Board of Directors, 
The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Ocean House 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road 
Worll, Mumbal - 400018 
Re: Statutory Auditor’s Report In respect of proposed buyback of Equity 
Shares by The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited (“the Company”) In 
terms of Clause (xl) of Schedule | of the Securttles and Exchange Board of 
Indla (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the Buyback 
Regulations”) 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terns of our engagement letter with 
reference no. MP/EL/2026-27/03 dated August 20, 2026. 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved a proposal for buyback of 
Equity Shares by the Company at its meeting held on August 27, 2026, in pursuance 
of the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended 
(the “Act”) and the Buyback Regulations. 
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on 
the accompanying “Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) 
  (vil) 
(xii) 
(x) 
  based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the year ended March 31, 2026" (‘Annexure A) (hereinafter referred to as 
the "Statement’). This Statement has been prepared by the Management, which we 
have stamped and Initlaled for the purposes of Identification only. 
Management's Responsibility 
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2) 
(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 4{iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) 
of the Buyback Regulations and compliance with the Buyback Regulations, is the 
responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the computation of the 
amount of the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all 
accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility 
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of intemal controls relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis 
of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. 
5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the 
Company has applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 
1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the 
Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from 
August 27, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full Inquiry Into 
the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in 
clause (x} of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be randered insolvent within 
@ period of one year from that date of board meeting. The Board of Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with all the requirements of the 
Act and Buyback Regulations. 
Auditor’s Responsibility 
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to 
provide a reasonable assurance that: 
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026 which were approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their meeting held on May 14, 2026; 
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated in Annexure A, has been 
properly determined considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company, 
in accordance with proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 
4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable; 
and 
iii, the Board of Directors of the Company, in its Meeting held on August 27, 2026 
has formed the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback 
Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company will not, having regard to its 
state of affairs, be rendered insolvent {as defined in Management's Responsibility 
above) within a period of one year from the aforesaid date with regard to which the 
proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting. 
7. Our responsibility did not include the evaluation of adherence by the Company with 
the other applicable provisions/regulations of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, 
in connection with the proposed Buyback. 
8. Nothing contained In this Report, nor anything sald or done In the course of, or 
in connection with the services that are subject to this report, will extend any duty 
of care that we may have in our capacity of the statutory auditors of any financial 
statements of the Company. 
9. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
referred to in paragraph 6 above, were audited by us, on which we had issued an 
unmodified audit opinion in our reports each dated May 14, 2026. We conducted 
our audit of the said annual standalone and consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the 
Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned and performed in 
connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest 
to third parties. 
10. We conducted our examination of the Statement In accordance with the Guldance 
Note on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note") and 
Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
in so far as applicable for the purpose of this report. The Guidance Note requires that 
we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. 
11. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quallty Control (SQC) 1, Quallty Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements. Further our examination did not extend to any other parts and aspects 
of a legal or proprietary nature in the aforesaid Buyback. 
12. We have no responsibility to update this Report for events and circumstances 
occurring after the date of this Report. 
Opinion 
13. Based on Inquirles conducted and our examination as above, we report that: 
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company in their meeting held on May 14, 2026. 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment (including premium) towards the 
proposed buy back of Equity Shares as computed in the Statement attached 
herewith, as Annexure A, In our view, has been properly determined In accordance 
with proviso to Section 68(2)(b} of the Act the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) and the 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable. 
The Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on August 27, 2026 has 
formed opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulations, 
on reasonable grounds that the Company having regard to its state cf affairs, will not 
be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management's Responsibility above) within a 
period of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated August 27, 
2026. 
Restriction on use 
14. This Report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the 
Company (i) in connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the 
Company as mentioned in paragraph 2 above, (ii) to enable the Board of Directors of 
the Company to include in the public announcement, and other documents pertaining 
to the proposed buyback to be filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities 
and Exchange Board of Indla, stock exchanges and any other regulatory authority as 
per applicable law and {b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National 
Securities Depository Limited, and {iii) for sharing with the Merchant Bankers in 
connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the Company for onward 
submission to relevant authorities in pursuance of the provisions of Section 68 and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be 
suitable for any other purpose. This report should not be used for any other purpose 
without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any 
llabllty or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this 
report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. 
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
{Firm's Registration No. 117366W/ W-100018) 
Mehul Parekh 
Partner 
(Membership No. 121513) 
UDIN: 261215130XVXSX1420 
  Mumbai, August 27, 2026 
Annexure A — Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) 
based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of Equity 
Shares of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited In compliance with proviso 
to Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with proviso to 
Regulation 4{Iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(I)(b) of the Securitles and Exchange 
Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the 
Buyback Regulations”), based on annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026.               
    
        (Rs. in crores) 
Particulars Standalone | Consolidated 
Paid up equity capital as at March 31, 2026| (A) 142.77 142.77 
Free reserves as at March 31, 2026: 
Retained earnings 8,471.03 9,933.41 
Securities premium reserve - 74.76 
General reserve 4,399.70 4,625.67 
Unrealised gain on fair valuation of assets (504.65) (587.10) 
and liabilities as at March 31, 2026 
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08 14,046.74 
Total pald up Equity capital and free | C=(A+B) 12,508.85 14,189.51 
reserves         
Standalone 
1,250.89 Consolidated 
1,418.95 Particulars 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act, i.e. 10% of the total paid up capital 
and free reserves. 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 4{iv) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 15% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 5(i}(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 10% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2){b) of the 
Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. lower of 
Standalone and Consolidated amounts 
Notes: 
1. | The amount of paid-up equity capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2026 have 
been extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 which 
was approved by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting held on May 14, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company. 
The Board of Directors have approved a proposal for the Company to buyback its 
own fully pald-up Equity Shares of a face value of Rs. 10/- each for an amount not 
exceeding Rs. 900 crores excluding any transaction costs for a prica not exceeding 
Rs. 1,530 per Equity Share from the shareholders of the Company. 
2. Free reserves includes Securities premium reserve as given in Explanation II to 
Section 68 of the Act. 
3. As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation 
of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company's ability to 
continue as a going concem for a period of one year immediately following the date 
of passing of the Board Meeting resolution dated August 27, 2026. 
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
G. Shivakumar 
Executive Director & CFO   
c*10%   
C*15% 1,876.33 2,128.43   
c*10% 1,250.89 1,418.95 
    
1,250.89 
          
Chennal, August 27, 2026 
Unquote 
14. PRIOR APPROVAL FROM THE LENDERS 
As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I(xii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, it 
is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenants as per the agreements with 
the lenders and the consent of the lenders has been obtained by the Company for 
undertaking the Buyback. 
PART B— DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE lV OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
1. DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR BUYBACK 
The Buyback has been approved by the Board in the Board Meeting held on August 
27, 2026. Further, sinca the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 
31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 68(2){b) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEB! Buyback Regulations, approval from the 
shareholders of the Company is not required. 
2. MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES PROPOSED TO 
BE BOUGHT BACK, SOURCES OF FUNDS AND COST OF FINANCING THE 
BUYBACK 
2.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the Indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty Eight 
Lakhs Elghty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares. If the 
Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the 
actual number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Indicative Maximum 
Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback Size) but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. However, the Maximum Buyback 
Shares will not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the 
Board Meeting and Public Announcement. 
2.2 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back will depend upon the actual price, 
excluding the Transaction Costs, paid for the Equity Shares bought back, and the 
aggregate consideration pald In the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
2.3 Further, in accordance with SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall utilize at 
least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size for the Buyback I.e., INR 675,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) and based on the 
Minimum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company will 
purchase an indicative minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum 
Buyback Size, i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty 
Crores only) shall be utilized within the Initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. 
2.4 The Buyback will be funded out of the internal accruals of the Company including 
free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act, and on such terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit. Borrowed funds from banks and financlal Institutions will not be used 
for the Buyback. In terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from Its free reserves a sum equal to the face value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback fo the capital redemption reserve account, and 
the detalls of such transfer shall be disclosed In Its subsequent audited financial 
      statements. 
3. PROPOSED TIMETABLE FOR BUYBACK 
Activity Date 
Date of Board resolution | August 27, 2026 
approving Buyback 
Date of publication of the | August 31, 2026 
Public Announcement     Date of opening of the On or before September 4, 2026 
Buyback 
Acceptance of Equity Upon the relevant pay-out by the Stock Exchanges 
Shares accepted in 
dematerialized mode 
Extinguishment of Equity 
Shares   
The Equity Shares (in dematerialised form) will be 
extinguished in the manner specified in the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Depositcries and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the 
bye-laws, circulars and guidelines framed thereunder 
and Regulation 21 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Company shall ensure that all Equity Shares 
bought back are extinguished within 7 (seven) Working 
Days of the expiry of the Buyback period 
Earlier of: 
(a) December 11, 2026 (that Is 66 working days from 
the date of the opening of the Buyback); or 
(b) when the Company completes the Buyback by 
deploying the amount equivalent to the Maximum 
Buyback Size; or 
(c) atsuch earlier date as may be determined by the 
Board, after giving notice of such earlier closure, 
subject to the Company having deployed an 
amount equivalent to the Minimum Buyback 
Size (even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not 
been reached or the Maximum Buyback Shares 
have not been bought back in accordance with 
the SEB] Buyback Regulations), however, that 
all payment obligations relating to the Buyback 
shall be completed before the last date for the 
Buyback. 
4. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY TO BE ADOPTED FOR THE BUYBACK 
4.1 The Buyback is open to all shareholders of the Company holding Equity Shares 
in dematerialized form “Demat Shares”. Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form can participate in the Buyback after such Equity Shares are dematerialized by 
approaching depository participant. However, as per Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the Buyback shall not be made from the promoter, members 
of the promoter group, and persons in control of the Company. 
4.2 Further, as required under the Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company will not purchase Equity Shares which are partly paid-up, the Equity Shares 
with call-in-arrears, locked-in Equity Shares or non-transferable Equity Shares, in the 
Buyback, until they become fully paid-up, or until the pendency of such lock-in, or 
until the time such Equity Shares become freely transferable, as applicable. 
4.3 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEBI Buyback Regulations and price- 
time priority-based order matching principle, as provided under Stock Exchange 
circulars, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back 
of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 (effective from 
August 1, 2026) and in accordance with the SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-   
Last Date for the 
completion of the 
Buyback 
        
   
22 MUMBAI | MONDAY, 31 AUGUST 2026 Business Standard       
  44 
45 
46 
47 
48 
49 2/PICIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
For the implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Kotak Securities 
Limited as the registered broker (“Company's Broker’) through whom the purchases 
and settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company. 
The contact details of the Company's Broker are as follows: 
e kotak neo 
Kotak Securities Limited 
27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra {E), Mumbal — 400 051 
Contact Person: Tabrez Anwar 
Phone: 1800 209 9191 
Emall: support@kotakneo.com 
SEBI Reglstratlon: INZ000200137 
The Equity Shares are traded in dematerialized mode under the scrip code 500620 
at BSE and under the symbol code GESHIP at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares 
of the Company is INEO17A01032. 
The Company, shall, in accordance with the applicable laws, commencing on or 
before September 4, 2026 {i.e. the date of opening of the Buyback), place “buy” 
orders on the Stock Exchanges on the normal trading segment under BO series 
to Buyback the Equity Shares through the Company's Broker, in such quantity and 
at such price, which will be in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 
(effective from August 1, 2026), SEBI Circular SEB/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 
dated March 08,2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the Stock 
Exchange circulars, not exceeding the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share, as it 
may deem fit. 
Procedure for Buyback of Demat Shares: Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares who desire to sell their Equity Shares in the Buyback, would have to do 
so through their stock broker, who is a registered member of either of the Stock 
Exchanges by indicating to their broker the details of the Equity Shares they intend 
to sell whenever the Company has placed a “buy” order for Buyback of the Equity 
Shares. The Company shall place a “buy” order for Buyback of Demat Shares, by 
indicating to the Company's Broker, the number of Equity Shares it intends to buy 
along with a price for the same. The trade would be executed at the price at which 
the order matches the price offered by the beneficial owners and that price would be 
the Buyback price for that beneficial owner. The execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the Company's Broker in accordance with the requirements of the 
Stock Exchanges and SEBI. Orders for Equity Shares can be placed on the trading 
days of the Stock Exchanges. The Company Is under no obligation to place "buy” 
order on a daily basis. 
It may be noted that a uniform price would not be paid to all the shareholders’ 
beneficial owners pursuant to the Buyback and that the same would depend on 
the price at which the trade with that particular shareholder/ beneficial owner was 
executed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Procedure for Buyback of Physical Shares: As per the proviso to Regulation 
40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, transfers of securities shall 
not be processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialized form with a 
depository. In light of this, the Company shall not accept the Equity Shares offered 
under the Buyback unless such Equity Shares are in dematerialized form. 
ACCORDINGLY, ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY HOLDING 
EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AND DESIROUS OF OFFERING 
THEIR EQUITY SHARES IN THE BUYBACK ARE ADVISED TO APPROACH 
THE CONCERNED DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANT TO HAVE THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES DEMATERIALIZED. IN CASE ANY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER HAS 
SUBMITTED EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM FOR DEMATERIALIZATION, 
SUCH SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE PROCESS OF 
DEMATERIALIZATION IS COMPLETED WELL IN TIME SO THAT THEY CAN 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK BEFORE BUYBACK CLOSING DATE. 
4.10 Shareholders are requested to get in touch with the Manager to the Buyback or the 
4.11 Company's Broker or the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company to 
clarify any doubts in the process. 
Subject to the Company purchasing Equity Shares for an amount equivalent to the 
Minimum Buyback Size, nothing contained herein shall create any obligation on the 
part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any additional Equity Shares or confer 
any right on the part of any shareholder to have any Equity Shares bought back, 
even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not been reached, and/or impair any power 
of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
to the extent permissible by law. The Company is under no obligation to utilize the 
entire amount of Maximum Buyback Size. However, if the Company is not able to 
complete the Buyback equivalent to the Minimum Buyback Size, or is not able to 
utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback within the initial 
half of the Maximum Buyback Period, except for the reasons mentioned in the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the amount held in the escrow account (up to a maximum of 
2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited 
in the Investor Protection and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI, in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
4.12 The Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by it to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. The Company shall also upload the information regarding the Equity 
Shares bought back by it on its website (www.greatship.com) on a daily basis. 
4.13 Eligible sellers who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
5.2 
5.3 respective tax advisors before participating in the Buyback. 
METHOD OF SETTLEMENT 
Settlement of Demat Shares: The Company will pay consideration for the Buyback 
to the Company's Broker on or before every pay-in date for each settlement, as 
applicable to the respective Stock Exchanges where the transaction is executed. 
The Company has opened a depository account ‘The Great Eastern Shipping 
Company Limited - Buyback-2026-27' with Ventura Securities Limited (“Company 
Demat Account’) for the purpose of Buyback. Demat shares bought back by the 
Company will be transferred into the Company Demat Account by the Company's 
Broker, on recelpt of such Demat Shares and after completion of the clearing and 
settlement obligations of the Stock Exchanges. Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares would be required to transfer the number of such Demat Shares sold to the 
Company pursuant to the Buyback, in favour of their stock broker through whom 
the trade was executed, by offering the delivery instruction slip to their respective 
depository participant (‘DP") for debiting their beneficiary account maintained 
with the DP and crediting the same to the broker's pool account as per procedure 
applicable to normal secondary market transactions. The beneficial owners would 
alse be required to provide to the Company's Broker coples of all statutory consents 
and approvals required to be obtained by them for the transfer of their Equity Shares 
to the Company as referred to in paragraph 14.2 of Part B. 
Extingulshment of Demat Shares: The Demat Shares bought back by tha Company 
shall be extinguished and destroyed in the manner specified in the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended and the bye-laws, the circulars, and guidelines framed thereunder, each as 
amended from time to time, in the manner specified in the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and the Companies Act. The Equity Shares lying in credit in the Company Demat 
Account will be extinguished within 15 (fifteen) days of tha succeeding month of the 
month in which Equity Shares are accepted provided that the Company undertakes 
to ensure that all Demat Shares bought back by the Company are extinguished 
within 7 (seven) Working Days from the expiry of the Buyback period. 
Consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company shall be paid only 
by way of cash. 
BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited was incorporated on August 
3, 1948, under the Indian Companies Act, 1913. The CIN of the Company is 
L35110MH1948PLC006472. The Company's registered office is at Ocean House, 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400018. 
The Company is a private sector shipping service provider with presence in the 
international maritime industry. The shipping business operates under two main 
businesses: dry bulk carriers and tankers. This involves services of transportation of 
crude ail, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commadities. 
The Company's current fleet stands at 40 vessels, comprising 25 tankers (5 crude 
tankers, 16 product tankers, 4 LPG carriers) and 15 dry bulk carriers {2 Capesize, 10 
Kamsarmax, 1 Ultramax, 2 Supramax) aggregating 3.24 mn dwt. 
Greatship (India) Limited (GIL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is 
engaged in providing offshore oilfield services with the principal activity of offshore 
logistics and drilling services. GIL, alongwith its subsidiaries, currently owns and 
operates nineteen vessels and four Jack up drilling rigs. The fleet of nineteen vessels 
comprises of 8 Platform Supply Vessels (PSVs) (including 4 R-Class Supply Vessels), 
9 Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessels (AHTSVs) and 2 Multi-purpose Platform 
Supply and Support Vessels (MPSSVs). 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
. The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 
standalone financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and 
audited standalone financlal statements for the financial years ended March 31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below: 7.2. Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss - Standalone             
    
      
      
                                   
              
    
        Mahindra Bank Limited who has been appointed as escrow banker ("Escrow 
Bank’) pursuant to which the Company has opened an escrow account in the name 
  
    
  
    
            
                      
  
  
    
      
      
          
    
    
  
      
  
      
            
                                    
  
    
  
  
  ‘INR crore) 
é ) and style “GESCO - Buyback 2026 Escrow Account” ("Escrow Account’). The 
Particulars For the three | For the twelve months period ended Company has authorized the Manager to the Buyback to operate the Escrow Account 
months March 31, | March 31, | March 31, in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Escrow Agreement. The 
perlod ended 2026 2025 2024 Company will deposit in the Escrow Account an amount in cash aggregating to INR 
June 30, 2026 225,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty Five Crores only), being 
Revenue from 1,554 3,659 3,830 4,165 25% of the Maximum Buyback Size in the Escrow Account ("Escrow Amount’) in 
operations accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Other income 265 761 884 559| { 8.2 The funds in the Escrow Account may be released for making payment to the 
Total Income 1,819 4,420 4,713 4,724 shareholders subject to at least 2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size remaining in 
Total expenses 439 1,285 1,687 1,674 the Escrow Account at all points In time. 
excluding interest, 8.3 The balance lying to the credit of the Escrow Account will be released to the Company 
depreciation, in compliance with SEB! Buyback Regulations. 
amortization & tax 8.4 If the Company is unable to complete Buyback equivalent to Minimum Buyback 
Interest 19 105 168 198 Size, or is not able to utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the 
iat Buyback i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores ti 1 27 4 Depreciation and 86 594 5 55 only) within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening 
= - of the Buyback, except for reasons mentioned In the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
Impairment on cartain - - 69 - the amount held in the Escrow Account (up to a maximum of 2.5% of the Maximum 
assets Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited in the Investor Protection 
Profit before tax 1,195 2,426 2,262 2,397 and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI in accordance with the SEBI 
Provision for tax (incl. 38 70 96 80 Buyback Regulations. 
deferred tax) 9. FIRM FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
Profit after tax 1,157 2,356 2,166 2,316| } 9.1 The Company, duly authorized by its Board, has identified and earmarked funds for 
Other comprehensive (2) (8) (19) 2 the purpose of fulfillment of its obligation under the Buyback. Such earmarked funds 
Income / (Icss), net are in excess of the Maximum Buyback Size. 
of tax 9.2 Based on the resolution of the Board dated August 27, 2026 in this regard, and other 
Total comprehensive 41,155 2,348 2,148 2,319 facts/documents, Kashyap Vaidya & Company (Proprietor- Membership Number 
income 032032), Chartered Accountants, have certified, vide their letter dated August 27, 
2026, that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the 
nea alone obligations under the Buyback. 
INR crore, except per share data) { 93 The Manager to the Buyback, having regard to the above, confirms that firm 
Particulars As at and for the period ended arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are In place. 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, 10. LISTING DETAILS AND STOCK MARKET DATA 
- - 2026 2026 2025 2024 10.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143] | 40.2 The high, low and average prices for the preceding three years and the monthly 
Reserves and Surplus 14,775 13,787 11,850 10,204 high, low and average prices for the six months preceding the date of this Public 
Net Worth/ Shareholders 14,917 13,930 11,993 10,346 Announcement and the corresponding volumes on BSE and the NSE, are as follows: 
Equity © BSE 
® 
Total Debt 798 1,049 1,499 2,227 Twelve | High (*)| Date of | No. of | Low? [Date of] No. of | Average | Total 
Key Financial Ratlos months| (INR) | High | Equity | (INR) | low | Equity | price® | volume 
Eamings per Share ®) 81.05 165.06 151.73 162.25 pertod Shares Shares | (INR) traded In 
{Basic) ®) ended traded traded the period 
Book value per Share @) 4,044.87 975.69 840.02 724.70 on thet on that 
7 8) Debi-Equlty Ratlo 0.05 0.08 0.12 0.22 31-Mar-| 1,051.50 | O5-Mar- | 52,704 | 623.70 |O5-Apr-| 5,133 | 624.10 | 57,05,616 Retum on Net Worth (%) © 20.95 18.92 18.06 22.39 24 24 3 
Notes: 31-Mar- | 1,542.80 11-Jub |7,96,308) 797.25 | O4- | 28,859 | 1,114.12 | 1,62,59,193 
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus. 26 24 Mar-25 
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings. 31-Mar- | 1,508.15 | 13-Mar-| 84.017 | 817.20 [O7-Apr-| 6.877 | 1,065.19 | 82,79,177 
3) Eamings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity Shares for 26 26 25 
the period. Last | High(*)| Date of] No.of | Low’ |Dateof| No.of | Average | Total 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the period. sk (INR) | High | Equity | (INR} | low | Equity | price® | volume 
5) _ Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period. months Shares Shares INR heveviod 
6) Return on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three months on that on that 
ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 months ending date date 
June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth ae on June 30, 2026. Feb-26 | 1,374.45 | 25-Fab-| 33,947 | 1,126.10] o1- | 23,795 | 1,208.7 | 617,017 
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the unaudited 26 Feb-26 
limited review financial statements for three months ended June 30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 have been taken from Mar-26 | 1,509.15. ‘Mer 94,017 | 1,290.00 Mens 61,805 | 1,405.44 | 10,04,811 
audited standalone financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the year ar 
ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year ended March 31, 2024 have been taken Apr-26 | 1,590.00 | 29-Apr- )3,85,339 | 1,322.55 | 13-Apr-| 16,200 | 1,432.22 | 8,87,446 
from audited standalone financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the 26 26 
year ended on March 31, 2024. May-26 | 1,798.00 | 19-May- | 6,35,588| 1,410.00] 29- | 140,969) 1,582.67 | 42,26,847 
The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 26 May-26 
consolidated financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and dun-26 | 1,538.80 | 03-Jun- | 30,574 | 1,360.95 | 11-Jun-| 39,087 | 1,449.49 | 8,39,157 
audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 26 26 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below: Jul-26 | 1,508.30) O1-Jul- | 64,323 | 1,333.00 | 17-Jul- | 32,635 | 1,400.06 | 8,17,609 
7 26 26 Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss — Consolidated 
(INR crore) Source: BSE ; ; , a 
4 High is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Particulars For the roe For the twelve months perlod # Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equily Share of the Company during the seid period 
months endo’ @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period 
perlod ended | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, s 
June 30,2026 | “292g || 2025 || 2024 NSE 
5, Twelve | High (4) | Date of | No. of Low | Dateof| No.of | Average] Total volume Revenue from operations 2,005 5,409 5,323 5,255 months | (INR) | High Equity nr) | tow | Equity | pricee | traded in the 
Other income 281 903 834 664 perfod Shares Shares INR perlod 
Total Income 2,286 6,312 6,157 5,919 ended ‘traded on traded on 
Total expenses excluding 668 2,261 2,584 2,247 that date that date 
interest, depreciation, 31-Mar- | 1,052.00 | 05-Mar-| 9,15,491 | 623.65 | 05-Apr-| 2,98,276 | 824.23 | 10,13,64,012 
amortization & tax 24 24 23 
Interest 20 136 236 265 31-Mar- | 1,543.70] 11-Jul- | 1,80,69,056 | 787.50 |04-Mar-| 6,53,156 | 1,114.45) 21,08,32,645 
Depreciation and 234 889 813 726 2 a 25 
amortization ‘34-Mar- | 1,509.00 | 19-Mar- | 12,02,406 | 802.25 | 07-Apr-| 3,15,363 | 1,065.22| 12,46,04,199 
Impairment on certain - - 61 (13) 26 6 2 
assets 
Profit before tax 1,365 3,026 2,462 2,694 Last ste "on “ Date oF te. of Low Date of] No. of Average Total volume 
Pravision for tax (inal. 56 83 117 80 monte) (NR) | igh) Eawly | NR) | tow | Eaully | Pree nine 
deferred tax) Peni traded on traded on 
Profit after tax 1,309 2,943 2,344 2,614 that date that date 
Other comprehensive (5) 172 19 0 Feb-26 | 1,375.00 | 25-Feb-| 5,59,062 | 1,125.00 }01-Feb-| 3,34,493 | 1,296.02) 94,08,128 
Income / (loss), net of tax 28 2B 
Total comprehensive 1,303 3,114 2,363 2,615 Mar-26 | 1,509.00 | 13-Mar- | 12,02,406 | 1,290.10 | 04-Mar-| 6,03,009 | 1,405.55] 1,39,17,013 
income 28 26 
4 Apr-26 | 1,590.80 | 29-Apr- | 25,00,676 | 1,320.00 | 13-Apr-| 4,869,571 | 1,432.47] 1,23,50,445 
26 28 
(INR crore, except per share data) May-26 | 1,798.00 |19-May-| 73,26,701 | 1,410.00| 29- | 24,47,379| 1,583.13| 5,15,61,058 
Particulars As at and for the period ended 26 May-26 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, dun-26 | 1,536.00 | 29-Jun-| 11,34,721 | 1,352.10 | 14-Jun- | 8,40,778 | 1,449.78) 1,52,18,012 
2028 2026 2025 2024 26 28 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143 Sul-26 | 1,509.20] O1-Jul- | 4,97,982 | 1,332.50) 17-Jul- | 4,44,699 | 1,400.20) 92,62,237 
Reserves and Surplus 17,956| _16620[ _14,116| 12,255 —— 26 2 
jource: NSE Sul Shareholders 18,099 16,962 14,259 12,397 A High is the hi price re d for the Equity Share of the C 1y during the seid 
# Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Total Debt ® 799 1,049 2,185 3,031 @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period 
Key Financial Ratios 10.3 The stock prices on the Stock Exchanges on relevant dates are: eae per Share (%) 91.68 206.11 164.20 183.11 Date |Description BSE NSE 
High Low | Closing} High Low | Closing o 1,267.72 1,188.12 998.77 868.37 
Book value per Share @) {INR) (INR) {INR} (INR) (INR) (INR) 
Debr Equity Ratio ™ oo 0.08 os 028 ‘August | Day pri 1,329.00 | 1,290.25 | 1,311.15 | 1,329.80 | 1,201.50 | 1,311.30 Retum on Net Worth (%) © 20.70 17.35 16.44 21.09 gust | Day prior | 1928.00 | 1,200.25 | 1,341.15 | 1,828.80 | 1.20150) 1.3113 
Notes: 2026 | of Board 
3) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus. Meeting to 
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings. pose 
3) + Eamings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity of Buyback 
Shares for the period. was given 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the to Stock 
period Exchanges 
§) Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period. August | Date on 1,345.90 | 1,314.00 | 1,329.00 | 1,346.00 | 1,318.00 | 1,333.00 
6) Retum on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three 24, | which notice 
months ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 2026 | of the Board 
months ending June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, Meeting to 2026. consider 
. proposal 
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the of Buyback 
unaudited limited review financial statements for three months ended June was given 
30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 to Stock 
have been teken from audited consolidated financial statemenis of the Exchanges 
Company under ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year 
ended March 31, 2024 have been taken from audited consolidated financial August Board 1,342.00 | 1,313.00 | 1,316.35 | 1,341.80 | 1,311.50 | 1,317.20 
statements of the Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 27, | Meeting day 
2024. 2026 
DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN August | First trading | 1,362.15 | 1,321.55 | 1,338.95 | 1,363.00 | 1,321.20 | 1,339.60 
In accordance with Regulation 20 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and towards as Cay post 
security for performance of its obligations under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the oal 
Company has entered into an escrow agreement dated August 27, 2026 ("Escrow Meeting day 
Agreement”) with the Manager to the Buyback (as defined hereinafter) and Kotak                       
   
23 Business Standard sumeai | MONDAY, 31 AUGUST 2026       
11, PRESENT CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN 13.2 The Buyback is not expected to impact growth opportunities for the Company in any { 16. POTENTIAL IMPACT OF SUBSISTING OBLIGATIONS 
material way. 
    
  11.1 The capital structure of the Company, as on the date of this Public Announcement As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no outstanding instruments 
and the proposed capltal structure of the Company post completion of the Buyback $ 13.3 Pursuant to Regulation 16(Il) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters are convertible Into Equity Shares. There Is no potential Impact of subsisting obligations. 
is set forth below: not entitled to participate under the Buyback. 17. COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
‘Ai infs in INR) " | t t s 
: : (Amounts in INR) § 43.4 The Buyback of Equity Shares will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarification to or address their 
Particulars of share capital Pre-Buyback Post-Buyback* the existing management structure of the Company. grievances, If any, during office hours, l.e., 10:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on all Working 
Authorised: 13.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought Days except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays. 
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 3,00,00,00,000 3,00,00,00,000 back from the shareholders excluding the Promoters, the shareholding pattem of the Mr. Anand Punde 
INR 10/- each Company would undergo a change, however public shareholding shall not fall below . 
25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
20,00,00,000 Preference Shares 2,00,00,00,000 2,00,00,00,000 ‘ 7 5 . The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited 
of INR 10/- each 13.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation oO H 434/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 
Issued: (Il) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and caan rouse, » Ur. Annie Besant Road, vrorll, Mumbal 
Tel; +91 22 66613000 
Emall: shares@ogreatship.com 
REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE 
In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact KFin Technologies Limited, 
the Registrar to the Buyback, and Issue and Share Transfer Agent of the Company 
and appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, at the 
following address: 
bs KFINTECH MPERIENCE TRARSTORMATION ., unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the paid-up 
14,31,53,522 Equity Shares of equity share capital and free reserves post the Buyback, based on the standalone or 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up consolidated financial statements of the Company, whichever Is lower. 
Subscribed and fully paid up: 13.7 Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Buyback will be completed within | 18: 
14,27,67,161 Equity Shares of 1,42,76,71,610 1,36,88,48,090 a maximum period of 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening of 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up the Buyback. The Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after this Public 
* Assuming the Company buys back the Maximum Buyback Shares. The capital Announcement has been made. 
structure post completion of the Buyback may differ depending on the actual number § 43.8 In accordance with Regulation 24 (i)(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
of Equity Shares bought back under the Buyback. Company shall not ralse further capital for a period of 1 (one) year from the expiry 
11.2 The shareholding pattem of the Company as on August 21, 2026 ("Pre-Buyback”) of the Buyback period, except in discharge of its subsisting obligations and in 
and the post Buyback shareholding pattern, is as follows: accordance with Regulation 24(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, tha Company 
shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities including by way 1,43,15,35,220 1,37,27,11,700   
      
      
  
  
  
  
      harehol Pre Bi k Post Bi k* Category of shareholder N = sya th N ost vract th of bonus till the expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting KFin Technologies Limited 
of Ea er iti e ofEa er ist ie obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or Address: Selenium, Tower B, Plot No-31 and 32, 
rau “equity, erat “eautty. conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares. Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
share share 13.9 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India 
capital capital by the Company from its shareholders (other than from its promoters and promoter Contact Person: Mr. Anil Dalv| 
group), the shareholding pattern of the Company would undergo a change; however Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 7861 1000 
ao eenwt te 4,29,36,248 | 30.07} 4,29,36,248) 31.37 public shareholding shall not fall below 25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share Toll Free No.: 18003094001 
persons acting in the capital of the Company. Emall: greatship.ouyback@idintech.com 
concert, (collectively “the 13.10The Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value Website: www.kfintech.com 
promoter") of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption Investor Grievance E-mall: 
Foreign Investors (including | 4,25,91,979 29.83 reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent SEBI Registration Number: INRO00000221 
FPls, Flls, Non-Resident audited balance sheet. Validity Period: Permanent Registration 
Indians, Foreign Banks, 13.11 The aggregate shareholding of the promoters as on date of this Public Announcement CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
Overseas Corporate is 30.07% of the total Equity Share capital of the Company. While the promoters 
Bodies) and promoter group are not eligible to participate in the Buyback, depending on the | 18 MERCHANT BANKER TO THE BUYBACK 
Mutual Funds, Financlal 1,78,31,858 12491 9,39.48,561 68.63 number of Equity Shares bought back by the Company, their effective shareholding The Company has appointed the following as Merchant Banker to the Buyback: 
Institutions! Banks uo ” uw ° percentage in the Company, will increase marginally. ® 
AIFs, NBFCs, Insurance 13.12Such an increase in the percentage holding/voting rights of the promoters and kotak 
Companies promoter group is not an active acquisition and is incidental to the Buyback and falls . 
Others (Individuals, Bodies | Sa407076| 27.60 within the limits prescribed under the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Investment Banking 
corporste, Trusts ete) 14. SHATUTORY aND GICR APPROVALS Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited Total 14,27,67,161 100.00 | 13,68,84,809| 100.00 Address: 27BKC, 1* Floor, Plot No. C-27, ‘G’ Block,           
* Assuming that as a part of the Buyback, Maximum Buyback Shares are bought 
back. The shareholding, post completion of the Buyback, may differ depending upon 
the actual number of Equity Shares bought back in the Buyback. 
11.3 As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no Equity Shares which are 
partly paid-up, or with calls in arrears. 
11.4 As on the date of this Public Announcement there are no outstanding instruments, 
Including Employee Stock Options under the employee stock option plan, convertible 
into Equity Shares. 
12. DETAILS OF PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP, PERSONS 
IN CONTROL AND DIRECTORS OF PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP 
SHAREHOLDING AND OTHER DETAILS 
For the details of aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, persons In control of the Company, directors of the promoters and members 
of the promoter group (where the promoter or the member of the promoter group is 
a company), directors and key managerial personnel as on the date of this Public 
Announcement, please refer to paragraph 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of Part A above. 
12.2 For details of Equity Shares sold or purchased by the persons mentioned in 14.1 Pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and the provisions of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and Article 65 of Articles of Asscciation of the Company, the Board at its 
meeting held on August 27, 2026 approved the proposal for the Buyback. 
14.2 Buyback from each shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
shareholders shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
and/ or Appropriate Authorities, if any) as may be required by them in order to sell 
their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. Shareholders would 
be required to provide copies of such consents and approvals obtained by them to 
the Company's Broker. 
14.3 The Buyback from erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable 
categories shall be subject to such approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, as amended from time to time. 
14.4 To the best knowledge of the Company, as on the date hereof, there is no other 
statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback, other than Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Contact Person: Mr. Ganesh Rane 
Tel. No.: +91 22 4336 0758 
Fax No.: +91 22 6713 2447 
Email: geship.buyback2026@kotak.com 
Website: https://investmentbank.kotak.com/ 
SEBI Registration Number: INM000008704 
Validity Period: Permanent Registration 
CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050 
20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 
As per Regulation 24(i)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors 
of the Company accepts responsibility for all the information contained in this 
Public Announcement and for the information contained in all other advertisements, 
circulars, brochures, publicity materials etc. which may be issued in relation to the 
Buyback and confirm that this Public Announcement contains true, factual and 12. 
  Paragraph 12.1 above during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date 
of this Public Announcement and 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board 
Meeting, please refer to paragraph 8.4 of Part A above. 
13. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable 
subsequently, the Buyback offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approval(s) and subject to the obligations of the eligible shareholders to obtain the 
consents and approvals necessary for transfer of their Equity Shares to the Company 
as set out under paragraph 14.2 above, the Company shall obtain such statutory or 
regulatory approvals, as may be required from time to time, if any, for completion of material Information and does not contain any misleading Information. 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Mr. Bharat K. Sheth Mr. Kekl Mistry Mr. Anand Punde 13.1 The Buyback is generally expected to improve return on equity and improve eamings aa *, - 
per share by reduction in the equity base, thereby leading to increase in members’ the Company's obligations in relation to the Buyback. Chairman & Managing Director Independent Director Company Secretary 
value over the long term. The amount required by the Company for the Buyback } 15. COLLECTION AND BIDDING CENTRES DIN: 60022102 DIN: 00008886 
(including the cost of financing the Buyback and the Transaction Costs) will be The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases Place : Mumbai 
invested out of cash and bank balances/deposits and/or short-term investments and/ 
or Internal accruals of the Company. through the Stock Exchanges using their nationwide trading terminals. Therefore, 
the requirement of having collection centres and bidding centres is not applicable.   Date : August 29, 2026         PUBLIC NOTICE 
PCS SECURITIES LIMITED 
Regd. Offica: 6-3-1090/B/2, Mayank Towers, 5th Floor, 
Ra] Bhavan Road, Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telangana ee ea aa akties Se 
    eT eee 
02338 
Notice is hereby given that PCS Securities Lid is voluntarily 
surrendering its SEBI Portfolio Manager Registration 
{INP000002338), as its PMS business has been transferred to PCS 
Securities & Consultants LLP {INP00000931 1). 
Any client, investor, or person with a claim or objection regarding 
the Company's PMS operations may submit it in writing within 30 
days of this notice, failing which it will be presumed there is no 
objection. 
For PCS Securities Limited 
. Place: Hyderabad 
‘Sd/- Authorized Signatory Date: 31/08/2026   
talbrios TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED 
ov CIN- L29199HR1956PLC0331 07 
Regd. Office: 14/1, Delhi Mathura Road, P.0. Amar Nagar, Faridabad, Haryana -121003 
Tel No.: 0129-4960482, E-mail: seema_narang@talbros.com Website: wwwtalbros.corn 
    
    
PPROVENTUS AGROCOM LIMITED 
{CIN: L74999MH2015PLC269390) 
Regd. Office: Unit 515, 5" Floor, C Wing, 1 MTR Cabin, ‘Aum, wilage Mulgaon, 
MV Road, Andheri (E), Near Acme Plaza, Mumbai - 40006! 
‘Webalte: www.proventusagro.com E-mall: Info@proventusagro.com 
Tel: +91 22 6211 0900, Fax: +91 22 6211 08219 
NOTICE OF 11™ ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF 
PROVENTUS AGROCOM LIMITED 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Eleventh (11°) Annual General Meating (‘AGM’) of the 
Members of PROVENTUS AGROCOM LIMITED (Company’} will be heki on Thursday, 
September 24, 2026 at 12.00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing ('VC'VOther Audio Video 
Means (OAV) to transact the business specified in the Notice convening the AGM. TheAGMis 
being held in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Rules 
made thereunder, the SEBI {Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements} Regulations, 
2015, the General Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Circulars issues 
by Securities and Exchange Board of India (MCA Circulars and SEB! Circulars collectively 
referred toas ‘Circulars’ hereinafter). 
In compliance with the applicable laws and circulars, the AGM of the Company will be conducted 
‘through VC/ OAVM without the physical presence of the Members at a common venue and the 
notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report for FY 2025-28 (Annual Report) will be 
dispatched within the prescribed timelines only by email to all the members whose email Ids are 
registered with the Company/Reglsirar and Share Transfer Agent ("RTA"Y Depositories/ 
Depository participants (‘DP"}. The same will also bs made available on the Company's website 
‘atwaww. proventusagro.com, wabelte of the Stock Exchange |.e. Natlonal Stock Exchange of India 
Limited at www.nssindia.com and on the website of National Securities Depository Limited 
(NSDL"”) at www-evoting.nsdl.com. A letter providing the web-link of the Annual Report for the 
financial year 2025-26 will be sent to those members who have not registered their email id with 
the Company! RTA/ Deposttories/ DP. 
‘The physical copies of the Notice of the AGM and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 
‘will be dispatched to the members who request forthe same. 
Members can attend and participate in the AGM through VC/ OAVM facility only and their 
attendance shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under section 103 of the 
‘Companies Act, 2013. Members can attend the AGM through video conferencing facility provided 
by NSDL by logging on to www.evoting.nsdl.com. The detailed instructions for joining the AGM 
‘are provided in the Notica of the AGM. 
Manner of casting vote through e-voting: The Company is providing the remote e-Voting and 
e-Votlng through 6-votlng system at the AGM to cast thelr votes on all the businesses as set forth 
inthe notice of the AGM. The detailed procedure of casting the votes through remote e-Voting and 
-Votlng through e-voting system Is provided In the notice ofthe AGM. 
Fazility for e-Voting at the AGM will be made available to those Members who are present for the 
AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have nat cast thelr vote on the Resolutions through remote 
Voting. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-Voling prior to the AGM may also 
‘attend/ participate In the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall nothe entitled to cast thelr vote again. Manner of registering! Updating emall addresses: Members holding sharas in dematerialized 
made are requested to register / update their email addresses with the relevant DPs. If Member's 
email id is already registered with the Company/Depository, login details for e-voting is provided 
inthe Notice of the AGM and it will be sent on the registered email address of the Member. 
Members who are holding shares in physical form or whe have not registerad their email address 
with the Company/ Depository or any person who acquires shares of the Company and becomes: 
‘a Member of the Company after the Notice has been sant electronically by the Company, and 
holds shares as on the cutoff date, i.e. Thursday, September 17, 2026, he/she may obiain the 
login Id and password by sending request at evoting@nadi.co.in. However, If a member Is 
already registered with NSDL for e-voting then, the existing User ID and password can be used 
forcasting vote,   
  
    For PROVENTUS AGROCOM LIMITED 
Sdi- 
Durga Prasad Jhawar 
Date: August 31, 2026 Managing Director & CEO 
Place: Mumbai DIN: 02005091   NOTICE OF 69™ ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING & E-VOTING INFORMATION 
NOTICE is hereby given that the 69" Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the members of 
the Company will be held at 12:30 PM. (IST) on Friday, 25" September, 2026 through 
Video Conferencing (VC) Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)}, in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the CompaniesAct, 2013, rules made thereunder and SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Circulars issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA Circulars’) and Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (“SEBI"), to transact the businesses, as set outin the Notice of 89" AGM. Thevenue of 
the meeting shall be deemed tobe the Registered office ofthe Company. 
In terms of MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Notice of 69" AGM and the Annual 
Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 have been sent only through electronic mode on 
Saturday, 29” August, 2026, to members whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/ Depository Participant{s) (DPs)/ Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) 
i.e. Kfin Technologies Limited. Additionally, pursuant to Regulation 36(1)(b) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Company is also sendinga letter to the shareholders, whose e-mail IDs 
are not registered with the Company/RTA/DP, providing the weblink of Company's website 
from where the 69" AGM Noticeand the Annual Report for FY 2025-26 can beaccessed. 
The Notice of 89" AGM and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 are also available 
and can be downloaded from Company's website www..talpros.com, websites of BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and 
www.nseindia.com respectively and also from the website of National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) at httos:/Avww.evoting.nsdl.com. The members may also access the same. 
via QR Codeappearingat thebottom of this Notice. 
Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards on 
General Meeting (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the 
Company is providing the facility to all its members, to cast their vote on all the Resolutions 
setforth in the Notice conveningthe 89" AGM using electronic voting systems 
(e-voting), provided by the NSDL. The Company has appointed Ms. Kiran Sharma, a 
practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. 4942) as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize 
the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
Instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting during theAGM: 
1. The remote e-voting facility shall commence at 9.00 A.M. (IST) on Tuesday, 22 
September, 2026 and end at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, 24" September, 2026. 
The remote e-voting facility will be disabled thereafter. 
2. Any person who acquires shares and becomes a member of the Company after 
dispatch of the Notice of 69" AGM and is holding shares as on the Cutoff date ie. 
Saturday, 19" September, 2026, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com or seema_narang@talbros.com, ifrequired. 
3. Members who have exercised their right to vote through remote e-voting facility may 
attend theAGM, but shall not be allowed to cast their vote again. 
4. The detailed instructions for remote e-voting and e-voting during the AGM have been 
given in the notes to the Notice of 89" AGM. 
Facility to join the AGM through VC/OAVM is available through NSDL e-voting portal 
at www.evoting.nsdl.com. Members are requested to refer to the notes to Notice of 
69" AGM for detailed procedure for joining the AGM. 
Members, who would like to express their views or ask questions during the AGM, may 
register themselves as a speaker by sending a request from their registered email 
address to seema_narang@talbros.com, mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/ 
folio number, e-mail id and mobile number by Wednesday, 16" September, 2026 by 
5:00 P.M. (IST). Only those Members, who have registered themselves asa speaker, will 
be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the AGM depending upon 
availability of time. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of questions 
and number of speakers depending on the availability of me attheAGM. 
The result of the remote e-voting before and e-voting during the AGM shall be declared 
not later than 48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The results declared along with 
Scrutinizer's Report will be placed on the Company's website www.talbros.com and on 
website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com and website of Stock Exchanges i.e. National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) at yaww.nseindia.com 
and www.bseindia.com respectively. 
In case of any query/grievance regarding e-voting or technical & 
assistance for participating in the AGM via VC/OAVM, members may 
refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022-4886 7000 or send a [| 
request atevoting@nsdi.com. AKAR AUTO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Regd. Offica: 304, Abhay Steal House, Camac Bunder, Baroda Street, 
Mumbal - 400006. (India) 
Tel: (022)23481083, Fax: 91-22-23483867, 
Corp Office: E-5, MIDG, Waluj, Aurangabad (chh Sambhaji Nagar) - 431196 (M.S) india. 
Tok: (0240}8647230, | Fax: 91-240-2554640 
Email: corporate @ akaricolsticL com 
CIN No, L20220MH1989PLC052905   
      INFORMATION REGARDING 977 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
Dear Member(s) 
The 37* Annual General Meeting (AGM") of Akar Auto Industries Limited will be 
held on Tuesday, 29" September, 2026 at 11.30 a.m. through Video conferencing 
(‘VC') / Other Audio Visual Means ('OAVM') facllity In compliance with all the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act") and the Rules made 
thereunder, provisions of the Securitas and Exchange Board of Indla (Listing 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 read with all applicable 
circulars on the matter issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govemment of India 
and Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
In Compliance with the applicable circulars the Notice of the AGM along with the 
Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26 will be samt electronically 
to those members whose e-mall addresses are registered with the Depository 
Particlpant‘the Company. The Company shall send a physical copy of the Annual 
Report to those Members who request for the same at Corporate @akartoolsitd.com 
mentioning thelr Follo no/DP ID and Client ID. 
‘The e-copy of the Notice along with the Annual Report will be available on the website 
of the Corny Company at htipe:/fakarauto.com and the webalte of the Stock Exchange Le. 
BSE Limited at www,bselndia,com and on the website of Bigshare Services Private 
Limited at www,bigshareoniine.com. 
Members can attend and participate in the AGM through the VC/OAVM facility only 
and their attendance shall be counted for the put ‘of reckoning the quorum under 
Sectlon 103 of the Act. The Instructions for Joining the AGM are provided In the 
Notice of the AGM. 
Pursuantto the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Secretarial Standard on General 
Meeting Issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and Regulation 44 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 
and the MCA Circulars, the Company will provide the facility of remote e-voting to 
its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM and for the 
purpose, the Company has appointed Bigshare Services Private Limited to facilitate 
voting through electronic means. The detalled procedure for remote e-voting Is 
Provided in the Notice of the AGM which will be sent in due course. 
Members holding shares In physical mode and who have not updated thelr emall 
addresses with the Company are requested to update the same by writing at 
. Members holding shares in dematerialized mode 
ara requested to registar/update thelr amall addrasses with the respective DPs. 
Dividend and Record Date: 
‘The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 12, 2026 recommended dividend 
of Rs. 0.30/- per fully pald-up equity sharas of the face value af Rs. 5/- each (1.6 6%) 
for financlal year ended March 31, 2026, If declared at the AGM, will be pald subject 
to Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) on or before October 27, 2028. 
The Company has fixed Tuesday, September 22, 2026 as the Record Date for the 
purposes of determining the entitlament of Members to recelve the aforesaid final 
dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
Updation of bank account detalles: 
‘The Members are requested to note that SEBI vide Its Circular No. SEB/HO/MIRSD/ 
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 datedNovember 3, 2021 (subsequently amended 
by Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIASD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated 
December 14, 2021, SEB/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD-PoD1/P/CIR/2029/37 dated March 
16, 2023 and SEB HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIFV2028/181 dated November 17, 2023) 
has mandated that with effect from April 1, 2024, dividend to security holders (holding 
‘securities In physical form), shall be paid only through electronic mode. Such payment 
shall be made only after furnishing the PAN, choice of nomination, contact detalls 
including mobile number, bank account details and specimen signature. 
Members who have not updated their bank account mandate for receiving 
dividend are requested to follow the below Instructions: 
Dematerlalized Hokding| Reglster/update the detalls In the demat account as 
per the process advised by your DP 
Reglster/update the detalla with the RTA, Bigshare 
Services Private Limited In the prescribed form 
(ISR-1) along with the supporting documents and 
other relevant forms. 
Note: Members are requested to visit httos.//www.blgsharsoniing.com/ 
Members holding shares In electronic form may please note that thelr bank detalis 
as furnished by the respective DPs to the Company will be considered for remittance 
of dividend as per the applicable regulations of the DPs and the Company will not 
be able to accede to any direct request from such Members for change/addition/ 
deletion in such bank details. 
Accordingly, Members holding shares In electronic form are requested to ensure 
that thelr electronic Bank Mandate Is updated with thelr respective DPs.     
Physical Holding 
        
. oa For Akar Auto Industries Limited 
For Talbros Automotive Components Limited Sd/- 
Sd Dipak Kala 
Place: Faridabad (Seema Narang) Place: Chh. Sambhall Nagar (Aurangabad) Company Secretary 
Date : 29" August, 2026 Company Secretary Date: 31% August 2026 ACS-77623       SECUREKLOUD TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
CIN : L72300TN1993PLC101852 
Registered Office : Bascon Futura S¥, 10/1, 5th Floor, Venkatanarayana Road, 
T. Nagar, Chennai - 600 017. Website: www.securekloud.com 
E-mail: cs@securekloud.com Phone: 044 6602 8000 
eT Te Sea Tee a a 
eT ST ee Ua 
1. Notice is hereby given that the 41st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company 
will be held over video conference and other audio visual means (VC/OAVM) on 
Friday, September 25, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. IST in compliance with General Circular 
14/2020 dated April 8 , 2020 , General Circular No 17/2020 dated April 13 , 2020, 
General Circular No 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 , General Circular No 09/2024 dated 
September 19, 2024 and the latest being General Circular Na 03/2025 dated September 
22, 2025 issued by the Ministry af Corporate Affairs (MICA) read with relevant circulars 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (hereinafter collectively referred ta 
as "the Circulars") and all other applicable laws, to transact the business that will be 
set forth in the Notice of the Meeting. Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM 
shall be reckoned far the purpose of quorum under Section 103 of the Act. The deemed 
venue of the AGM shall be registered office of the company. 
2. In compliance with the above circulars, electronic copies of the Notice of the AGM and 
Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 will be sent to all the shareholders whose 
email ids are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s). Shareholders 
holding shares in dematerialized mode, are requested to register their email id and 
mobile numbers with their relevant depositories through their depository participants 
and shareholders holding shares in physical mode are requested to furnish details to 
the Company's Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ("RTA"), Adrait Corporate Services 
Put Lid, at info@adroitcorparate.com. 
Shareholders who wish to register their email address may follow the below instructions: 
Demat holding | Register or update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depositary Participant (DP) 
Register or update the details in prescribed form ISR-1 
and other relevant forms wih RTA of the Company at 
info@adroitcorporate.com 
Shareholders may download the prescribed forms from RTA's 
website at httos:/www.adroitcomarate.com/Rand]Services.aspx 
The Company has facilitated the members to participate at the AGM through the VC/ 
OAVM facility provided by Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL). The 
Company will provide e-voting facility to all its members ta cast their vates on the 
resolutions set forth in the AGM Notice, through CDSL. The detailed procedure for 
casting vates through remote e-vating/e-voting at the AGM will be provided in the 
AGM Notice. 
Notice of the 41* AGM and Annual Repart 2025-26 will also be made available 
on the Campany's website, at wwwsecurekloud.com, stack exchanges websites 
ie. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange Limited, www.bseindiacam and 
www.nseindia.com and on the CDSL's website, at www.evotingindia.com. 
3. A letter providing the weblink far accessing the Annual Report for the financial 
year 2025-26 will be sent to those shareholders who have nat registered their 
email address with the Campany/Depasitaries. 
4, Shareholders who have nat registered their email address will have an opportunity 
to cast their vate remotely an the business as set forth in the Notice of the AGM 
through remate e-vating or thraugh e-voting system during the AGM. The manner 
of voting remotely for shareholders holding shares in dematerialized and physical 
made will be provided in the Notice to the sharehalders. 
5. Notice of the 41° AGM will be sent to the shareholders in accordance with the 
applicable laws on their registered email id in due course. 
6. This advertisement is being issued far the information and benefit of all members 
of the Company in compliance with the Act and circulars issued by MCA 
and SEBI. 
    
  
Physical halding 
        
  
For Securekloud Technologies Limited, 
By the order of the Board 
Jayashree Vasudevan 
Place: Chennai Company Secretary 
Date: September 1, 2026 M.NO A58225     
        
    
    
   
10 7g fecett | SIAR, 31 SAT 2026   
THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: Ocean House, 134/A, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 « CIN: L35110MH1948PLC006472 
  Tel: +91 22 66613000 « Website: www.greatship.com * E-mail: shares@greatship.com + Contact Person: Mr. Anand Punde — Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT   
FOR THE ATTENTION OF HOLDERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE GREAT 
EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”) FOR THE BUYBACK 
OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH STOCK EXCHANGES 
UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF 
SECURITIES) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED. 
This public announcement {the “Public Announcement’) is being made in relation to the 
Buyback (as defined hereinafter} of Equity Shares (as defined heroinafter) of the Company 
from the open market through stock exchange mechanism, pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 16(iv)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018 (including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) 
from time to time) (the “SEBI Buyback Regulations”) and contains the disclosures, as 
Specified in Schedule IV read with Schedule | of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Certain figures contained In this Public Announcement, Including financial Information, 
have been subject to rounding-off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two. 
decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers 
may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a 
column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that 
column or row. Further, certain numerical information in this Public Announcement has 
been presented in ‘crore’. One crore represents 10 million, i.e. 10,000,000. 
“Working Day” means any working day of the SEBI (as defined hereinafter). 
BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH THE STOCK 
EXCHANGES. 
PART A_- DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE | OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS, 
1. DETAILS OF BUYBACK OFFER AND OFFER PRICE 
1.1 Pursuant to the provisions of Article 65 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to 
time (the “Companies Act’) (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactments from time to time), the provisions of the SEB! Buyback Regulations, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended ({"SEBI LODR Regulations’) 
(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactments from time 
to time), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and 
exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI"), the stock exchanges 
on which the equity shares of the Company are listed (the “Stock Exchanges”), 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA"), Registrar of Companies (the “RoG") and/ 
or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, 
MCA, and RoC, the "Appropriate Authoritles”), as may be necessary, and subject 
to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications, if any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Appropriate Authorities, while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Beard”, which 
term shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers}, 
the Board at its meeting held on August 27, 2026 (“Board Meeting’) approved the 
buyback by the Company of its fully paid-up Equity Shares of the face value of INR 
10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) ("Equity Shares”} of the Company, each from Its 
shareholders’ beneficial owners (other than those who are promoters, members of 
the promoter group or persons in control of the Company) from the open market 
through Stock Exchange mechanism i.e., using the electronic trading facilities of 
the Stock Exchanges, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 900,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) ("Maximum Buyback Size”), and at a 
price not exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and 
Thirty only) per Equity Share ("Maximum Buyback Price"), payable in cash (the 
process being referred to as “Buyback”}. The Maximum Buyback Size does not 
Include any transactlon costs viz. brokerage, turnover charges, applicable taxes such 
as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, intermediary 
fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and 
other incidental and related expenses, etc (collectively referred to as “Transaction 
Costs’). 
The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company’s fully paid-up Equity Share Capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively {being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company). Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size 
is less than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company based on both audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 
68(2)(b) of the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i){b) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, approval from the shareholders of the Company is not required under 
the applicable laws. 
At the Maximum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares 
(‘Maximum Buyback Shares”), representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share Capital of 
the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board Meeting and 
Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the 
Maximum Buyback Price, the number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed 
the Maximum Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback 
Size) but will always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
The Company shall utilize at least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size i.e., INR 
675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) 
(‘Minimum Buyback Size") towards the Buyback and based on the Minimum 
Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company would purchase a 
minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and 
Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum Buyback Size, i.e., 
INR 360,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) shall be 
utilized within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer. 
In accordance with Regulation 17(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Buyback offer shall open within 4 (four) Working Days from the date of this Public 
Announcement and close within 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer (‘Maximum Buyback Period”). The Board shall 
determine, at its discretion, the time frame for completion of the Buyback and may 
close the Buyback which shall not be later than the Maximum Buyback Period after 
the Minimum Buyback Size has been reached and irrespective of whether the 
Maximum Buyback Size has or has not been reached, after giving appropriate notice 
for such closure and on completing all formalities in this regard, in accordance with 
the Companies Act and the SEB! Buyback Regulations. 
The Buyback will be Implemented by the Company from Its free reserves, the 
securities premium account or such other sources as may be permitted by law 
and in accordance with Section 68(1) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4{ix) 
of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and in accordance with Regulation 4(iv)(b)(ii) 
and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, by way of open 
market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism 
except ‘all or none’ order matching system as provided under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. 
The Buyback is subject to such sanctions and approvals as may be required under 
applicable laws and regulations. The Buyback from shareholders/ beneficial owners, 
who are persons resident outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors/ 
foreign Institutional Investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodles and non-resident 
Indians, if any, shall be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required, 
including approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and the 
same shall be procured by such shareholders, if applicable. 
Acopy ofthis Public Announcement will be made available on the Company's website 
{www.greatship.com) and is expected to be available on the website of SEBI (www, 
sebi.gov.in), website of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (www. 
oseindia.com), website of BSE Limited ("BSE") (www.bseindig.com) and website of 
the Manager to the Buyback (https://investmentbank. kotak.com/) during the period 
of the Buyback. 
In addition to publication of this Public Announcement and its availability on the 
websites of the Company, SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, the Company shall 
disseminate Information regarding the Buyback to all shareholders of the Company 
holding Equity Shares on the date of making this Public Announcament, through 
electronic means, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Buy-Back of 
Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 (effective from August 1, 2026), which 
re-introduced the open market buyback route through the Stock Exchanges. 
2. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK 
In continuation of the Company's efforts to effectively utilize its resources, it is 
proposed to undertake the Buyback of its own Equity Shares. The Buyback is being 
undertaken, infer alia, for the following reasons: 
(ij) | The Buyback would result in reduction in outstanding number of Equity Shares and 
consequently increase eamings per share and book value per share, based on the 
assumption that the Company would eam similar profits as in the past over a period 
of time; 
(I) The Buyback would help to effectively utilize avallable cash; 
(iii) ~The Buyback may help te improve retum on equity, by reduction in the equity base, 
thereby leading to long-term increase in shareholders’ value. At the same time, it will 
not materially impact the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities; and 1.2 
1.3 
14 
16 
16 
17 
18 
19 
    (iv) 
3.1 
3.2 
41 
42 
43 
44 
5.1 
5.2 
5.3 
@ 
qi) 
i) 
5.4 
7A 
7.2 
7.3 
8.1 The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the 
Company (except the promoters, promoter group and the person in control of the 
Company), who can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be 
accepted under the Buyback offer or they may choose not to participate and enjoy 
a resultant increase in returns on their shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without 
any additional investment. 
MAXIMUM AMOUNT REQUIRED UNDER THE BUYBACK ANDITS PERCENTAGE 
OF THE TOTAL PAID-UP CAPITAL AND FREE RESERVES 
The maximum amount of funds required for the Buyback will not exceed INR 
900,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only), excluding Transaction 
Costs. 
The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 8.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company's fully pald-up Equity Share capttal and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company), and the same is within the prescribed limit 
of 10% of the aggregate total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, under the Board approval route as per Section 
68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other 
applicable provisions of the SEB| Buyback Regulations. 
MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES THAT THE COMPANY PROPOSES 
TO BUY- BACK 
At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares, 
representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) of the total number of Equity Shares 
in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 
as on the date of the Board Mesting and Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares 
are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the actual number 
of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Maximum Buyback Shares but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
In terms of Regulation 15(i) of the SEB! Buyback Regulations, the Company shall 
utilize at least 75% of the amount earmarked as the Maximum Buyback Size for the 
Buyback, i.e. INR 675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five 
Crores only}. Based on the Minimum Buyback Size and Maximum Buyback Price, 
the Company would purchase a minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. 
In terms of Regulation 15(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback i.e., INR 
360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) within the 
initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. 
The actual number of Equity Shares bought back during the Buyback period will 
depend upon the actual price paid for the Equity Shares bought back and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size 
and shall not exceed the 25% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. 
MAXIMUM PRICE FOR BUYBACK OF THE EQUITY SHARES AND BASIS FOR 
ARRIVING AT THE MAXIMUM BUYBACK PRICE 
The Equity Shares cf the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price not 
exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) 
per Equity Share i.e., the Maximum Buyback Price. 
The Maximum Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors 
including, but not limited to, the trends in the volume weighted average market prices 
of the Stock Exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed, possible impact of the 
Buyback on the price eamings ratio, impact on net worth, eamings and book value 
per Equity Share and other financial parameters. 
The Maximum Buyback Price per Equity Share represents: 
a premium of 9.81% and 10.17% over the volume weighted average market price of 
the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during one month preceding the 
date of intimation, i.e., August 24, 2026 ("Intimation Date”) to the Stock Exchanges 
of the Board Mesting to consider the proposal of the Buyback. 
a premium of 17.38% and 17.42% over the volume weighted average market price 
of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the two weeks preceding 
the Intimation Date. 
a premium of 15.12% and 14.78% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on 
BSE and NSE, respectively, as on the Intimation Date. 
Shareholders are advised that the Buyback of the Equity Shares will be carried 
out through the Stock Exchanges by the Company, in its sole discretion, based on, 
amongst other things, the prevailing market prices of the Equity Shares, which may 
be below the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1 ,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share. 
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION 4 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
In terms of the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the offer for Buyback 
under board approval cannot be made for 10% or more of the total paid-up equity 
capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the standalone or consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever sets out a lower amount. As per the 
latest audited balance sheet of the Company as of March 31, 2026, the total paid-up 
Equlty Share capltal and free reserves are as follows: 
(INR crore) 
Consolidated 
142.77 
14,046.74 
14,189.51   
Standalone 
142.77 
12,366.08 
12,508.85 Particulars 
Total paid-up equity capital (A) 
Total free reserves {B) 
Total pald-up Equity Share capital and free 
reserves (A+B) 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback 
under the Regulation 4(iv} of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, i.e., lower of 15% of the total paid- 
up Equity Share capital and free reserves of 
standalone and consolidated financial statements. 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback with 
the approval of Board under Section 68(2){b) of 
the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i) 
(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations (10% of the 
aggregate total paid-up capital and free reserves, 
based on the standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, whichever 
sets out a lower amount) 
Based on the above, the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 2026. 
METHOD TO BE ADOPTED FOR BUYBACK AS REFERRED TO IN REGULATION 
4(Ilv)(b) AND REGULATION 16 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
The Buyback will be Implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEB! Buyback Regulations. 
In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, except in case of 
transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities 
shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a 
depository. Accordingly, the Buyback is open fo beneficial owners holding Equity 
Shares in dematerialized form. The promoters, promoter group and the persons in 
control of the Company shall not participate in the Buyback. Further, as required 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company will not buyback Equity Shares 
which are locked-in or non-transferable or held in physical form, until the pendency 
of such lock-in or until the time such Equity Shares become transferable or until the 
time such Equity Shares are converted into dematerialized form (‘Demat Shares”), 
as applicable. 
In relation to the Buyback of Demat Shares, the execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the broker, appointed by the Company, in accordance with the 
requirements of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI. 
THE AGGREGATE SHAREHOLDING OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF 
THE PROMOTER GROUP, THE DIRECTORS OF THE PROMOTER/PROMOTER 
GROUP WHERE PROMOTER/PROMOTER GROUP IS A COMPANY, DIRECTORS 
AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
Details of the aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, directors of the promoters and members of the promoter group (where the 
promoter or the member of the promoter group Is a company), persons In control 
of the Company, directors and key managerial personnel of the Company as on the 
date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Public Announcement, is below. 
The aggregate shareholding of the promoters/ promoter group including persons in 
control of the Company:       
    
1,876.33 
  
1,250.89 
        
        
  Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basls) 
Promoters & Promoter Group 
1 | RaviK. Sheth 1,66,63,095* 11.67% 
2 | Bharat K. Sheth 1,61,19,490* 11.29%             8.2 
0) 
qi) 
8.3 
8.4 
Q@ 
qi) 
9.1 
9.2 
9.3       
                            
    Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basls) 
Promoters & Promoter Group 
3 | Laadki Trading and 61,54,981 4.31% 
Investments Limited 
4 | Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74% 
5 | Sanglita Muljl 5,82,415 0.41% 
6 | Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37% 
7_| Rosaleen Mulji 4,32,000 0.30% 
8 | Gopa Investments Co. Pvt. Ltd. 4,24,000 0.30% 
9 | K.M. Sheth 2,78,133 0.19% 
10 | Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
11 | Jyoti Bharat Sheth 1,37,796 0.10% 
12_| Nisha Viraj Mehta 1,12,037 0.08% 
13 _| Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
14 | Nirja Bharat Sheth 1,05,317 0.07% 
15 | Arjun Ravi Sheth 50,040 0.04% 
16 | Gopali Mulji - - 
Total 4,29,36,248 30.07% 
“including shares held as trustee 
The aggregate shareholding of the directors of companies which are a part of the 
promoter and promoter group of the Company: 
Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.6., Laadki Trading and Investments 
Limited) in the Company:             Sr. Name of the Director Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
1_| Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
2__| Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
3. | Ankit Mamniya - 0.00% 
4 | Rajesh Bhatt - 0.00% 
Total 2,92,329 0.21%   
Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.e., Gopa Investments Co. Pvt Ltd) 
in the Company:                     Sr. Name of the Director Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
1_| Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74% 
2 | Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41% 
3_ | Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37% 
4 | Pankaj Pandey 1,50,000 0.11% 
5 | Vijay Udani 21,000 0.01% 
6 | Gopali Mulji - 0.00% 
Total 23,38,030 1.64%   
The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company:           
      
  
      
      
                sr. Name Designation Number % of Paid-up 
No. of Equity Equity Share 
Shares Capital 
1_|K.M. Sheth Chairman Emeritus 2,78,133 0.19% 
Directors 
2 | Bharat K. Sheth | Chairman and 1,61,19,490* 11.29% 
Managing Director 
3. | Ravi K. Sheth Non-Executive - Non 1,66,63,095" 11.67% 
Independent Director 
4 | Amitabh Kumar | Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
5 |Bhavna Doshi | Non-Executive - 1,192@ 0.00% 
Independent Director 
6 | Kalpana Non-Executive - - - 
Momparia Independent Director 
7 | Keki Mistry Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
8 | Raju Shukla Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
9 | Ranjit Pandit Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
10 | Shivshankar Non-Executive - - - 
Menon Independent Director 
11 (| T.N. Ninan Non-Executive - - - 
Independent Director 
12 | Uday Shankar | Non-Executive - 11,384 0.01% 
Independent Director 
13 |G. Shivakumar | Executive Director and 57 0.00% 
Chief Financial Officer 
Key Managerial Personnel 
14 [ Anand Punde [ Company Secretary [ 5 [ 0.00%   
“including shares held as trustee 
® held jointly with husband as a second holder 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and members of the promoter 
group, persons in control, directors of companies which are a part of the promoter and 
promoter group of the Company during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the 
date of this Public Announcement {and during a period of 6 (six) months preceding 
the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buyback (i.e., August 27, 2026): 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and promoter group and 
persons who are In control of the Company: NIl 
Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the directors of companies which are a part 
of the promoter and promoter group of the Company:   
  
  Shareholder | Aggregate | Nature of | Maximum | Dateof | Minimum] Date of 
No.of | Transaction | Price (INR) | Maximum | Price | Minimum 
Equity Price (INR) Price 
Shares 
Purchased 
1 {Sold} 
Pankaj §,000 | Off-market Nil June 18, Nil June 18, 
Pandey transfer 2026 2026 
Uday 10,000 Market 990.00 | September) 983.00 | September 
Shankar Purchase 9, 2025 9, 2025                   
INTENTION OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP 
AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO OFFER THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES IN THE BUYBACK 
In terms of Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, since the Buyback is 
being implemented by way of open market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, 
the Buyback shall not be extended to the promoters, promoter group and persons in 
control of the Company. 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 24{i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
neither the promoters nor the promoter group nor his/ their associates shall deal 
in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through 
the Stock Exchanges or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity 
Shares amongst them) during the period from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
closing of the Buyback. 
In addition to the above, as per Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Equity Shares held by the promoters and promoter group including their 
associates, for which Buyback is undertaken, shall remain frozen at the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) level during the period from the date of the 
Board Meeting till the closing of the Buyback. The transfer of Equity Shares pursuant 
to invocation of encumbrances created prior to the commencement of Buyback, 
may be allowed subject to the freeze on such Equity Shares continuing to apply 
pursuant to invocation of encumbrances, and also subject to the conditions as may 
be specified by SEBI. The operationalization of this ISIN-level freeze mechanism 
Is governed by the SEBI circular dated July 21, 2026, on Operationalization of 
Freezing Holdings of Promoter and Promoter Group (including their associates) at 
the ISIN level under Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and the 
operational guidelines issued by the depositories pursuant thereto. The Company 
has provided necessary instructions to the depositories to give effect to such freezing 
of Equity Shares.    
fasrra eee ag feeett | ear, 31 arnat 2026 11   
  10. SUBSISTING DEFAULTS 
The Company confirms that there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of 
deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or interest payment 
thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any 
shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any 
financial institution or banking company. 
11. CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY 
The Board has confirmed that It has made a full enquiry Into the affairs and prospects 
of the Company and has formed the opinion that: 
(} Immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board of Directors Is 
convened on August 27, 2026, approving tha Buyback ("Board Meeting Date”), 
there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay Its 
debts; 
(ji) as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following the 
Board Meeting Date, having regard to the Board's intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company's business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial rascurces which will, in the Board's view, be available to 
the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet Its liabilities as and 
when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from 
the Board Meeting Date; and 
(iii) in forming the aforesaid opinion, the Board has taken into account the liabilities 
(including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound 
up under the provisions of the Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended. 
12. CONFIRMATION FROM THE COMPANY AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS AND THE COMPANIES ACT 
(i} all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid-up; 
(ji) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities including by way 
of bonus from the date of the Board approving the Buyback till the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion 
of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares 
or debentures into Equity Shares; 
(iii) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further 
capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the 
Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the 
Buyback period; 
{iv} the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, shall 
not make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including 
allotment of new shares or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months 
after the completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or equity 
shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into Equity Shares; 
(v) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from 
any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or 
through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation 
of the Buyback; 
(vi) the aggregate maximum amount of the Buyback i.e. INR $00,00,00,000/- (Indian 
Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the 
total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 
March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 
58,82,352 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) 
Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board 
Meeting and Public Announcement; 
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Companies Act (“Scheme”) involving the Company, and no public 
announcement of the Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme; 
(ix) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash; 
(x) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior 
consent of its lenders in case it results in a breach of any covenant with such lenders; 
(xi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds 
for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback 
and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and 
physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines; 
(xiii) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of 1 (one) year from the date of 
passing of the Board resolution and within such period as may be prescribed In the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
(xlv) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of 
the offer of the Buyback is made; 
(xv) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of 
the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws; 
(xvi) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares; 
(xvii) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, if any or through any 
investment company or group of investment companies; 
(xviil)the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act; 
(xix) there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of deposits, interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption 
of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment 
of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institution or banking 
company; 
the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked-in or non-transferable, 
until the pendency of such lock-in, or until the time the Equity Shares become 
transferable, as applicable; 
(xx) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company 
shall not be more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves, after 
the Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
(xxi) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ 
or such sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve 
account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements; 
@cdii) Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges; 
(adv) Buyback would be subject te the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR Regulations; 
(xxv) the Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and in such form as may be prescribed by SEBI so as to 
enable the Stock Exchanges to upload the same on their website immediately; 
(oi) as per Regulation 24{i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters and 
members of promoter group of the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares 
or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges 
or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the 
promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the Board approving 
the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer; and 
(xvi) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period 
of one year immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting. 
13. REPORT BY THE COMPANY'S STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The text of the report dated August 27, 2026, recelved from Deloitte Haskins & Sells 
LLP, the statutory auditor of the Company addressed to the Board of the Company is 
reproduced below: 
Quote 
Ref: MP/2026-27/24 
To, 
The Board of Directors, 
The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited 
Ocean House 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road 
Worli, Mumbai - 400018 
Re: Statutory Auditor's Report In respect of proposed buyback of Equity 
Shares by The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited (“the Company”) in 
terms of Clause (xl) of Schedule | of the Securitles and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the Buyback 
Regulations”) 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter with 
reference no. MP/EL/2026-27/03 dated August 20, 2026. 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved a proposal for buyback of 
Equity Shares by the Company at its meeting held on August 27, 2026, in pursuance 
of the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended 
(the “Act”) and the Buyback Regulations. 
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on 
the accompanying “Statement of Permissible Capital Payment {including premium) (vii) 
(xii) 
(eq 
      based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the year ended March 31, 2026” (‘Annexure A) (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Statement”). This Statement has been prepared by the Management, which we 
have stamped and initialed for the purposes of identification only. 
Management's Responsibility 
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2) 
(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 4{iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) 
of the Buyback Regulations and compliance with the Buyback Regulations, is the 
responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the computation of the 
amount of the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all 
accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility 
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis 
of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. 
5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the 
Company has applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 
1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the 
Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from 
August 27, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into 
the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in 
clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulatlons on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within 
a period of one year from that date of board meeting. The Board of Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with all the requirements of the 
Act and Buyback Regulations. 
Auditor's Responsibility 
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to 
provide a reasonable assurance that: 
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026 which were approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their meeting held on May 14, 2026; 
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated in Annexure A, has been 
properly determined considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company, 
in accordance with proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 
4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5{i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable; 
and 
the Board of Directors of the Company, in its Meeting held on August 27, 2026 
has formed the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback 
Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company will not, having regard to its 
state of affairs, be rendered Insolvent (as defined In Management's Responsibllity 
above) within a period of one year from the aforesaid date with regard to which the 
proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting. 
7. Our responsibility did not include the evaluation of adherence by the Company with 
the other applicable provisions/regulations of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, 
in connection with the proposed Buyback. 
8. Nothing contained in this Report, nor anything said or dene in the course of, or 
in connection with the services that are subject to this report, will extend any duty 
of care that we may have in our capacity of the statutory auditors of any financial 
statements of the Company. 
9. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
referred to in paragraph 6 above, were audited by us, on which we had issued an 
unmcedified audit opinion in our reports each dated May 14, 2026. We conducted 
our audit of the said annual standalone and consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the 
Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements Issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned and performed in 
connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential interest 
to third parties. 
10. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), 
Issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Indla (the “Guldance Note”) and 
Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
in so far as applicable for the purpose of this report. The Guidance Note requires that 
we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. 
11. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements. Further our examination did not extend to any other parts and aspects 
of a legal or proprietary nature in the aforesaid Buyback. 
12. We have no responsibility to update this Report for events and circumstances 
occurring after the date of this Report. 
Opinion 
13. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that: 
|. We have Inqulred Into the state of affalrs of the Company In relation to Its annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company in their meeting held on May 14, 2026. 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment (including premium) towards the 
proposed buy back of Equity Shares as computed in the Statement attached 
herewith, as Annexure A, in our view, has been properly determined in accordance 
with proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the Act the proviso to Regulation 4{iv) and the 
proviso to Regulation 5(I)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable. 
iii. |The Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on August 27, 2026 has 
formed opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulations, 
on reasonable grounds that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not 
be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management's Responsibility above) within a 
period of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated August 27, 
2026. 
Restriction on use 
14. This Report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the 
Company {i) in connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the 
Company as mentioned in paragraph 2 above, (ii) to enable the Board of Directors of 
the Company to include in the public announcement, and other documents pertaining 
to the proposed buyback to be filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges and any other regulatory authority as 
per applicable law and (b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National 
Securitles Depository Limited, and (Ill) for sharing with the Merchant Bankers In 
connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the Company for onward 
submission to relevant authorities in pursuance of the provisions of Section 68 and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be 
suitable for any cther purpose. This report should not be used for any other purpose 
without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any 
liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this 
report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. 
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
(Firm's Registration No. 117366W/ W-100018) 
Mehul Parekh 
Partner 
(Membership No. 121513) 
UDIN: 261215130XVXSX1420 
  Mumbai, August 27, 2026 
Annexure A — Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) 
based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of Equity 
Shares of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited in compliance with proviso 
to Section 68(2}(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with proviso to 
Regulation 4(Iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(I)(b) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of Indla (Buy-Back of Securitles) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the 
Buyback Regulations”), based on annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financlal statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026. 
              
    {Rs. in crores) 
Particulars Standalone | Consolidated 
Paid up equity capital as at March 31, 2026 (A) 142.77 142.77 
Free reserves as at March 31, 2026: 
Retained earnings 8,471.03 9,933.41 
Securities premium reserve : 74.76 
General reserve 4,399.70 4,625.67 
Unrealised gain on fair valuation of assets (504.65) {587.10} 
and liabilities as at March 31, 2026. 
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08 14,046.74 
Total paid up Equity capital and free| C=(A+B)| 12,508.85 14,189.51 
reserves                 
Particulars 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act, i.e. 10% of the total paid up capital 
and free reserves. 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 15% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 10% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. lower of 
Standalone and Consolidated amounts 
Notes: 
1. The amount of paid-up equity capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2026 have 
been extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 which 
was approved by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting held on May 14, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company. 
The Board of Directors have approved a proposal for the Company to buyback its 
own fully paid-up Equity Shares of a face value of Rs. 10/- each for an amount not 
exceeding Rs. 900 crores excluding any transaction costs for a price not exceeding 
Rs. 1,530 per Equity Share from the shareholders of the Company. 
2. Free reserves includes Securities premium reserve as given in Explanation Il to 
Section 68 of the Act. 
3. As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation 
of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company's ability to 
continue as a going concem for a period of one year immediately following the date 
of passing of the Board Meeting resolution dated August 27, 2026. 
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited Standalone 
1,250.89 Consolidated 
1,418.95   
c*10% 
  
C*15% 1,876.33 2,128.43 
  
c*10% 1,250.89 1,418.95 
    
1,250.89 
          
G. Shivakumar 
Chennai, August 27, 2026 Executive Director & CFO 
Unquote 
14. PRIOR APPROVAL FROM THE LENDERS 
As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I(xii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, it 
is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenants as per the agreements with 
the lenders and the consent of the lenders has been obtained by the Company for 
undertaking the Buyback. 
PART B — DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE IV OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
1. DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR BUYBACK 
The Buyback has been approved by the Board in the Board Meeting held on August 
27, 2026. Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 
31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, approval from the 
shareholders of the Company is not required. 
2. MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES PROPOSED TO 
BE BOUGHT BACK, SOURCES OF FUNDS AND COST OF FINANCING THE 
BUYBACK 
2.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty Eight 
Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares. If the 
Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the 
actual number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the indicative Maximum 
Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback Size) but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. However, the Maximum Buyback 
Shares will not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up 
Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the 
Board Meeting and Public Announcement. 
2.2 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back will depend upon the actual price, 
excluding the Transaction Costs, paid for the Equity Shares bought back, and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
2.3 Further, in accordance with SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall utilize at 
least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size for the Buyback i.e., INR 675,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only} and based on the 
Minimum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company will 
purchase an indicative minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum 
Buyback Size, i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty 
Crores only) shall be utilized within the initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. 
2.4 The Buyback will be funded out of the internal accruals of the Company including 
free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act, and on such terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit. Borrowed funds from banks and financial institutions will not be used 
for the Buyback. In terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the face value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account, and 
the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial 
    statements. 
3. PROPOSED TIMETABLE FOR BUYBACK 
Activity Date 
Date of Board resolution | August 27, 2026 
approving Buyback   
Date of publication of the 
Public Announcement August 31, 2026     Date of opening of the On or before September 4, 2026 
Buyback 
Acceptance of Equity Upon the relevant pay-out by the Stock Exchanges. 
Shares accepted In 
dematerialized mode 
Extinguishment of Equity 
Shares   
The Equity Shares (in dematerialised form) will be 
extinguished in the manner specified in the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the 
bye-laws, circulars and guidelines framed thereunder 
and Regulation 21 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Company shall ensure that all Equity Shares 
bought back are extinguished within 7 (seven) Working 
Days of the expiry of the Buyback period 
Earlier of: 
(a) December 11, 2026 (that is 66 working days from 
the date of the opening of the Buyback); or 
(6) when the Company completes the Buyback by 
deploying the amount equivalent te the Maximum 
Buyback Size; or 
(c) atsuch earlier date as may be determined by the 
Board, after giving notice of such earlier closure, 
subject to the Company having deployed an 
amount equivalent to the Minimum Buyback 
Size (even If the Maximum Buyback Size has not 
been reached or the Maximum Buyback Shares 
have not been bought back in accordance with 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations), however, that 
all payment obligations relating to the Buyback 
shall be completed before the last date for the 
Buyback. 
4. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY TO BE ADOPTED FOR THE BUYBACK 
4.1. The Buyback is open to all shareholders of the Company holding Equity Shares 
in dematerialized form “Demat Shares”. Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form can participate in the Buyback after such Equity Shares are dematerialized by 
approaching depository participant. However, as per Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the Buyback shall not be made from the promoter, members 
of the promoter group, and persons in control of the Company. 
4.2. Further, as required under the Companies Act and SEB! Buyback Regulations, the 
‘Company will not purchase Equity Shares which are partly paid-up, the Equity Shares 
with call-in-arrears, locked-in Equity Shares or non-transferable Equity Shares, in the 
Buyback, until they become fully paid-up, or until the pendency of such lock-in, or 
until the time such Equity Shares become freely transferable, as applicable. 
4.3 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEB| Buyback Regulations and price- 
time priority-based order matching principle, as provided under Stock Exchange 
circulars, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India {Buy-Back 
of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 (effective from 
August 1, 2026) and in accordance with the SEBI circular SEBIHO/CFD/PoD-   
Last Date for the 
completion of the 
Buyback 
        
   
12 7g fecett | SIAR, 31 SAT 2026   
  44 
45 
46 
47 
48 
49 
4.10 
4.1 
412 
4.13 
5.3 2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
For the implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Kotak Securities 
Limtted as the registered broker (“Company's Broker’) through whom the purchases 
and settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company. 
The contact details of the Company's Broker are as follows: 
c kotak neo 
Kotak Securities Limited 
27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbal — 400 051 
Contact Person: Tabrez Anwar 
Phone: 1800 209 9191 
Emall: support@kotakneo.com 
SEBI Reglstration: INZ000200137 
The Equity Shares are traded in dematerialized mode under the scrip code 500620 
at BSE and under the symbol code GESHIP at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares 
of the Company is INEQ17A01032. 
The Company, shall, in accordance with the applicable laws, commencing on or 
before September 4, 2026 (i.e. the date of opening of the Buyback), place “buy” 
orders on the Stock Exchanges on the normal trading segment under BO series 
to Buyback the Equity Shares through the Company's Broker, in such quantity and 
at such price, which will be in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 
(effective from August 1, 2026), SEBI Circular SEBIMHO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 
dated March 08,2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the Stock 
Exchange circulars, not exceeding the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share, as it 
may deem fit. 
Procedure for Buyback of Demat Shares: Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares who desire to sell their Equity Shares in the Buyback, would have to do 
so through their stock broker, who is a registered member of either of the Stock 
Exchanges by indicating to their broker the details of the Equity Shares they intend 
to sell whenever the Company has placed a "buy” order for Buyback of the Equity 
Shares. The Company shall place a “buy” order for Buyback cf Demat Shares, by 
indicating to the Company's Broker, the number of Equity Shares it intends to buy 
along with a price for the same. The trade would be executed at the price at which 
the order matches the prics offered by the beneficial owners and that price would be 
the Buyback price for that beneficial owner. The execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the Company's Broker in accordance with the requirements of the 
Stock Exchanges and SEBI. Orders for Equity Shares can be placed on the trading 
days of the Stock Exchanges. The Company Is under no obligation to place “buy” 
order on a daily basis. 
It may be noted that a uniform prica would not be paid to all the shareholders/ 
beneficial owners pursuant to the Buyback and that the same would depend on 
the price at which the trade with that particular shareholder’ beneficial owner was 
executed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Procedure for Buyback of Physical Shares: As per the proviso to Regulation 
40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEB’ 
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, transfers of securities shall 
not be processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialized form with a 
depository. In light of this, the Company shall not accept the Equity Shares offered 
under the Buyback unless such Equity Shares are in dematerialized form. 
ACCORDINGLY, ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY HOLDING 
EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AND DESIROUS OF OFFERING 
THEIR EQUITY SHARES IN THE BUYBACK ARE ADVISED TO APPROACH 
THE CONCERNED DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANT TO HAVE THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES DEMATERIALIZED. IN CASE ANY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER HAS 
SUBMITTED EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM FOR DEMATERIALIZATION, 
SUCH SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE PROCESS OF 
DEMATERIALIZATION IS COMPLETED WELL IN TIME SO THAT THEY CAN 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK BEFORE BUYBACK CLOSING DATE. 
Shareholders are requested to get in touch with the Manager to the Buyback or the 
Company's Broker or the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company to 
clarify any doubts in the process. 
Subject to the Company purchasing Equity Shares for an amount equivalent to the 
Minimum Buyback Size, nothing contained herein shall create any obligation on the 
part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any additional Equity Shares or confer 
any right on the part of any shareholder to have any Equity Shares bought back, 
even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not been reached, and/or impair any power 
of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
to the extent permissible by law. The Company is under no obligation to utilize the 
entire amount of Maximum Buyback Size. However, if the Company is not able to 
complete the Buyback equivalent to the Minimum Buyback Size, or is not able to 
utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback within the initial 
half of the Maximum Buyback Period, except for the reasons mentioned in the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the amount held in the escrow account (up to a maximum of 
2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited 
in the Investor Protection and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI, in 
accordance with the SEB! Buyback Regulations. 
The Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by it to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. The Company shall also upload the information regarding the Equity 
Shares bought back by it on its website (www.greatship.com) on a daily basis. 
Eligible sellers who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
respective tax advisors before participating in the Buyback. 
METHOD OF SETTLEMENT 
Settlement of Demat Shares: The Company will pay consideration for the Buyback 
to the Company's Broker on or before every pay-in date for each settlement, as 
applicable to the respective Stock Exchanges where the transaction is executed. 
The Company has opened a depository account ‘The Great Eastern Shipping 
Company Limited - Buyback-2026-27' with Ventura Securities Limited (‘Company 
Demat Account’) for the purpose of Buyback. Demat shares bought back by the 
Company will be transferred into the Company Demat Account by the Company's 
Broker, on recelpt of such Demat Shares and after completion of the clearing and 
settlement obligations of the Stock Exchanges. Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares would be required to transfer the number of such Demat Shares sold to the 
Company pursuant to the Buyback, in favour of their stock broker through whom 
the trade was executed, by offering the delivery instruction slip to their respective 
depository participant ("DP") for debiting their beneficiary account maintained 
with the DP and crediting the same to the broker's pool account as per procedure 
applicable to normal secondary market transactions. The beneficial owners would 
also be required to provide to the Company's Broker coples of all statutory consents 
and approvals required to be obtained by them for the transfer of their Equity Shares 
to the Company as referred to in paragraph 14.2 of Part B. 
Extingulshment of Demat Shares: The Demat Shares bought back by tha Company 
shall be extinguished and destroyed in the manner specified in the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Depositcries and Participants) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended and the bye-laws, the circulars, and guidelines framed thereunder, each as 
amended from time to time, in the manner specified in the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and the Companies Act. The Equity Shares lying in credit in the Company Demat 
Account will be extinguished within 15 (fifteen) days of the succeeding month of the 
month in which Equity Shares are accepted provided that the Company undertakes 
to ensure that all Demat Shares bought back by the Company are extinguished 
within 7 (seven) Working Days from the expiry of the Buyback period. 
Consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company shall be paid only 
by way of cash. 
BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited was incorporated on August 
3, 1948, under the Indian Companies Act, 1913. The CIN of the Company is 
L35110MH1948PLC006472. The Company's registered office is at Ocean House, 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400018. 
The Company is a private sector shipping service provider with presence in the 
intemational maritime industry. The shipping business operates under two main 
businesses: dry bulk carriers and tankers. This involves services of transportation of 
crude oil, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commodities. 
The Company's current fleet stands at 40 vessels, comprising 25 tankers (5 crude 
tankers, 16 product tankers, 4 LPG carriers) and 15 dry bulk carriers (2 Capesize, 10 
Kamsarnax, 1 Ultramax, 2 Supramax) aggregating 3.24 mn dwt. 
Greatship (India) Limited (GIL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is 
engaged in providing offshore oilfield services with the principal activity of offshore 
logistics and drilling services. GIL, alongwith its subsidiaries, currently owns and 
operates nineteen vessels and four Jack up drilling rigs. The fleet of nineteen vessels 
comprises of 6 Platform Supply Vessels (PSVs) (including 4 R-Class Supply Vessels), 
9 Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessels (AHTSVs) and 2 Multi-purpose Platform 
Supply and Support Vessels (MPSSVs). 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
. The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 
standalone financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and 
audited standalone financlal statements for the financial years ended March 31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below:   7.2. Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss - Standalone             
    
      
      
          
                                      
    
        Mahindra Bank Limited who has been appointed as escrow banker (“Escrow 
Bank’) pursuant to which the Company has opened an escrow account in the name 
  
    
  
    
            
                      
  
  
    
      
      
          
    
    
          
      
    
  
      
                                                
  
    
  
  
  (INR crore) 
é d and style “GESCO - Buyback 2026 Escrow Account” (“Escrow Account’). The 
Particulars For the three | For the twelve months perlod ended Company has authorized the Manager to the Buyback to operate the Escrow Account 
months March 31, | March 31, | March 31, in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Escrow Agreement. The 
perlod ended 2026 2025 2024 Company will deposit in the Escrow Account an amount in cash aggregating to INR 
June 30, 2026 225,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty Five Crores only), being 
Revenue from 1,554 3,659 3,830 4,165 25% of the Maximum Buyback Size in the Escrow Account ("Escrow Amount’) in 
operations accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Other income 265 761 884 559] } 8.2 The funds in the Escrow Account may be released for making payment to the 
Total Income 4,819 4,420 4,713 4,724 shareholders subject to at least 2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size remaining in 
Total expenses 438 1,285 1,687 1.674 the Escrow Account at all points In time. 
excluding interest, 8.3. The balance lying to the credit of the Escrow Account will be released to the Company 
depreciation, in compliance with SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
amortization & tax 8.4 If the Company is unable to complete Buyback equivalent to Minimum Buyback 
Interest 19 105 168 198 Size, or is not able to utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the 
Foti Buyback i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores D ti 1 27 4 anortivation and 66 594 5 55 only) within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening 
7 = of the Buyback, except for reasons mentioned In the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
Impairment on certain - - 69 - the amount held in the Escrow Account (up to a maximum of 2.5% of the Maximum 
assets Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited in the Investor Protection 
Profit before tax 1,195 2,426 2,262 2,397 and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI in accordance with the SEBI 
Provision for tax {incl. 38 70 98 80 Buyback Regulations. 
deferred tax) 9. FIRM FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
Profit after tax 1,157 2,356 2,166 2,316 | } 9.1 The Company, duly authorized by its Board, has identified and earmarked funds for 
Other comprehensive (2) (8) (19) 2 the purpose of fulfillment of its obligation under the Buyback. Such earmarked funds 
Income / (loss), net are in excess of the Maximum Buyback Size. 
of tax 9.2 Based on the resolution of the Board dated August 27, 2026 in this regard, and other 
Total comprehensive 1,155 2,348 2,148 2,319 facts/documents, Kashyap Vaidya & Company (Proprietor- Membership Number 
income 032032), Chartered Accountants, have certified, vide their letter dated August 27, 
. 2026, that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the 
ansial Naule atone obligations under the Buyback. 
(INR crore, except per share data) } 93 The Manager to the Buyback, having regard to the above, confirms that firm 
Particulars As at and for the period ended alrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are In place. 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, 10. LISTING DETAILS AND STOCK MARKET DATA 
- - 2026 2026 2025 2024 10.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143] } 40.2 The high, low and average prices for the preceding three years and the monthly 
Reserves and Surplus 14,775 13,787 11,850 10,204 high, low and average prices for the six months preceding the date of this Public 
Net Worth/ Shareholders 14,917 13,930 11,993 10,346 Announcement and the corresponding volumes on BSE and the NSE, are as follows: 
Equity © BSE 
@ 
Total Debt 798 1,049 1,499 2,227 Twelve | High (4)| Date of | No.of | Low* |Dateof| No. of | Average Total 
Key Financial Ratlos months| (INR) | High | Equity | (INR} low | Equity | price@ | volume 
Eamings per Share @)} 81.05 165.06 151.73 162.25 Period Shares Shares | (INR) traded In 
(Basic) © ended traded traded the period 
Book value per Share @%) 1,044.87 975.69 840.02 724.70 on that on thet 
| © Debt-Equlty Ratlo 0.05 0.08 0.12 0.22 31-Mar-| 1,051.50 | 05-Mar-| 52,704 | 623.70 |O5Apr-| 5,133 | 624.10 | 87,05,610 Retum on Net Worth (%) © 20.96 16.92 18.06 22.39 24 24 23 
Notes: 341-Mar- | 1,542.80] 11-Jul- |7,96,308) 797.25 | O4- | 28,859 | 1,114.12 | 1,62,59,193 
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus. 25 24 Mar-25 
2) Total debt includes long-term barrowings and short-term borrowings. 31-Mar- | 1,508.15 | 13-Mar- | 94,017 | 817.20 [O7-Apr-| 6.877 | 1,065.19 | 62,79,17 
3) Eamings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity Shares for 26 26 26 
the pariod. Last | High (*)| Date of] No.of | Low* |Dateof] No.of | Average | Total 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the period. six | (INR) | High | Equity | (INR} | low | Equity | price® | volume 
5) _Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the pertod. months Snares Shares INR fevered 
6) Retum on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three months on that on that 
ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 months ending date date 
June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, 2026. Feb-26 | 1,274.45 | 25-Fab-| 33,047 | 1,126.10| o1- | 23,795 | 1,205.77 | 617,017 
7) Figures for thrae months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the unaudited 26 Feb-26 
limited review financial statements for three months ended June 30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 have been taken from Mar-26 | 1,509.15 uMer 94,017 | 1,290.00 Moos 61,805 | 1,405.44 | 10,04,811 
audited sfandaione financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the year lar 
ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for yeer ended March 31, 2024 have been faken Apr-26 | 1,590.00 | 29-Apr- | 3,85,339] 1,322.55 | 13-Apr-] 16,200 | 1,432.22 | 8,87,446 
from audited standalone financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the 26 26 
year ended on March 31, 2024. May-26 | 1,798.00 | 19-May-|6,35,588| 1,410.00) 29- | 1,40,969] 1,582.67 | 42,26,847 
The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 26 May-26 
consolidated financial statements for the 3 {thres) months ended June 30, 2026, and Jun-26 | 1,538.80 | 03-Jun- | 30,574 | 1,350.95 | 11-Jun-| 39,087 | 1,449.49 | 8,390,157 
audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 26 26 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below: duk26 | 1,508.30) O1-Jul- | 64,323 | 1,333.00 | 17-Jul- | 32,635 | 1,400.06 | 8,17,609 
7 26 26 Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss — Consolidated 
(INR crore) Source: BSE . . ; _ 
4 High is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Particulars For the three | For the twelve months period # Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Compeny during the seid period 
months onded @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period 
period ended | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, S 
June 30, 2026 | 2926 2025 2024 NSE 
5, ‘Twelve | High (4) | Date of | No. of Low |Dateof| No.of |Average| Total volume Revenue from operations 2,005 5,409 5,323 5,255 months| (NR) | High Equity ane) | tow | equity | price® | traded in the 
Other income 281 903 834 664 perlod Shares Shares INR perfod 
Total Income 2,286 6,312 6,157 5,919 ended traded on traded on 
Total expenses excluding 668 2,261 2,584 2,247 that date that date 
interest, depreciation, 31-Mar- | 1,052.00 | 05-Mar-] 9,15,491 | 623.65 | O5-Apr- | 2,98,276 | 824.23 | 10,13,64,012 
amortization & tax 24 24 23 
Interest 20 136 236 265 31-Mar- | 1,543.70 | 11-Jul- | 1,80,69,056 | 797.50 |04-Mar-| 653,156 | 1,114.45 | 21,08,32,645 
Depreciation and 234 889 813 726 25 24 CJ 
amortization ‘31-Mar- | 1,509.00 | 13-Mar-| 12,02,406 | 802.25 |07-Apr-| 3,15,363 | 1,065.82] 12,46,04,199 
Impairment on certain - - 61 (13) 26 26 25 
assets 
Profit before tax 1,365 3,026 2,462 2,694 Last six or ° nate <f No. of low Pate a we ot Average real volume 
Provision for tax (Incl. 56 83 117 80 months} (INR) | Hig! Guy AINR) | low out POR varied 
deferred tax) at traded on traded on 
Profit after tax 1,309 2,943 2,344 2,614 that date that date 
Other comprehensive (6) 172 19 0 Feb-26 | 1,375.00 | 25-Feb-| 5,59,062 | 1,125.00 }01-Feb-| 3,34,493 | 1,296.02) 94,08,128 
Income / (loss), net of tax 26 26 
Total comprehensive 1,303 3,114 2,363 2,615 Mar-26 | 1,509.00 | 13-Mar-| 12,02,406 | 1,290.10 | 04-Mar-| 6,03,009 | 1,405.55] 1,39,17,013 
income 26 26 
ancia ed Apr-26 | 1,590.80 | 29-Apr- | 25,00,676 | 1,320.00 | 13-Apr- | 4,69,571 | 1,432.47) 1,23,59,445 
26 26 
INR crore, except per share data) May-26 | 1,798.00 |19-May-| 73,26,701 | 1,410.00| 29. | 24,47,379|1,503.13| 5,15,61,058 
Particulars As at and for the perlod ended 26 May-26 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, dun-26 | 1,536.00 | 20-Jun- | 11,34,721 | 1,352.10 | 11-Jun- | 840,778 | 1,449.78) 1,52,18,012 
2026 2026 2025 2024 28 26 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143 dul-26 | 1,509.20) O1-Jub | 4,97,982 | 1,332.50 | 17-Jul- | 4,44,699 | 1,400.20) 92,62,237 
Reserves and Surplus 17,956| _16,820| _14,116| 12,255 Lt 26 26 
jource: NSE wt iy Shareholders 18,099 16,962 14,259 12,397 A High is the highest price ct for the Equity Share of the ny during the seid period 
# Low is the iowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Total Debt 799 1,049 2,155 3,031 @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period 
Key Financial Ratlos 10.3 The stock prices on the Stock Exchanges on relevant dates are: 
Eamings per Share (%) 91.68 206.11 164.20 183.11 Data | Description BSE NSE 
(Basic) ©) 
High Low | Closing} High Low | Closing “ 1,267.72 1,188.12 998.77 868.37 Book value per Share (®) (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) 
Deb Equity Ratio ™ Dos 006 os ot ‘August | Day pri 1,329.00 | 1,290.25 | 1,311.45 | 1,329.80 | 1,201.50 | 1,311.30 Retum on Net Worth (%) © 20.70 17.35 16.44 21.08 ee a csice, 1329.00 | 1,280.25 | 1,311.18 | 1,320.80 | 1,291.50 | 1,311.3 
Notes: 2026 | of Board 
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus. Meeting to 
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings. ome 
3) ~~ Eamings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity of Buyback 
Shares for the period. was given 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the to Stock 
period Exchanges 
5) —Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period. August | Date on 1,345.90 | 1,314.00 | 1,329.00 | 1,346.00 | 1,318.00 | 1,333.00 
6) Retum on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three 24, | which notice 
months ended Jurie 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 2026 | of the Board 
months ending June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, Meeting to 
2026. consider 
. proposal 
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the of Buyback 
unaudited limited review financial statements for three months ended June was given 
30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 to Stock 
have been taken from audited consolidated financial statements of the Exchanges 
Company under ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year 
ended March 31, 2024 have been taken from audited consolidated financial August | Board 1,342.00 | 1,313.00 | 1,316.35 | 1,341.80 | 1,311.50 | 1,317.20 
statements of the Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 27, | Meeting day 
2024. 2026 
DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN August | First trading | 1,362.15 | 1,321.55 | 1,338.95 | 1,363.00 | 1,321.20 | 1,339.60 
In accordance with Regulation 20 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and towards os oy Post 
security for performance of its obligations under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the oa 
Company has entered into an escrow agreement dated August 27, 2026 ("Escrow Meeting day 
Agreement”) with the Manager to the Buyback (as defined hereinafter) and Kotak                       
   
fara wee ag feeett | ear, 31 arnat 2026 13 
  
  11. PRESENT CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN 
11.1 The capital structure of the Company, as on the date of this Public Announcement 
and the proposed capital structure of the Company post completion of the Buyback 
is set forth below: 
    
  
  (Amounts in INR) 
Particulars of share capital Pre-Buyback Post-Buyback* 
Authorised: 
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 3,00,00,00,000 3,00,00,00,000 
INR 10/- each 
20,00,00,000 Preference Shares 2,00,00,00,000 2,00,00,00,000 
of INR 10/- each 
Issued: 
14,31,53,522 Equity Shares of 1,43,15,35,220 1,37,27,11,700 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up 
Subscribed and fully paid up: 
14,27,67,161 Equity Shares of 1,42,76,71,610 1,36,88,48,090 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up           
* Assuming the Company buys back the Maximum Buyback Shares. The capital 
structure post completion of the Buyback may differ depending on the actual number 
of Equity Shares bought back under the Buyback. 
11.2 The shareholding pattern of the Company as on August 21, 2026 ("Pre-Buyback’) 
and the post Buyback shareholding pattern, is as follows:     
  
  
  
  
        Category of shareholder Pre Buyback Post Buyback* 
Number % to the Number | % to the 
of Equity existing of Equity | existing 
Shares equity Shares equity 
share share 
capital capital 
Promoter and Promoter 4,29,36,248 30.07} 4,29,36,248 31.37 
Group along with the 
persons acting in the 
concert, (collectively “the 
promoter”) 
Forelgn Investors {Including | 4,25,91,979 29.83 
FPIs, Flls, Non-Resident 
Indians, Foreign Banks, 
Overseas Corporate 
Bodies) 
Mutual Funds, Financial 1,78,31,858 12.49] 9,39,48,561 68.63 
Institutions/ Banks, 
AIFs, NBFCs, Insurance 
Companies 
Others (Individuals, Bodies | 3,94,07,076 27.60 
Corporate, Trusts etc.) 
Total 14,27,67,161| 100.00 | 13,68,84,809| 100.00         
* Assuming that as a part of the Buyback, Meximum Buyback Shares are bought 
back. The shareholding, post completion of the Buyback, may differ depending upon 
the actual number of Equity Shares bought back in the Buyback. 
11.3 As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no Equity Shares which are 
partly paid-up, or with calls in arrears. 
11.4 As on the date of this Public Announcement there are no outstanding instruments, 
including Employee Stock Options under the employee stock option plan, convertible 
into Equity Shares. 
12. DETAILS OF PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP, PERSONS 
IN CONTROL AND DIRECTORS OF PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP 
SHAREHOLDING AND OTHER DETAILS 
12.1 For the details of aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter 
group, persons in control of the Company, directors of the promoters and members 
of the promoter group (where the promoter or the member of the promoter group is 
a company), directors and key managerial personnel as on the date of this Public 
Announcement, please refer to paragraph 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3 of Part A above. 
12.2 For details of Equity Shares sold or purchased by the persons mentioned in 
paragraph 12.1 above during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date 
of this Public Announcement and 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board 
Meating, please refer to paragraph 8.4 of Part A above. 
13. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY 
13.1 The Buyback is generally expected to improve retum on equity and improve earings 
per share by reduction in the equity base, thereby leading to increase in members’ 
value over the long term. The amount required by the Company for the Buyback 
(including the cost of financing the Buyback and the Transaction Costs) will be 
invested out of cash and bank balances/deposits and/or short-term investments and/ 
or internal accruals of the Company.   13.2 The Buyback is not expected to impact growth opportunities for the Company in any 
material way. 
13.3 Pursuant to Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters are 
not entitled to participate under the Buyback. 
13.4 The Buyback of Equity Shares will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect 
the existing management structure of the Company. 
13.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought 
back from the shareholders excluding the Promoters, the shareholding pattem of the 
Company would undergo a change, however public shareholding shall not fall below 
25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. 
13.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 
4(ii)) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and 
unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the paid-up 
equity share capital and free reserves post the Buyback, based on the standalone or 
consolidated financial statements of the Company, whichever is lower. 
13.7 Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Buyback will be completed within 
a maximum period of 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening of 
the Buyback. The Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after this Public 
Announcement has been made. 
13.8 In accordance with Regulation 24 (i)(f} of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 (ene) year from the expiry 
of the Buyback period, except in discharge of its subsisting obligations and in 
accordance with Regulation 24{i)(b) of the SEB! Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities including by way 
of bonus till the expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares. 
13.9 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company from Its shareholders (other than from Its promoters and promoter 
group), the shareholding pattern of the Company would undergo a change; however 
public shareholding shall not fall below 25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share 
capttal of the Company. 
13.10The Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value 
of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption 
reserve account and the detalls of such transfer shall be disclosed In Its subsequent 
audited balance sheet. 
13.11 The aggregate shareholding of the promoters as on date of this Public Announcement 
Is 30.07% of the total Equity Share capltal of the Company. While the promoters 
and promoter group are not eligible to participate in the Buyback, depending on the 
number of Equity Shares bought back by the Company, their effective shareholding 
percentage In the Company, will Increase marginally. 
13.12Such an increase in the percentage holding/voting rights of the promoters and 
promoter group is not an active acquisition and is incidental to the Buyback and falls 
within the Ilmits prescribed under the SEBI (Substantial Acquisttion of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. 
14. STATUTORY AND OTHER APPROVALS 
14.1 Pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and the provisions of the SEB! Buyback 
Regulations and Article 65 of Articles of Association of the Company, the Board at its 
meeting held on August 27, 2026 approved the proposal for the Buyback. 
14.2 Buyback from each shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
shareholders shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
and/ or Appropriate Authorities, if any) as may be required by them in order to sell 
thelr Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. Shareholders would 
be required to provide copies of such consents and approvals obtained by them to 
the Company's Broker. 
14.3 The Buyback from erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable 
categories shall be subject to such approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, as amended from time to time. 
14.4 To the best knowledge of the Company, as on the date hereof, there is no other 
statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback, other than 
that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable 
subsequently, the Buyback offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approval(s) and subject to the obligations of the eligible shareholders to obtain the 
consents and approvals necessary for transfer of their Equity Shares to the Company 
as set out under paragraph 14.2 above, the Company shall obtain such statutory or 
regulatory approvals, as may be required from time to time, if any, for completion of 
the Company's obligations in relation to the Buyback. 
15. COLLECTION AND BIDDING CENTRES 
The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges using their nationwide trading terminals. Therefore, 
the requirement of having collection centres and bidding centres is not applicable.   16. POTENTIAL IMPACT OF SUBSISTING OBLIGATIONS 
As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no outstanding instruments 
convertible into Equity Shares. There is no potential impact of subsisting obligations. 
17. COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarification to or address their 
grievances, if any, during office hours, i.e., 10:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on all Working 
Days except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays. 
Mr. Anand Punde 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Ocean House, 134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 
Tal.: +91 22 66613000 
Email: shares@oreatship.com 
18. REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE 
In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact KFin Technologies Limited, 
the Registrar to the Buyback, and Issue and Share Transfer Agent of the Company 
and appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, at the 
following address: 
AS KFINTECH XPERIENCE TRANSTORMATIO 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Address: Selenium, Tower B, Plot No-31 and 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India 
Contact Person: Mr. Anil Dalvi 
Tal. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 7961 1000 
Toll Free No.: 18003094001 
Email: greatship. buyback@\kfintech.com 
Website: www. kfintech.com 
Investor Grievance E-mail: ci 
SEBI Registration Number: INRO00000221 
Validity Period: Permanent Registration 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
19. MERCHANT BANKER TO THE BUYBACK 
The Company has appointed the following as Merchant Banker to the Buyback: 
kotak’ 
Investment Banking 
  Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited 
Address: 27BKC, 1" Floor, Plot No. C-27, ‘G' Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Contact Person: Mr. Ganesh Rane 
Tel. No.: +91 22 4336 0758 
Fax No.: +91 22 6713 2447 
Email: geship,buyback2026@kotak.com 
Website: https.//investmentbank.kotak.com/ 
SEBI Reglstration Number: INM000008704 
Validity Period: Permanent Registration 
CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050 
20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 
As per Regulation 24({i)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors 
of the Company accepts responsibility for all the information contained in this 
Public Announcement and for the information contained in all other advertisements, 
circulars, brochures, publicity materials etc. which may be issued in relation to the 
Buyback and confirm that this Public Announcement contains true, factual and 
material information and does not contain any misleading information. 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Mr. Bharat K. Sheth Mr. Kekl Mistry Mr. Anand Punde 
Chairman & Managing Director Independent Director Company Secretary 
DIN: 00022102 DIN: 00008886 
Place : Mumbai 
Date : August 29, 2026       
  
Navigate markets 
with focused insight. 4 
Get daily sector trends, market movers, 
and sharp insights — every day with Pe eS Se) 
(CIN: L46411G.J1974PLC176953) eR ea aK ROR OR ae ceo Uc Crees ILL} 
Contact No.: +91 7219424588 | Emall ID: antarikshindustriesimited@gmail.com | 
aie ea NL 
  Recommendations of the Comnities of Independent Directors (1DG") on the Open Offer to the Publle Sheraholdere of Antatksh Industries Limited 
(Antariksh’?Target Company”) under Regustion 26(7) of Securities and Exchange Board of Inda (Substantial Acquision of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 20/1 and subsequent amendments thereto (SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2041").       4) [Date ‘August 28, 2028 
Name of tha Target Company CTC") Antarih Industies Linited 
Details of the Open Offer pertaining to | The Opan Offer is made by the Acquirer along with the PAG in tars of Regulations 3(1) and 4 of SEBI 
Target Company (SAST) Regulations, 2011 for aoquision of up to 6,31,785 fully paid-up Equity Shares having face 
vali of 710 gach represanting 28.00% of Emerging Voting Shara Capital of the Target Company at 
a price of £86.00 per Equity Share from the Eligible Equity Sherehokdere of the Taryet Company in terms of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011.   
4)_|Nama of the Acquirer and the PAC Mr. Apitkurar Praninchandra Gor (‘Acquirer’) and Ricki Infocom Solutions LLP CPAC")   
3)_|Name of the Manager to the Offer   ark Canons Adios Pete Linked (SBI eg, Nox NOOO 228 
    The Compass in Business Standard. ©) | Members ofthe Commitee of independent |_1. | Mr. Herharayan Ramanand Tipe (DIN: 07725777) Chairman 
Directors: 2. | Mr. Hardikkumer Dhirubhal Jetani (DIN: 11308376) Member 
3, | Mr. Jain Jigar Nerrichand {DIN: 11308370) Member         
IDC members are Independent Directors on the Board of the Target Company. They do not have any 
Equity holding in the Target Company. They have neither entered nto any other coniract nor have 7) |IDG Member's relationship with the TC To book your copy, SMS reachbs to Preytanbets ons th te °c 
  57575 or email order@bsmail.in contri! relationship), if any other relationship wih the Target Company. 
8) | Trading In the Equty Sharasiother None of the members of the IDC have traded In any of the Equity Shares! Securties of the Target 
‘Securities of tha TC by IDG Members. Company during the: 
(2) 12 months period preceding the date of the PA: and 
{b)__perlod fram the date of the PA and til the date of this recommendation. 
Netther the IDC Members are Directors in companies whore nominees of the Acquirer and the PAC 
‘are acting as Director(s} nor they have any relationship with the Acquirer or the PAC In thelr 
personal capacities,   
9) IDG Member's relationship with the Acqurer 
Jand the PAG (Director, Equity Shares 
Jowned, any other contractrelationship), I 
any 
Trading in the Equity Shares/other securities 
lof the Acquirers by IDC Members 
11) | Recommendation on the Open offer, as to 
whether the offer is fair and reasonable   
10) Nat Applicable.   
Based on a review of the relevant information (2s set out in the summary of reasons for recommendation 
below), the IDC is of the opinion that the Offer Price of & 66.00 per Equity Share is in accordance with 
the applicable regulations being SEBI {SAST) Reguations 2011 and accordingly. is fair and reasonable, 
IDC has taken into consideration the following for making the recommendation: 
IDC has reviewed (a) The Pubic Announcement (PA"} dated June 26, 2026 in connection with the. 
Offer issued on behalf of the Acquirer and the PAC; (b} The Detaled Public Siatament ("DPS") dated 
July 09, 2028; and (0) The Letter of Offer (LoF") dated August 20, 2028, 
Based on the review of PA, DPS and LoF, the IDC is of the opinion that the Offer Price of £85.00 per 
Equity Share for public sharchokders offered by the Acquirer along with the PAC (more than the 
highest price amongst the selective criteria mentioned under Justification of Offer Price) is in line with 
{the reguation prescribed by SEB! under the Regulations and prima facie appears to be justified. 
However, the Public Shareholders should Independently evaluate the Offer and take Informed decision 
inthe matter. 
‘The recommendations were unanimously approved by the members of the IDC: present at the meeting held on August 29, 2028. 
14} | Details of Independent Advisors, if any: None 
15} [Any other matter(s) fo be highlighted None 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, after making proper enquiry, the information contained in or accompanying this statement is, in all material respect, 
true and oorract and not misleading, whether by orrigsion of any information or otherwise, and includes all the information required to be disclosed by the 
‘Target Company under the SEBI (SAST) Regustions, 2011.   
12) | Summary of reasons for recommendation 
  
  13} | Disclosure of Voting Pattern of IDC               
For and on behalf of Business Standard ss cunt te a 
Insight Out _, 
Harinerayan Ramanand Tripathi 
ChainmantIDC 
(DIN: 07725777) Date : August 29, 2026 
Place : Ahmedabad           
     
   was aie 
maratl pressjournal.in Fas, AAA , 22 SITET 20RE 
  
THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED 
Reglstered Office: Ocean House, 134/A, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 * CIN: L35110MH1948PLC006472 
    
FOR THE ATTENTION OF HOLDERS OF THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE GREAT 
EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”) FOR THE BUYBACK 
OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH STOCK EXCHANGES 
UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (BUY-BACK OF 
SECURITIES) REGULATIONS, 2018, AS AMENDED. 
This public announcement (the “Public Announcement’) is being made in relation to the 
Buyback (as defined hereinafter) of Equity Shares (as defined hereinafter) of tha Company 
from the open market through stock exchange mechanism, pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 16{iv)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s) 
from time to time) (the "SEBI Buyback Regulations”) and contains the disclosures, as 
specified in Schedule IV read with Schedule | of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Certain figures contained In this Publle Announcement, Including financial Information, 
have been subject to rounding-off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two 
decimal points. In certain instances, (i} the sum or percentage change of such numbers 
may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a 
column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that 
column or row. Further, certain numerical information in this Public Anncuncement has 
been presented in ‘crore’. One crore represents 10 million, i.e. 10,000,000. 
“Working Day” means any working day of the SEBI (as defined hereinafter). 
BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES FROM THE OPEN MARKET THROUGH THE STOCK 
EXCHANGES. 
PART A - DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE | OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS, 
1. DETAILS OF BUYBACK OFFER AND OFFER PRICE 
1.1 Pursuant to the provisions of Article 65 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, If any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to 
time (the “Companies Act’) (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactments from time to time), the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India {Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI LODR Regulations") 
(including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactments from time 
to time), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and 
exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI"), the stock exchanges 
on which the equity shares of the Company are listed (the “Stock Exchanges’), 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA"), Registrar of Companies (the “RoC*) and/ 
or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, 
MCA, and RoC, the “Appropriate Authorities”), as may be necessary, and subject 
to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications, If any, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by the Appropriate Authorities, while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Board", which 
term shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers), 
the Board at its meeting held on August 27, 2026 (“Board Meeting’) approved the 
buyback by the Company of its fully paid-up Equity Shares of the face value of INR 
10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) (“Equity Shares”) of the Company, each from its 
sharsholders/ beneficial owners (other than those who are promoters, members of 
the promoter group or persons in control of the Company) from the open market 
through Steck Exchange mechanism i.e., using the electronic trading facilities of 
the Stock Exchanges, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 900,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) ("Maximum Buyback Size”), and at a 
price not exceeding INR 1,530/- {Indlan Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and 
Thirty only) per Equity Share (“Maximum Buyback Price”), payable in cash (the 
process being referred to as “Buyback”). The Maximum Buyback Size does not 
include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, turnover charges, applicable taxes such 
as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, intermediary 
fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and 
other incidental and related expenses, etc (collectively referred to as “Transaction 
Costs"). 
The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 
Company’s fully paid-up Equity Share Capital and free reserves based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company). Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size 
is lass than 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 
Company based on both audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 1.2 
68(2)(b) of the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEB! Buyback 
Regulations, approval from the shareholders of the Company is not required under 
the applicable laws. 
At the Maximum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares 
(‘Maximum Buyback Shares”), representing 4.12% {which will not exceed 25%) 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up Equity Share Capital of 
the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board Meeting and 
Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the 
Maximum Buyback Price, the number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed 
the Maximum Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback 
Size) but will always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
The Company shall utilize at least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size i.e., INR 
675,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) 
(Minimum Buyback Size") towards the Buyback and based on the Minimum 
Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company would purchase a 
minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and 
Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum Buyback Size, i.e., 
INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) shall be 
utilized within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer. 
In accordance with Regulation 17(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Buyback offer shall open within 4 (four) Working Days from the date of this Public 
Announcement and close within 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of the 
opening of the Buyback offer (‘Maximum Buyback Period”). The Board shall 
determine, at its discretion, the time frame for completion of the Buyback and may 
close the Buyback which shall not be later than the Maximum Buyback Period after 
the Minimum Buyback Size has been reached and irrespective of whether the 
Maximum Buyback Size has or has not been reached, after giving appropriate notice 
for such closure and on completing all formalities in this regard, in accordance with 
the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Buyback will be implemented by the Company from its free reserves, the 
securities premium account or such other sources as may be permitted by law 
and in accordance with Section 68(1) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ix) 
of the SEB] Buyback Regulations, and In accordance with Regulation 4(Iv}(b){Il) 
and proviso to Regulation 5(/}(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, by way of open 
market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism 
except ‘all or none’ order matching system as provided under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. 
The Buyback is subject to such sanctions and approvals as may be required under 
applicable laws and regulations. The Buyback from shareholders/ beneficial owners, 
who are persons resident outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors/ 
foreign institutional investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and non-resident 
Indians, if any, shall be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required, 
including approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and the 
same shall be procured by such shareholders, if applicable. 
Acopy of this Public Announcement will be made available on the Company's website 
(www.greatship.com) and is expacted to be available on the website of SEBI (www. 
sabi.gov.in), website of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (www. 
nsgindia.com), website of BSE Limited (“BSE”) (www.bseindia.com) and website of 
the Manager to the Buyback # nk.kotak. during the period 
of the Buyback. 
In addition to publication of this Public Announcement and its availability on the 
websites of the Company, SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, the Company shall 
disseminate Information regarding the Buyback to all shareholders of the Company 
holding Equity Shares on the date of making this Public Announcement, through 
electronic means, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Buy-Back of 
Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 (effective from August 1, 2026), which 
re-introduced the open market buyback route through the Stock Exchanges. 
2. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK 
2.1 In continuation of the Company's efforts to effectively utilize Its resources, It Is 
proposed to undertake the Buyback of its own Equity Shares. The Buyback is being 
undertaken, inter alia, for the following reasons: 1.3 
14 
15 
16 
17 
1.8 
  19 
          
    
    
  
        
      
    
    
                            
            
              
  
                      
        
  
  
            
  
  
                  
  
    
                  Tel: +91 22 66613000 * Website: www.areatship.com « E-mall: shares@areatship.com * Contact Person: Mr. Anand Punde — Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT 
(iv) The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
Company (except the promoters, promoter group and the person in control of the No. E Sh fully diluted bas!: 
Company), who can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be 2 quity Shares | (on a fully dllu s) 
accepted under the Buyback offer or they may choose not to participate and enjoy Promoters & Promoter Group 
a resultant increase in retums on their shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without 3 (| Laadki Trading and 61,54,981 4.31% 
any additional investment. Investments Limited 
3. MAXIMUMAMOUNT REQUIRED UNDER THE BUYBACKAND ITS PERCENTAGE 4 | Sachin Mulji 10,55,000 0.74% 
OF THE TOTAL PAID-UP CAPITAL AND FREE RESERVES 5 | Sangita Muli 5,62,415 0.41% 
3.1. The maximum amount of funds required for the Buyback will not exceed INR 6 | Kabir Mul 5,29,615 0.37% 
900,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only), excluding Transaction — —— = Costs. ¢ Peet Mh i 7_| Rosaleen Mulji 4,32,000 0.30% 
3.2 The Maximum Buyback Size represents 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of the 8 | Gopa Investments Co. Pvt. Ltd. 4,24,000 0.30% 
Company’s fully paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves based on the audited 9 |K.M. Sheth 2,78,133 0.19% 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 31, 
2026, respectively (being the latest available audited standalone and consolidated 10 Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
financial statements of the Company), and the same Is within the prescribed limit 11_| Jyoti Bharat Sheth 1,37,796 9.10% 
of 10% of the aggregate total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the 12 | Nisha Viraj Mehta 1,12,037 0.08% 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements . 
of the Company as of March 31, 2026, under the Board approval route as per Section 13 | Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other 14 | Nirja Bharat Sheth 1,05,317 0.07% 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 45 | Arjun Ravi Sheth 50,040 0.04% 
4. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES THAT THE COMPANY PROPOSES 16 | Gopali Mulji - - 
TO BUY- BACK 
4.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the indicative Total 4,28,86,248 30.07% . ¢ Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum ck Size, the indicative includh 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty “including shares held as trustee ae 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares, } 8.2 The aggregate shareholding of the directors of companies which are a part of the 
representing 4.12% (which will not exceed 25%) of the total number of Equity Shares promoter and promoter group of the Company: 
in the total paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and } (j} Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.e., Ladki Trading and Investments 
as on the date of the Board Meeting and Public Announcement. If the Equity Shares Limited) in the Company: 
are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the actual number 3 N f the Directo! Number of % Shareholdi 
of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Maximum Buyback Shares but will r. ame of the Director lumber o} arenoldng always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. No. _ _ Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
4.2 In terms of Regulation 16(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall 1_| Amita Ravi Sheth 1,83,808 0.13% 
utilize at least 75% of the amount earmarked as the Maximum Buyback Size for the 2 | Rahul Ravi Sheth 1,08,521 0.08% 
Buyback, i.e. INR 675,00,00,000/ (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five 3. | Ankit Mamniya - 0.00% 
Crores only}. Based on the Minimum Buyback Size and Maximum Buyback Price, 4_| Rajesh Bhatt 7 0.00% 
the Company would purchase a minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven - 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Total 2,92,329 0.21% 
4.3 In terms of Regulation 15(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company } (ji) Shareholding of directors of the promoter group (i.e., Gopa Investments Co. Pvt Lid) 
shall utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback l.e., INR in the Company: 
360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) within the Sr. Name of the Director Number of % Shareholdin og i" . a 9 
initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. No. Equity Shares | (on a fully dlluted basis) 
44 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back during the Buyback period will 7 | Sachin Muli 10,55,000 0.74% 
depend upon the actual price paid for the Equity Shares bought back and the J _— ~ 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size 2 | Sangita Mulji 5,82,415 0.41% 
and shall not exceed the 25% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. 3. | Kabir Mulji 5,29,615 0.37% 
5. MAXIMUM PRICE FOR BUYBACK OF THE EQUITY SHARES AND BASIS FOR 4 | Pankaj Pandey 1,50,000 0.11% 
ARRIVING AT THE MAXIMUM BUYBACK PRICE = = 
§ | Vijay Udani 21,000 0.01% 
5.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price not 6 |Gopali Mull 0.00% 
exceeding INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) pall Mult - a 
per Equity Share i.e., the Maximum Buyback Price. Total 23,38,030 1.64% 
5.2 The Maximum Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors { 8.3 The aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the 
including, but not limited to, the trends in the volume weighted average market prices Company: 
of the Stock Exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed, possible impact of the 
Buyback on the price earnings ratio, impact on net worth, earings and book value Sr. Name Designation Number | % of Pald-up 
per Equity Share and other financial parameters. No. of Faulty Faulty ane 
5.3 The Maximum Buyback Price per Equity Share represents: < how Shak | Gren ER ar = ap Toe 
(i) a premium of 9.81% and 10.17% over the volume weighted average market price of Shel arman mer s —_— - 
the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during one month preceding the Directors 
date of intimation, i.e., August 24, 2026 (“Intimation Date’) to the Stock Exchanges 2 | Bharat K. Sheth | Chairman and 1,61,19,490* 11.29% 
of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback. Managing Director 
(i) a premium of 17.38% and 17.42% over the volume weighted average market price 3 |RavikK. Sheth | Non-Executive - Non 1,66,63,095* 1.67% 
of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE, respectively, during the two weeks preceding Independent Director 
the Intimation Date. = - . " oo ; 4 | Amitabh Kumar | Non-Executive - - - 
(ii) a premium of 15.12% and 14.78% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on Independent Director 
BSE and NSE, respectively, as on the Intimation Date. ; ; ; 6 |Bhavna Doshi | Non-Executive - 7,1928 0.00% 
5.4 Shareholders are advised that the Buyback of the Equity Shares will be carried Independent Director 
out through the Stock Exchanges by the Company, in its sole discretion, based on, = 
amongst other things, the prevailing market prices of the Equity Shares, which may 6 | Kalpana Non-Executive - . . 
be below the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Morparla Independent Director 
Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share. 7 | Keki Mistry Non-Executive - - - 
6. COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION 4 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS Independent Director 
In terms of the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the offer for Buyback 8 | Raju Shukla Non-Executive - - - 
under board approval cannot be made for 10% or more of the total paid-up equity Independent Director 
capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the standalone or consolidated 9 | Ranjit Pandit Non-Executive - - - 
financial statements of the Company, whichever sets out a lower amount. As per the Independent Director 
latest audited balance sheet of the Company as of March 31, 2026, the total paid-up Shi " 
Equity Share capital and free reserves are as follows: 10 | Shivshankar Non-Executive - - - 
(INR crore) Menon Independent Director 
Particulars Standalone | Consolldated 11). N. Ninan Non-Executive - . . 
Total paid ity capital (A) 142.77 142.77 Independent Director pakt-up equity capital (A) = = 12 [Uday Shanker | Non-Executive - 11,384 0.01% 
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08| 14,046.74 Independent Director 
Total pald-up Equity Share capital and free 12,508.85 14,189.51 43 |G. Shivakumar | Executive Director and 57 0.00% 
reserves (A+B) Chief Financial Officer 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback 1,876.33 Key Managerial Personnel 
under the Regulation 4(iv} of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, i.e., lower of 15% of the total paid- 14 [Anand Punde [Company Secretary 5 0.00% 
up Equity Share capital and free reserves of * including shares held as trustee 
standalone and consolidated financial statements. 8 held jointly with husband as a second holder 
Maximum amount permissible for Buyback with 1,250.89 | § 8.4 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and members of the promoter 
the approval of Board under Section 68(2)(b) of group, persons in control, directors of companies which are a part of the promoter and 
the Companies Act and proviso to Regulation 5(i) promoter group of the Company during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the 
{b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations (10% of the date of this Public Announcement {and during a period of 6 (six) months preceding 
aggregate total paid-up capital and free reserves, the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buyback (i.e., August 27, 2026): 
based on the standalone and consolidated (i) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the promoter and promoter group and 
financial statements of the Company, whichever persons who are in control of the Company: Nil 
sets out a lower amount) - —— = (ii) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the directors of companies which are a part 
Based on the above, the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total paid-up of the promoter and promoter group of the Company: 
Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Company as cf March 31, 2026. Shareholder | Aggregate | Naturecf | Maximum | Dateof | Minimum| Date of 
7. METHOD TO BE ADOPTED FOR BUYBACK AS REFERRED TO IN REGULATION No. of | Transaction | Price (INR) | Maximum | Price | Minimum 
4(Iv)(b}) AND REGULATION 16 OF THE SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS Equity Price (INR) Price 
7.4 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases Shares 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” Purchased 
order matching system, as provided under the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 1 (Sod) 
7.2. In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, except in case of Pankal 5,000) Off-markat Nil June 18, | Nil | June 18, 
transmission or transposttion of securitles, requests for effecting transfer of securities Pandey transfer 2026 2026 
shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a Uday 10,000| Market 990.00 | September] 983.00 | September 
depository. Accordingly, the Buyback is open to beneficial owners holding Equity Shankar Purchase 9, 2025 9, 2025 
Shares in dematerialized form. The promoters, promoter group and the persons in 
control of the Company shall not participate in the Buyback. Further, as required {| 9. INTENTION OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company will not buyback Equity Shares AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO OFFER THEIR EQUITY 
which are locked-in or non-transferable or held in physical form, until the pendency SHARES IN THE BUYBACK 
of such lock-in or until the time such Equity Shares become transferable or until the { 9.1 In terms of Regulation 16(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, since the Buyback is 
time such Equity Shares are converted into dematerialized form ("Demat Shares”), being implemented by way of open market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, 
as applicable. the Buyback shall not be extended to the promoters, promoter group and persons in 
7.3 Inrelation to the Buyback of Demat Shares, the execution of the order, issuance of control of the Company. 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would { 9.2 Further, in compliance with Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
be carried out by the broker, appointed by the Company, in accordance with the neither the promoters nor the promoter group nor his/ their associates shall deal 
requirements of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI. in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through 
8. THE AGGREGATE SHAREHOLDING OF THE PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF the Stock Exchanges or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity 
THE PROMOTER GROUP, THE DIRECTORS OF THE PROMOTER/PROMOTER Shares amongst them) during the period from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
GROUP WHERE PROMOTER/PROMOTER GROUP IS ACOMPANY, DIRECTORS closing of the Buyback. 
AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 9.3 Inaddition to the above, as per Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
Details of the aggregate shareholding of the promoters, members of the promoter the Equity Shares held by the promoters and promoter group including their 
group, directors of the promoters and members of the promoter group (where the associates, for which Buyback is undertaken, shall remain frozen at the Intemational 
Promoter or the member of the promoter group is a company}, persons in control Securities Identification Number {ISIN) level during the period from the date of the 
of the Company, directors and key managerial personnel of the Company as on the Board Meeting till the closing of the Buyback. The transfer of Equity Shares pursuant 
date of the Board Meeting and the date of this Public Announcement, Is below. to invocation of encumbrances created prior to the commencement of Buyback, 
8.1 The aggregate shareholding of the promoters/ promoter group including persons in may be allowed subject to the ze on such Equity Shares continuing to apply (} | The Buyback would result In reduction In outstanding number of Equity Shares and 
consequently increase earings per share and book value per share, based on the 
assumption that the Company would eam similar profits as in the past over a period 
of time; 
(ji) The Buyback would help to effectively utilize available cash; 
(ill) The Buyback may help to Improve return on equity, by reduction In the equity base, 
thereby leading to long-term increase in shareholders’ value. At the same time, it will 
not materially impact the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities; and     control of the Company:   
      
    Sr. | Name of the Shareholder Number of % Shareholding 
No. Equity Shares | (on a fully diluted basis) 
Promoters & Promoter Group 
1_| Ravik. Sheth 1,66,63,095* 11.67% 
2_| Bharat K. Sheth 1,61,19,490* 11.29%         pursuant to invocation of encumbrances, and also subject to the conditions as may 
be specified by SEBI. The operationalization of this ISINJevel freeze mechanism 
is govemed by the SEBI circular dated July 21, 2026, on Operationalization of 
Freezing Holdings of Promoter and Promoter Group {including their associates) at 
the ISIN level under Regulation 24(i)(ea) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and the 
operational guidelines issued by the depositories pursuant thereto. The Company 
has provided necessary instructions to the depositories to give effect to such freezing 
of Equity Shares.      
PA , 22 BTS BORE wa 4 fe 
marathifreepressjournal.in 
    
10. SUBSISTING DEFAULTS 
The Company confirms that there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of 
deposits, interest payment thereon, redemption of debentures or interest payment 
thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any 
shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any 
financial institution or banking company. 
11. CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY 
The Board has confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects. 
of the Company and has formed the opinion that: 
(i) immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board of Directors is 
convened on August 27, 2026, approving the Buyback (“Board Meating Date”), 
there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its. 
debts; 
(ji) as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following the 
Board Meeting Date, having regard to the Board's intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company's business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources which will, in the Board's view, be available to 
the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and 
when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from 
the Board Meeting Date; and 
(ii) in forming the aforesaid opinion, the Board has taken into account the liabilities 
(including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound 
up under the provisions of the Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, as amended. 
12. CONFIRMATION FROM THE COMPANY AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SEBI BUYBACK REGULATIONS AND THE COMPANIES ACT 
() all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully pald-up; 
(i) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities including by way 
of bonus from the date of the Board approving the Buyback till the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion 
of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares 
or debentures into Equity Shares; 
(ii) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further 
capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the 
Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the 
Buyback period; 
(iv) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, shall 
not make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including 
allotment of new shares or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months. 
after the completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or equity 
shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of 
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into Equity Shares; 
(v) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from 
any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or 
through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation 
of the Buyback; 
(vi) the aggregate maximum amount of the Buyback ie. INR 900,00,00,000/- (Indian 
Rupees Nine Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the 
total paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on 
March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 
58,82,352 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) 
Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the Board 
Meeting and Public Announcement; 
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Companies Act (“Scheme”) Involving the Company, and no public 
announcement of the Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme; 
(ix) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash; 
(x) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior 
consent of its lenders in case it results in a breach of any covenant with such lenders; 
(xi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds 
for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback 
and the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and 
physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines; 
(xill) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of 1 (one) year from the date of 
passing of the Board resolution and within such perlod as may be prescribed In the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations; 
(xiv) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of 
the offer of the Buyback is made; 
(xv) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of 
the Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws; 
(xvi) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares; 
(xvii) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, if any or through any 
investment company or group cf investment companies; 
Qwiii)the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act; 
(xix) there are no subsisting defaults In the repayment of deposits, Interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of Interest thereon or redemption 
of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment 
of any term leans or Interest payable thereon to any financial Institution or banking 
company; 
the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked-in or non-transferable, 
until the pendency of such lock-in, or until the time the Equity Shares become 
transferable, as applicable; 
(xxi) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company 
shall not be more than twice the paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves, after 
the Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; 
(xxii) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ 
or such sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the ital redemption reserve 
account and the details of such transfer shall be disclose subsequent audited 
financial statements; 
(adi) Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges; 
(xiv) Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR Regulations; 
(xxv) the Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and In such form as may be prescribed by SEBI so as to 
enable the Stock Exchanges to upload the same on thelr website Immediately; 
(ewi) as per Regulation 24{i)(e} of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters and 
members of promoter group of the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares 
or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges 
or off-market transactions (including inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the 
promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the Board approving 
the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer; and 
(oc) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period 
of one year immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting. 
13. REPORT BY THE COMPANY'S STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The text of the report dated August 27, 2026, received from Deloitte Haskins & Sells 
LLP, the statutory auditor of the Company addressed to the Board of the Company is 
reproduced below: 
Quote 
Ref: MP/2026-27/24 
To, 
The Board of Directors, 
The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited 
Ocean House 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road 
Worl, Mumbai - 400018 
Re: Statutory Auditor's Report In respect of proposed buyback of Equity 
Shares by The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited (“the Company”) In 
terms of Clause {xl) of Schedule | of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
Indla (Buy-Back of Securitles) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the Buyback 
Regulations”) 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter with 
reference no. MP/EL/2026-27/03 dated August 20, 2026. 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved a proposal for buyback of 
Equity Shares by the Company at its meeting held on August 27, 2026, in pursuance 
of the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended 
(the “Act’) and the Buyback Regulations. 
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on 
the accompanying "Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (Including premium) 
    (vil) 
Gail) 
(x) 
    
    based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at 
and for the year ended March 31, 2026” (‘Annexure A’) (hereinafter referred to as. 
the "Statement’). This Statement has been prepared by the Management, which we 
have stamped and initialed for the purposes of identification only. 
Management’s Responsibility 
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2) 
(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) 
of the Buyback Regulations and compliance with the Buyback Regulations, is the 
responsibility of the Management of the Company, Including the computation of the 
amount of the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all 
accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility 
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis. 
of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. 
5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “Insolvent”, the 
Company has applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 
1, Presentation of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the 
Company's ability to continue as a going concem for a period of one year from 
August 27, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into 
the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in 
clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within 
a period of one year from that date of board meeting. The Board of Directors are also 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with all the requirements of the 
Act and Buyback Regulations. 
Auditor's Responsibility 
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to 
provide a reasonable assurance that: 
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026 which were approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their meeting held on May 14, 2026; 
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated In Annexure A, has been 
properly determined considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company, 
in accordance with proviso to Section 68(2)}(b) of the Act, the proviso to Regulation 
4{iv} and the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable; 
and 
the Board of Directors of the Company, in its Meeting held on August 27, 2026 
has formed the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule | to the Buyback 
Regulations, on reasonable grounds that the Company will not, having regard to its 
state of affairs, be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management's Responsibility 
above) within a period of one year from the aforesaid date with regard to which the 
proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting. 
7. Our responsibility did not include the evaluation of adherence by the Company with 
the other applicable provisions/regulations of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, 
in connection with the proposed Buyback. 
8. Nothing contained in this Report, nor anything said or done in the course of, or 
in connection with the services that are subject to this report, will extend any duty 
of care that we may have in our capacity of the statutory auditors of any financial 
statements of the Company. 
9. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
referred to In paragraph 6 above, were audited by us, on which we had Issued an 
unmodified audit opinion in our reports each dated May 14, 2026. We conducted 
our audit of the said annual standalone and consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10} of the 
Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned and performed in 
connection with any transactions to Identify matters that may be of potential Interest 
to third parties. 
10. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”) and 
Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10} of the Companies Act, 2013, 
In so far as applleable for the purpose of this report. The Guldance Note requires that 
we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. 
11. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on 
Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements. Further our examination did not extend to any other parts and aspects 
of a legal or proprietary nature in the aforesaid Buyback. 
12. We have no responsibility to update this Report for events and circumstances 
occurring after the date of this Report. 
Opinion 
13. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that: 
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its annual 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company in their meeting held on May 14, 2026. 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment (including premium) towards the 
proposed buy back of Equity Shares as computed in the Statement attached 
herewith, as Annexure A, in our view, has been properly determined in accordance 
with proviso to Section 68(2}{b) of the Act the proviso ta Regulation 4{iv) and the 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, as applicable. 
iii. |The Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on August 27, 2026 has 
formed opinion as specified in clause {x) of Schedule | to the Buyback Regulations, 
on reasonable grounds that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not 
be rendered insolvent (as defined in Management's Responsibility above) within a 
perlod of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated August 27, 
2026. 
Restriction on use 
14. This Report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the 
Company {I} In connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the 
Company as mentioned in paragraph 2 above, {ii) to enable the Board of Directors of 
the Company to include in the public announcement, and other documents pertaining 
to the proposed buyback to be filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges and any other regulatory authority as 
per applicable law and (b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National 
Securities Depository Limited, and (iii) for sharing with the Merchant Bankers in 
connection with the proposed buyback of Equity Shares by the Company for onward 
submission to relevant authorities In pursuance of the provisions of Section 68 and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be 
suitable for any other purpose. This report should not be used for any other purpose 
without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any 
liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this 
report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. 
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
{Firm's Registration No. 117366W/ W-100018) 
Mehul Parekh 
Partner 
(Membership No. 121513) 
Mumbai, August 27, 2026 UDIN: 261215130XVXSX1420 
Annexure A — Statement of Permissible Capital Payment {Including premium) 
based on annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of Equity 
‘Shares of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited in compliance with proviso 
to Section 68(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act”) read with proviso to 
Regulation 4{iv) and the proviso to Regulation 5{i)(b) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of Indla (Buy-Back of Securities} Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the 
Buyback Regulations”), based on annual audited standalone and consolidated 
financlal statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026. 
                  
        (Rs. In crores) 
Particulars Standalone | Consolidated 
Paid up equity capital as at March 31, 2026 (A) 142.77 142.77 
Free reserves as at March 31, 2026: 
Retained eamings 8,471.03 9,933.41 
Securities premium reserve - 74.76 
General reserve 4,399.70 4,625.67 
Unrealised gain on fair valuation of assets (504.65) (887.10) 
and liabilities as at March 31, 2026 
Total free reserves (B) 12,366.08 14,046.74 
Total pald up Equity capital and free | C=(A+B) 12,508.85 14,189.51 
reserves         
Standalone 
1,250.89 Consolidated 
1,418.95 Particulars 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act, i.e. 10% of the total paid up capital 
and free reserves. 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 4(iv) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 15% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under the proviso to Regulation 5(i}(b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. 10% of the 
total paid up capital and free reserves 
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
under proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of the 
Act and proviso to Regulation 5(|){b) of 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. lower of 
Standalone and Consolidated amounts 
Notes: 
1. The amount of paid-up equity capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2026 have 
been extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026 which 
was approved by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting held on May 14, 2026 
and other relevant supporting records and documents maintained by the Company. 
The Board of Directors have approved a proposal for the Company to buyback its 
own fully paid-up Equity Shares of a face value of Rs. 10/- each for an amount not 
exceeding Rs. 900 crores excluding any transaction costs for a price not exceeding 
Rs. 1,530 per Equity Share from the shareholders of the Company. 
2. Free reserves includes Securities premium reserve as given in Explanation II to 
Section 68 of the Act. 
3. As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation 
of Financial Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concem for a period of one year immediately following the date 
of passing of the Board Meeting resolution dated August 27, 2026. 
For The Great Eastem Shipping Company Limited 
G. Shivakumar 
Executive Director & CFO   
c™10% 
  
C15% 1,876.33 2,128.43 
  
C'10% 1,250.89 1,418.95 
    
1,250.89 
          
Chennai, August 27, 2026 
Unquote 
14. PRIOR APPROVAL FROM THE LENDERS 
As per Regulation 5(i)(¢) and Schedule I{xii} of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, it 
is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenants as per the agreements with 
the lenders and the consent of the lenders has been obtained by the Company for 
undertaking the Buyback. 
PART B — DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SCHEDULE IV OF THE SEBI 
BUYBACK REGULATIONS 
1. DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR BUYBACK 
The Buyback has been approved by the Board in the Board Meeting held on August 
27, 2026. Further, since the Maximum Buyback Size is less than 10% of the total 
paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as of March 
31, 2026, in accordance with the proviso to the Section 68(2)(b} of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 5(i){b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, approval from the 
shareholders of the Company is not required. 
2. MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES PROPOSED TO 
BE BOUGHT BACK, SOURCES OF FUNDS AND COST OF FINANCING THE 
BUYBACK 
2.1 At the Maximum Buyback Price and the Maximum Buyback Size, the Indicative 
maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty Elght 
Lakhs Elghty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two} Equity Shares. If the 
Equity Shares are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the 
actual number of Equity Shares bought back could exceed the Indicative Maximum 
Buyback Shares (assuming full deployment of Maximum Buyback Size) but will 
always be subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. However, the Maximum Buyback 
Shares will not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares In the total pald-up 
Equlty Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and as on the date of the 
Board Meeting and Public Announcement. 
2.2 The actual number of Equity Shares bought back will depend upon the actual price, 
excluding the Transaction Costs, paid for the Equity Shares bought back, and the 
aggregate consideration paid in the Buyback, subject to the Maximum Buyback Size. 
2.3 Further, in accordance with SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall utilize at 
least 75% of tha Maximum Buyback Size for the Buyback i.e., INR 675,00,00,000/- 
(Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Seventy Five Crores only) and based on the 
Minimum Buyback Size and the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company will 
purchase an indicative minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs Eleven Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares. Further, at least 40% of the Maximum 
Buyback Size, i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- {Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty 
Crores only} shall be utilized within the initial half of the Maximum Buyback Period. 
2.4 The Buyback will be funded out of the internal accruals of the Company including 
free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act, and on such terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit. Borrowed funds from banks and financial institutions will not be used 
for the Buyback. In terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the face value of the Equity Shares. 
bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account, and 
the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial 
statements. 
3. PROPOSED TIMETABLE FOR BUYBACK 
Activity 
Date of Board resolution 
approving Buyback 
Date of publication of the 
Public Announcement 
    
Date   
‘August 27, 2026   
August 31, 2026     Date of opening of the | On or before September 4, 2026 
Buyback 
Acceptance of Equity Upon the relevant pay-out by the Stock Exchanges 
Shares accepted in 
dematerialized mode   
  Extinguishment of Equity | The Equity Shares {in dematerialised form) will be 
Shares extinguished in the manner specified in the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the 
bye-laws, circulars and guidelines framed thereunder 
and Regulation 21 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
The Company shall ensure that all Equity Shares 
bought back are extinguished within 7 (seven) Working 
Days of the expiry of the Buyback period 
Last Date for the Earlier of: 
completion of the Buyback {a) December 11, 2026 {that Is 66 working days from 
the date of the opening of the Buyback); or 
{b) when the Company completes the Buyback by 
deploying the amount equivalent to the Maximum 
Buyback Size; or 
{c) at such earlier date as may be determined by the 
Board, after giving notice of such earlier closure, 
subject to the Company having deployed an 
amount equivalent to the Minimum Buyback 
Size (even If the Maximum Buyback Size has not 
been reached or the Maximum Buyback Shares 
have not been bought back in accordance with 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations), however, that 
all payment obligations relating to the Buyback 
shall be completed before the last date for the 
Buyback. 
4. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY TO BE ADOPTED FOR THE BUYBACK 
4.1. The Buyback is open to all shareholders of the Company holding Equity Shares. 
in dematerialized form “Demat Shares". Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form can participate in the Buyback after such Equity Shares are dematerialized by 
approaching depository participant. However, as per Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the Buyback shall not be made from the promoter, members 
of the promoter group, and persons in control of the Company. 
4.2 Further, as required under the Companies Act and SEB] Buyback Regulations, the 
Company will not purchase Equity Shares which are partly paid-up, the Equity Shares 
with call-in-arrears, locked-in Equity Shares or non-transferable Equity Shares, in the 
Buyback, until they become fully paid-up, or until the pendency of such lock-in, or 
until the time such Equity Shares become freely transferable, as applicable. 
4.3 The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases 
through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching mechanism except “all or none” 
order matching system, as provided under the SEBI Buyback Regulations and price- 
time priority-based order matching principle, as provided under Stock Exchange 
circulars, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back 
of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 (effective from 
August 1, 2026) and in accordance with the SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-    
          
     
   maratl pressjournal.in was aie FaS, AAMT, 29 STE 2ORE 
  
  44 
45 
46 
47 
48 
49 2/PICIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
For the Implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Kotak Securitles 
Limited as the registered broker ("Company's Broker”) through whom the purchases 
and settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company. 
The contact details of the Company's Broker are as follows: 
) kotak neo 
Kotak Securities Limited 
27 BKC, C 27, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Contact Person: Tabrez Anwar 
Phone: 1800 209 9191 
Emall: support@kotakneo.com 
SEBI Registration: INZ000200137 
The Equity Shares are traded in dematerialized mode under the scrip code 500620 
at BSE and under the symbol code GESHIP at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares 
of the Company is INEO17A01032. 
The Company, shall, in accordance with the applicable laws, commencing on or 
before September 4, 2026 (i.e. the date of opening of the Buyback), place “buy” 
orders on the Stock Exchanges on the normal trading segment under BO series 
to Buyback the Equity Shares through the Company's Broker, in such quantity and 
at such price, which will be In accordance with Securitles and Exchange Board of 
India (Buy-Back of Securities) (Amendment) Regulations, 2026 dated July 1, 2026 
(effective from August 1, 2026), SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 
dated March 08,2023, Operational Guidance — Amendment to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the Stock 
Exchange circulars, not exceeding the Maximum Buyback Price of INR 1,530/- 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share, as it 
may deem fit. 
Procedure for Buyback of Demat Shares: Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares who desire to sell their Equity Shares in the Buyback, would have to do 
so through their stock broker, who is a registered member of either of the Stock 
Exchanges by indicating to their broker the details of the Equity Shares they intend 
to sell whenever the Company has placed a “buy” order for Buyback of the Equity 
Shares. The Company shall place a “buy” order for Buyback of Demat Shares, by 
Indicating to the Company's Broker, the number of Equity Shares It Intends to buy 
along with a price for the same. The trade would be executed at the price at which 
the order matches the price offered by the beneficial owners and that price would be 
the Buyback price for that beneficial owner. The execution of the order, issuance of 
contract note and delivery of the stock to the member and receipt of payment would 
be carried out by the Company's Broker in accordance with the requirements of the 
Stock Exchanges and SEBI. Orders for Equity Shares can be placed on the trading 
days of the Stock Exchanges. The Company is under no obligation to place “buy” 
order on a dally basis. 
It may be noted that a uniform price would not be paid to all the shareholders/ 
beneficial owners pursuant to the Buyback and that the same would depend on 
the price at which the trade with that particular shareholder/ beneficial owner was. 
executed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Procedure for Buyback of Physical Shares: As per the proviso to Regulation 
40(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/PeD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, transfers of securities shall 
not be processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialized form with a 
depository. In light of this, the Company shall not accept the Equity Shares offered 
under the Buyback unless such Equity Shares are in dematerialized form. 
ACCORDINGLY, ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY HOLDING 
EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AND DESIROUS OF OFFERING 
THEIR EQUITY SHARES IN THE BUYBACK ARE ADVISED TO APPROACH 
THE CONCERNED DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANT TO HAVE THEIR EQUITY 
SHARES DEMATERIALIZED. IN CASE ANY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER HAS 
SUBMITTED EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM FOR DEMATERIALIZATION, 
SUCH SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD ENSURE THAT THE PROCESS OF 
DEMATERIALIZATION IS COMPLETED WELL IN TIME SO THAT THEY CAN 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK BEFORE BUYBACK CLOSING DATE. 
4.10 Shareholders are requested to get in touch with the Manager to the Buyback or the 
4.11 Company's Broker or the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company to 
clarify any doubts in the process. 
Subject to the Company purchasing Equity Shares for an amount equivalent to the 
Minimum Buyback Size, nothing contained herein shall create any obligation on the 
part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any additional Equity Shares or confer 
any right on the part of any shareholder to have any Equity Shares bought back, 
even if the Maximum Buyback Size has not been reached, and/or impair any power 
of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
to the extent permissible by law. The Company is under no obligation to utilize the 
entire amount of Maximum Buyback Size. However, if the Company is not able to 
complete the Buyback equivalent to the Minimum Buyback Size, or is not able to 
utllize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the Buyback within the Initial 
half of the Maximum Buyback Period, except for the reasons mentioned in the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, the amount held in the escrow account (up to a maximum of 
2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited 
in the Investor Protection and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI, in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
4.12 The Company shall submit the Information regarding the Equity Shares bought back 
by it to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations. The Company shall also upload the information regarding the Equity 
Shares bought back by it on its website (www.greatship.com) on a daily basis. 
4.13 Eligible sellers who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
5.2 
5.3 respective tax advisors before participating in the Buyback. 
METHOD OF SETTLEMENT 
Settlement of Demat Shares: The Company will pay consideration for the Buyback 
to the Company's Broker on or before every pay-in date for each settlement, as 
applicable to the respective Stock Exchanges where the transaction is executed. 
The Company has opened a depository account ‘The Great Eastem Shipping 
Company Limited - Buyback-2026-27' with Ventura Securities Limited (‘Company 
Demat Account’) for the purpose of Buyback. Demat shares bought back by the 
Company will be transferred into the Company Demat Account by the Company's 
Broker, on receipt of such Demat Shares and after completion of the clearing and 
settlement obligations of the Stock Exchanges. Beneficial owners holding Demat 
Shares would be required to transfer the number of such Demat Shares sold to the 
Company pursuant to the Buyback, in favour of their stack broker through whom 
the trade was executed, by offering the delivery instruction slip to their respective 
depository participant ("DP") for debiting their beneficiary account maintained 
with the DP and crediting the same to the broker’s pool account as per procedure 
applicable to normal secondary market transactions. The beneficial owners would 
also be required to provide to the Company's Broker copigs of all statutory consents. 
and approvals required to be obtained by them for the transfer of thelr Equity Shares 
to the Company as referred to in paragraph 14.2 of Part B. 
Extingulshment of Demat Shares: The Demat Shares bought back by the Company 
shall be extinguished and destroyed in the manner specified in the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended and the bye-laws, the circulars, and guidelines framed thereunder, each as. 
amended from time to time, In the manner specified In the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and the Companies Act. The Equity Shares lying in credit in the Company Demat 
Account will be extinguished within 15 (fifteen) days of the succeeding month of the 
month in which Equity Shares are accepted provided that the Company undertakes 
to ensure that all Demat Shares bought back by the Company are extinguished 
within 7 (seven) Working Days from the expiry of the Buyback period. 
Consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company shall be paid only 
by way of cash. 
BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited was incorporated on August 
3, 1948, under the Indian Companies Act, 1913. The CIN of the Company is 
L35110MH1948PLC006472. The Company's registered office is at Ocean House, 
134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400018. 
The Company is a private sector shipping service provider with presence in the 
international maritime industry. The shipping business operates under two main 
businesses: dry bulk cariers and tankers. This involves services of transportation of 
crude oil, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commodities. 
The Company's current fleet stands at 40 vessels, comprising 25 tankers (5 crude 
tankers, 16 product tankers, 4 LPG carriers) and 15 dry bulk carriers (2 Capesize, 10 
Kamsarmax, 1 Ultramax, 2 Supramax) aggregating 3.24 mn dwt. 
Greatship (India) Limited (GIL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is 
engaged in providing offshore oilfield services with the principal activity of offshore 
logistics and drilling services. GIL, alongwith Its subsidiaries, currently owns and 
operates nineteen vessels and four jack up drilling rigs. The fleet of nineteen vessels. 
comprises of 8 Platform Supply Vessels (PSVs) (including 4 R-Class Supply Vessels), 
9 Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessels (AHTSVs) and 2 Multi-purpose Platform 
Supply and Support Vessels (MPSSVs). 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY 
    . The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 
standalone financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and 
audited standalone financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below:   7.2. Excerpts from the Statement of Profit and Loss - Standalone 
  
  
        
                
                    
                          
            Mahindra Bank Limited who has been appointed as escrow banker ("Escrow 
Bank’) pursuant to which the Company has opened an escrow account in the name 
  
          
            
                      
  
  
                    
          
  
  
    
  
            
                    INR crore} 
f ) and style "“GESCO — Buyback 2026 Escrow Account" ("Escrow Account’). The 
Particulars For the three | For the twelve months period ended Company has authorized the Manager to the Buyback to operate the Escrow Account 
months March 31, | March 31, | March 31, in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Escrow Agreement. The 
period ended 2026 2025 2024 Company will deposit in the Escrow Account an amount in cash aggregating to INR 
June 30, 2026 225,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty Five Crores only}, baing 
Revenue from 1,554 3,659 3,830 4,165 25% of the Maximum Buyback Size In the Escrow Account (“Escrow Amount’) In 
operations accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Other income 265 761 884 559 8.2 The funds in the Escrow Account may be released for making payment to the 
Total income 1,819 4,420 4,713 4,724 shareholders subject to at least 25% of the Maximum Buyback Size remaining In 
Total expenses 438 1,285 1,687 1.674 the Escrow Account at all points in time, ; 
excluding interest, 8.3 The balance lying to the credit of the Escrow Account will be released to the Company 
depreciation, in compliance with SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
amortization & tax 8.4 If the Company Is unable te complete Buyback equivalent to Minimum Buyback 
Interest 19 105. 168 198 Size, or is not able to utilize a minimum of 40% of the amount earmarked for the 
on Buyback i.e., INR 360,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores De ti 1 27 4 epreciation and 66 594 5 5 only) within the initial half of the 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening amortization : 4 : 
of the Buyback, except for reasons mentioned in the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
Impairment on certain - - 69 - the amount held in the Escrow Account (up to a maximum of 2.5% of the Maximum 
assets Buyback Size), shall be liable to be forfeited and deposited in the Investor Protection 
Profit before tax 1,195 2,426 2,262 2,397 and Education Fund of SEBI or as directed by SEBI in accordance with the SEBI 
Provision for tax (incl. 38 70 96 80 Buyback Regulations. 
deferred tax) 9. FIRM FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 
Profit after tax 1,157 2,356 2,166 2,316 | } 9.1 The Company, duly authorized by its Board, has identified and earmarked funds for 
Other comprehensive (2) (8) (19) 2 the purpose of fulfillment of its obligation under the Buyback. Such earmarked funds 
income / (loss), net are in excess of the Maximum Buyback Size. 
of tax 9.2 Based on the resolution of the Board dated August 27, 2026 in this regard, and other 
Total comprehensive 1,155 2,348 2,148 2,319 factsidocuments, Kashyap Vaidya & Company (Proprietor- Membership Number 
Income 032032), Chartered Accountants, have certified, vide thelr letter dated August 27, 
2026, that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the 
Excerpts from the Balance Sheet and Key Financial Ratlos - Standalone obligations under the Buyback. 
(INR crore, except per shere data) | 93 The Manager to the Buyback, having regard to the above, confirms that firm 
Particulars As at and for the period ended arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place. 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, 10. LISTING DETAILS AND STOCK MARKET DATA 
- - 2026 2026 2025 2024 10.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143 } 49.2 The high, low and average prices for the preceding three years and the monthly 
Reserves and Surplus 14,775 13,787 11,850 10,204 high, low and average prices for the six months preceding the date of this Public 
Net Worth/ Shareholders: 14,917 13,930 11,993 10,346 Announcement and the corresponding volumes on BSE and the NSE, are as follows: 
Equity BSE 
2 
Total Debt __ 799 1,049 1,499 2,227 Twelve | High (*) | Date of | No.of | Low? [Date of] No.of | Average | Total 
Key Financial Ratios months| (INR) | High | Equity | (INR) | low | Equity | price® | volume 
Eamings per Share @) 81.05 165.06 151.73 162.25 period Shares Shares | (INR) | traded In 
(Basic) © ended traded traded the pertod 
Book value per Share &) | 1,044.87| 975.69[ —840.02[ 724.70 * ihat ont 
iat -Equi io Debt-Equity Ratio 0.05 0.08 0.12 0.22 ‘31-Mar- | 1,051.50 | 05-Mar-| 52,794 | 623.70 |05-Apr| 5,133 | 624.10 | 57,095,616 
Return on Net Worth (%) © 20.95 16.92 18.06 22.39 24 yi 23 
Notes: 31-Mar- | 1,542.80 | 11-Jul- |7,96,308| 797.25 O4- | 28,859 | 1,114.12 | 1,62,59,193 
1) Net worth = Equity share capitel plus reserves and surplus. 25 24 Mar-25 
2) Total dabt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings. ater 1,509.15 "Mar 94,017 | 817.20 or Ae 6,877 | 1,065.19 | 82,79,177 
3) Eamings por Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity Shares for 6 
the period. Last | High (4}| Date of | No.of | Low’ [Date of] No.of | Average | Total 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the period. six | (INR) | High | Equity | (INR} | low | Equity | price? | volume 
5) Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period. months Shares Snares INR ane 
6} Retum on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three months on that on that pe 
ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 months ending date date 
June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, 2026. Fob-26 | 1,374.45 | 25-Feb-| 33,047 | 1,126.10] 01 | 23,795 | 1,295.7 | 6,17,017 
7) ‘Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the unaudited 26 Feb-28 
limited review financial statements for three months ended June 30, 2026. Figures for years ‘on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 have been taken from Mar-26 | 1,509.15 13 Mar 94,017 | 1,290.00 Mees 61,805 | 1,405.44 | 10,04,811 
audited standalone financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the year are 
ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year ended March 31, 2024 have been taken Apr-26 | 1,590.00 29-Apr- | 3,85,339| 1,322.55 | 13-Apr-| 16,200 | 1,432.22 | 887,446 
from audited standalone financial statements of the Company under ind AS for the 26 26 
year ended on March 31, 2024. May-26 | 1,798.00 | 19-May- | 6,365,588} 1,410.00) 29 | 1,40,969) 1,582.67 | 42,26,847 
The brief financial information of the Company, as extracted from the unaudited 26 May-26 
consolidated financial statements for the 3 (three) months ended June 30, 2026, and Jun-26 | 1,538.80 | 03-Jun- | 30,574 | 1,350.95 | 11-Jun-| 39,087 | 1,449.49 | 8,39,157 
audited consolidated financial statements for the financlal years ended March 31, 26 26 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, are set out below: Jul-26 | 1,508.30) O1-Jul- | 64,323 | 1,333.00 | 17-Jul- | 32,635 | 1,400.06 | 8,17,609 
26 26 Excerpts from the Statement of Profft and Loss — Consolidated 
(INR ) Source: BSE 
High Is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Particulars For the three For the twalve months period # Low Is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
months ended @ Average price Is the arithmetical average of dally closing prices during the sald pertod 
perlod ended | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, 
June 30,2026 | “2926 "| 2025 || 2024 NSE 
i Twelve | High (4) | Date of | No. of Low | Date of) No.of | Average| Total volume Revenue from operations 2,005 5,409 5,323 5,255 months| (NR) | High Equity (NR) | tow | Equity | price® | traded in the 
Other Income 281 903 834 664 period Shares Shares INR period 
Total Income 2,286 6,312 6,157 5,919 ended traded on traded on 
Total expenses excluding 668 2,261 2,584 2,247 that date that date 
interest, depreciation, 31-Mar- | 1,052.00 | 05-Mar-| 9,15491 | 623.65 | O5-Apr-| 2,98,276 | 824.23 | 10,13,64,012 
amortization & tax 24 24 23 
Interest 20 136 236 265 31-Mar- | 1,543.70 | 11-Juk | 1,80,69,056 | 797.50 |04-Mar-| 653,156 | 1,114.45 | 21,08,32,645 
Depreciation and 234 889 813 726 25 24 25 
amortization 31-Mar- | 1,509.00 | 13-Mar-| 12,02,406 | 802.25 | O7-Apr-| 3,15,363 | 1,065.32] 12,46,04,199 
Impairment on certain - - 61 (13) % 6 25 
assets 
Profit before tax 1,365 3,026 2,462 2,694 {avi sik teh 4 Dale hd te of Lew Date of No of Average Total volume 
Provision for tax (incl 56 83 117 80 months} (NR) | High | Equity) ONR) | low | Pauly | Pace om 
deferred tax) Pat traded on traded on 
Profit after tax 1,309 2,943 2,344 2,614 that date that date 
Other comprehensive (6) 172 19 0 Feb-26 | 1,375.00 | 25-Feb-| 559,062 | 1,125.00 /01-Feb-| 3,34,493 | 1,296.02) 94,08,128 
income / (loss), net of tax 8 268 
Total comprehensive 1,303 3,114 2,363 2,815 Mar-26 | 1,500.00 | 13-Mar-| 12,02,408 | 1,290.10 |04-Mar-| 6,03,009 | 1,405.55} 1,39,17,013 
income 26 26 
Excerpts from the Balance Sheet and Key Financial Ratios - Consolidated Apr28 | 1,690.80 | 28-Apr- | 25,00,678 | 1,820.00 | tS-Apr-| 4.89.571 /4.492.47) 1,23,69448 26 26 
(INR crore, except per share data) May-26 | 1,798.00 | 19-May-| 73,286,701 | 1,410.00| 28 | 24,47,379| 1,583.13] 5,15,61,058 
Particulars As at and for the period ended 2 May-26 
June 30, | March 31, | March 31, | March 31, Jun-26 | 1,536.00 | 29-Jun- | 11,34,721 | 1,352.10 | 11-Jun- | 840,778 | 1,449.78 1,52,18,012 
2026 2026 2025 2024 26 26 
Equity Share Capital 143 143 143 143 Jul-26 | 1,509.20) Ot-Jul- | 4,97,982 | 1,332.50] 17Jub | 4,44,699 | 1,400.20) 92,62,237 
Reserves and Surplus 17,956 16,820 14,116 12,255 ‘Souwe: NSE 28 2 
108: ine Shareholders 18,099 16,962 14,259 12,397 * High is the highest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
# Low is the lowest price recorded for the Equity Share of the Company during the said period 
Total Debt ® 798 1,049 2,155 3,031 @ Average price is the arithmetical average of daily closing prices during the said period 
Key Financtal Ratios 10.3 The stock prices on the Stock Exchanges on relevant dates are: 
Eamings per Share () 91.68 206.11 164.20 183.11 Date | Description BSE NSE 
(Basic) © 
Book value per Share (%) | 1,267.72| 1,188.12 998.77 868.37 High | Low | Closing) High | Low | Closing 
= - (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) | (INR) Debt-Equity Ratio © 0.04 0.06 0.15 0.24 
Raturn on Nat Worth (%) © 20.70 47.35 16.44 21.09 August pay prior 1,329.00 | 1,290.25 | 1,311.15 | 1,329.80 | 1,291.50 | 1,311.30 
Notes: 2026 | of Board 
1) Net worth = Equity share capital plus reserves and surplus. Meeting to 
2) Total debt includes long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings. cone 
3) ~~ Eamings per Share = Profit after tax / Weighted average number of Equity of Buyback 
Shares for the period. was given 
4) Book value per Share = Net worth / Number of Equity Shares at the end of the to Stock 
period Exchanges 
5) Debt-Equity Ratio = Total debt divided by Net worth at the end of the period. August | Date on 1,345.90 | 1,314.00 | 1,329.00 | 1,346.00 | 1,318.00 | 1,333.00 
6) Return on Net worth = Profit after tax/ Closing Net worth. Number for three 24, | which notice 
months ended June 30, 2026 is computed as profit after tax for the last 12 2026 a the Board 
months ending June 30, 2026 divided by closing net worth as on June 30, eeting to 
2026. consider 
proposal 
7) Figures for three months ended June 30, 2026 have been taken from the of Buyback 
unaudited limited review financial statements for three months ended June was given 
30, 2026. Figures for years ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 to Stock 
have been taken from audited consolidated financial statements of the Exchanges 
Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 2026. Figures for year 
ended March 31, 2024 have been taken from audited consolidated financial August Board 1,342.00 | 1,313.00 | 1,316.35 | 1,341.80 | 1,311.50 | 1,317.20 
statements of the Company under Ind AS for the year ended on March 31, 27, | Meeting day 
2024. 2026 
DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN August | First trading | 1,362.15 | 1,321.55 | 1,338.95 | 1,363.00 | 1,321.20 | 1,339.60 
In accordance with Regulation 20 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and towards 2 day post 
security for performance of its obligations under the SEB| Buyback Regulations, the 026 | Board 
Company has entered into an escrow agreement dated August 27, 2026 (‘Escrow Meeting day 
Agreement’) with the Manager to the Buyback (as defined hereinafter) and Kotak                         
      
  
    
                         
ag, PA , 22 BTS BORE wa 4 fe 
marathifreepressjournal.in 
    
    
    
          
    
  
  
  
    
              
              
WH. R27 WY AM AVI AR 
uta arm anf ganda caracaren fare afc wm. Gs ara 
ama, afeare a savrT dearear festa 
warae = (aferrdardt “Hae ufter’’) cafed a Gta Ser are, 
Ti Raise 84 aTlactar 2024 Oafear 
fattacnsinta, sass wreig- 
88 /R4RER/RO’W, Bra Tlavitpa 
are; rath ace aftererte rare at 
em, wert & fee eet HR, ae 
a AMaTTET We aa ATAaT 
aftarar ad fest a ect WATS Aa et ae. 
ad raat fesht, WSIS, REATET, 
WISH, wees, TEM, afte, 
foot ara area wart Hira 
cal, eH, wad 9 feadae 
areca, eat erent eeatasit 
qeearse are wel HORI 
Tara 23, THAW, TATA BSE, 
wane (saree ciait art), Hie, 
Has - yoo ook apfter 
wet reid wa fia 
pnvora1954@amailcom % A 
Gear feast ey (ster) 
feqarea are wale aravan 
ae; ae arr asic are witearet roar Gaet AT eet Bek eecareton Hn cent Pronk 
wer Ua Tea GT case 
gi ada anf ae ca, 
See, FIP Ha Be ae 
Aare ager. Fete 23 atiTee, ORK, 
A. WaGHAR ais HHH (Areva), 
wel /- 
unfiere           
    afta areas, soit fare ree oni fear fren aera APTS 
afar sree eee iva flare sates (“Ethene”) far carat 
far ong weet, ar ch areas, fe, wee, BEET, Ter (Aw 
SED OT POT Gf ST KTVT) TRY, TRS, THR, HTS 
oe 
FRR, AAT, FAINT, Tay, Tek ere eSae (“THTTT") 
aftseer ares, aorcaet ay, Tae ARs FT Taga, TTT, 
“Bee aber opens fear ree weaay Wer TET, erates 
afere carn fear faehrerct aereaet arta sr 
werd career fear aftr fear ser aot Sree 
Par ora are) eures aa areas a caer FAT 
wetter areal yorave feraitt werd Wa Gare 
serra Reng (et) rear ate fer we at 
Ser, arm enienttar sar snftyfar ane, oe ante ae et 
aftrentra anf far Renta fret anki ar ys Saet 
ae Wasa Ager afer ars ares area areas aera AT 
HAST AUTOATAT VSIR ATT. 
wie vali RRS 
Daas ad & aot aftr fear, er aed apatergo/a/e are ar 
fora Ferry goo dia Alex se Vt ooo dee Alex saat 
Atoar atta gar arr se it ara weal, agar Aras, reer yr 
Sra TED, forwar yr ae fet ane ford age 
ame: 
qafeene- Wes rice 883 are PAT 
oft fearer- wear 
“after feerer- We ww Qo/y Teich SAT 
war feerer:- WS AAG 0/2 area SAT 
fee: fam Se SPS, 2026, 
At. afar Aer, afta 
Wa ats ar sregert 
WT aes Bez, Wo3, Tee wi, 
C83, Bae aE AMT, TR TRG, 
Yas - Yoo 083, 
Email id: objections@snrlawin     2,48,02,08¢/- (Atrattt gore ora Tare Ba Ta areca we HT) atin Heer TACT 
a, sd args a clean ere one TEA, 
ait, Fae art 
agit arterarit, 
HERTS ETT HRT TATA % 35 0 FAT] 
farta: ee atte 2035 AA 848 OTS ToT       ame aT ETS ot VETS sprlaTet Ge 
we 
aety/- afaa / se 
van aiteaee far.         Jfaaaror : qe, WENT WENT Wea Frama 835 ¢ AT ETTA- 2 019 aa) wa. ae, Ts, arogE (TFA), Hae - We 
ya ee Rated wraede fares HUSTRUN 
(ei sae SERRE wee felts seit aT) vacant eat es 
AISTAT: Fook ooTHTT 0 ROMAN. Vy s 
site. eratera: vox, arac ara mw, 3, ide aigec, 
wise Fa Rear, at (APE), 
Had veooke, ETE, aT. 
“uate dort felt serene, 
‘Wag Getic-Iv 
art stern art we. Hite. (item) / ew (ETA) / RoR 
vit dart 
cereal aitara arferart we. Btw. (item) / 22 ¢ (Taal) /2ORE, 
eel deen anheraeat HASTE: Tete oT R Se SHITETeTION Gee 
aig. erator: erersa Stars, aides wm. x68", 
Srifemik, om. &, damm wrt, 3g ), 
YRS yoo 068, FETE, ART. 
(afgett arfrercrat art ofr gad arferenrcnat are afar unkie ‘enferrracal arora’? sar sya) 
wravitelt aera 
argh Bat Soar 8a A, Wy Sec Ried were ferfties ("'geateen eet” / Cufget arfrarenal eet”) ae eae 
feftits (‘‘geatatedt ost” / ‘ged anferererat set”) ony eats safe arrears on errata HPrarer =a Rede Rested range fethite we eaeran ferftes onan ais eiira wrens safer serateen wefrerare=t | Thy THE DEBTS RECOVERY TRIBUNAL NO.2 MTNL BHAVAN 
. __ Steud cracdiear dieters, 3AD FLOOR STRAND ROAD, APPOLLO BANDAR, COLABA MARKET, 
de de fesied sacks farftite, arf siftian, 946 =r ) SOLABA, MUMBA! - 400 005. 
aegiiea sierfa canfica sreft oath firs sicatiepa aratera ar vow, ) fe ray. 4 aidiea dh coc, wea Ba fee, a (ofan), } ECURITIZATION APPLICATION NO. 62 OF 202: 
WE voooko, HETE, ARTA, ) Navin Gancah totem An. .- APPLICANTS | 
ore, Seeks oe ta wees siata = ren sort (aged saferereeat sot Kurla Nagrik Sahekarl Bank Ltd. and Ors. ..FIESPONDENTS| 
eafira dre soft firs stevie raters ore eae See, ) NOTICE 
‘dtdics wi. v69—, Sa Herren, SR, 3, Saga HT, ) | Whereas, this Securitisation Application No. 62 of 2023 (“8.A.”) 
Sag (1), HE vooow’, MENTE, ATA, ) has been filed by the aforementioned Applicants and served upon 
STETET: Tete 4 Re oT RS ¢ SETA 8G 60 ) . aeaiafedt bot (gat anfrereat Sort ithe Respondents by RPAD.   (Deed of Transfer) 
Sear sreetter fear sractter erorgret Srar arTeATT 
‘at are onfor tear stg fear ong ont Are wee. 
Feet: Has Peale - 3R.0¢. 202 
Wald GAR vis Gala, Sea) ITI : SR A, VHGA, “ATEN, Sieh, Tea arn oa ae 
ISTE PATER - CloloQoutlogo     
Whereas, dua to the unlawful sale of the subject property by way of, 
private treaty, pending the captioned Application, It became 
pertinent to carry out the necessary changes In the S.A. 
Accordingly, an application seeking amendment of the S.A. was 
preferred, which was subsequently allowed by this Learned 
  seeder raster vera arora Hither Sri akan, 20¢3 (‘satire’) <a ae 22 Seas TA 
a0 seni ae aioer aren feats 30 Bet, 2oRg Tse STaeTgR SAHA Tea eH eh rere, Gag ists (roretiger a”) ok araeracoare aire aia, faaies 20 Be, 2 Rs Gather are aftr eardier Peer Sa Ge AT 
aight fame at A, eare Creed, ad aetori ae oer ais areca anf sifta Perret aoa, feats xo 
acdat, 20 te Tal Aivaa Hea SET aT, 
four aa faa ortig afpencat haem for catear wiherernd aeider sem vegdis carer /frer ara orf cerae 
‘area / rear Fira caren rear aPrerigh wel aeciell career rear teh gear anrarereat deat aigultgpe eater 
feo carer SRereren areteens waht sree ore, F8 caren/ fren afercen te saat ore, Peters ahaa 
fan waren fren erat va sem gates Take sree ore. 
cert after onft siacoar Hem Ree F 282 stale fracrmre wa ware fafer war sam hea ahet FHE 
aie ed ait, cotter 4 tee feted wrange fers safer 
aifrcarnrat cho=aicaicn stb ael/- 
APTA ETS Fi, BGO UR ‘Gadara ore 
Reo, RTH, SARI ATES, eet HictATA, UH. El. TS, aa 
aia (FFaH), Yas woo Row, WT, ART, PRTTE: 010608803 
waenm faftes efor 
wal) 
fara ag 
  feria + 38 SHITE, WORE FETA Hi. THE RCE       Tribunal. Thereafter, the necessary amendments were carried out 
tothe S.A. 
Whareas, despite multiple bonafides attempts, the service of the 
amended §.A. could not be properly effected upon the 
Respondent Nos. 03 and 04 In the ordinary manner, and whereas 
‘the application for substituted service has been allowed by this 
Tribunal. 
Therefore, you are requirad to remain present personally or 
through your duly authorised agent or legal practitioner and 
appear before this Tribunal on 19th November 2026 at 11:00a.m., 
failing which the application shall ba heard and decided in your 
absence. You ara further directed to supply an advance copy of the 
reply to the S.A. to Counsel for the Applicant. 
Given under my hand and the seal of this Tribunal on this 21st day 
lof August 2026. 
Sdj- Rogistrar 
Namo addres oll the Defonants DRT: Il, Mumba 
SAGAR MAHIPAT MORE, Respondent No. 03 
Having his address at 001, Bilan! House, 
Plot No. 542, Road Na.11, Chambur East, Mumbai - 400 074 
2. PRABHU DAYAL YADAV, Respondent No. 04 
Having his address at EA} Tara Road, Near SNDT Universlty,   Santacruz (West), Mumbai - 400 049   11. PRESENT CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN 13.2 The Buyback is not expected to impact growth opportunities for the Company in any | 16. POTENTIAL IMPACT OF SUBSISTING OBLIGATIONS 
11.1 The capital structure of the Company, as on the date of this Public Announcement material way. As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no outstanding instruments 
and the proposed capital structure of the Company post completion of the Buyback { 13.3 Pursuant te Regulation 16(ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters are convertible into Equity Shares. There is no potential impact of subsisting obligations. 
Is set forth below: not entitled to participate under the Buyback. 17. COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(Amounts in INR) $ 43.4 The Buyback of Equity Shares will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarification to or address their 
Particulars of share capltal Pre-Buyback Post-Buyback* the existing management structure of the Company. grievances, if any, during office hours, ie., 10:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on all Working 
Authorised: 13.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought Days except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays. 
30,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 3,00,00,00,000 3,00,00,00,000 back from the shareholders excluding the Promoters, the shareholding pattern of the Mr. Anand Punde 
INR 10/- each Company would undergo a change, however public shareholding shall not fall below Col Sacretal dc Li off 
25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. mpany Secretary and Compliance Olncer 20,00,00,000 Preference Shares 2,00,00,00,000 2,00,00,00,000 : . : . The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
of INR 10/- each 13.6 As required under Section 68(2}{d) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 4 . . . 7 
Issued: 4{ii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and Ocean House, 134/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400018 
. ; unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the pald-up Tel.: +91 22 66613000 
14,31,53,522 Equity Shares of 1,43,15,35,220 1,37,27,11,700 equity share capital and free reserves post the Buyback, based on the standalone or Emall: shares@greatship.com 
INR 10/- each fully paid-up consolidated financial statements of the Company, whichever is lower. 
Subscribed and fully pald up: 13.7 Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Buyback will be completed within 18. REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE - 
14,27,67,161 Equity Shares of 1,42,76,71,610 1,36,88,48,090 a maximum period of 66 (sixty-six) Working Days from the date of opening of In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact KFin Technologies Limited, 
INR 10/- each fully pald-up the Buyback. The Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after this Public the Registrar to the Buyback, and Issue and Share Transfer Agent of tha Company 
* Assuming the Company buys back the Maximum Buyback Shares. The capital Announcement has been made. and appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, at the 
structure post completion of the Buyback may differ depending on the actual number } 13.8 in accordance with Regulation 24 (if) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the jowing address: 
of Equity Shares bought back under the Buyback. Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 (one) year from the expiry 
11.2 The shareholding pattem of the Company as on August 21, 2026 (“Pre-Buyback”) of the Buyback period, except in discharge of its subsisting obligations and in KEI NTEC H 
and the post Buyback shareholding pattem, is as follows: accordance with Regulation 24(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company EXPOS CNGE TRANSTAR MATION 
shall not Issue any Equity Shares or other spectfied securities Including by way 
Category of shareholder N Pre Buytoaci th pees Barbas th of bonus till the expiry of tha Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting KFin Technologies Limited 
fea | r \ ie Ea tty *cisth e obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or Address: Selenium, Tower B, Plot No-31 and 32, 
enue “ee oe paulty ening conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares. Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
share share | { 13.9 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India 
capital capttal by the Company from its shareholders (other than from its promoters and promoter Contact Person: Mr. Anil Dalvi 
group), the shareholding pattern of the Company would undergo a change; however Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222/ 7961 1000 Gru sonawth tne 4.28,36,248) = 90.07) 4.29,36.248) 31.37 public shareholding shall not fall below 25% of the total fully paid-up Equity Share Toll Free No.: 18003094001 
persons acting in the capital of the Company. Emall: hip. k@kfintech.com 
concert, (collectively “the 13.10The Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value Website: www.kfintech.com 
promoter’) of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption Investor Grievance E-mall: einward.ris@kfintech.com 
Foreign Investors (including | 4,25,91,970 29.83 reserve account and the detalls of such transfer shall be disclosed In Its subsequent SEBI Registration Number: INRO00000221 
FP's, Flls, Non-Resident audited balance sheet. Valldity Period: Permanent Registration 
Indians, Foreign Banks, 13.11 The aggregate shareholding of the promoters as on date of this Public Announcement CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
Overseas Corporate is 30.07% of the total Equity Share capital of the Company. While the promoters 
Bodies) and promoter group are not eligible to participate in the Buyback, depending on the | 18 MERCHANT BANKER TO THE BUYBACK 
Mutual Funds, Financial 1,78,31,858 12.49] 9,39,48,561 68.63 number of Equity Shares bought back by the Company, their effective shareholding The Company has appointed the following as Merchant Banker to the Buyback: 
Institutions/ Banks, —_— — percentage In the Company, will Increase marginally. ® 
AIFs, NBFCs, Insurance 13.12Such an increase in the percentage holding/voting rights of the promoters and kotak 
Companies promoter group is not an active acquisition and is incidental to the Buyback and falls . 
Others (Individuals, Bodies | 3.0407,076| 27.60 within the limits prescribed under the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Investment Banking 
we 14 STATUTORY AND OTHER APPROVALS Kotak Mahindra Gaprial Company Limited 
head ing that rt oF the Sosbeak Hh imum Buyback Shores ‘bo oh 141 Pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and all oth licabl isions, of the Ct i Address: 27BKC, 1" Floor, Plot No. ©-27, ‘G' Block, issuming thal as a part of uyoAacK, Maximum ict ares are DOUG! . ‘ursual ections 68, 1, and al ler applicable provisions, i¢ Companies: 
back. The shareholding, post completion of the Buyback, may differ depending upon Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and the provisions of the SEB! Buyback Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbal 400 051 
the actual number of Equity Shares bought back in the Buyback. Regulations and Article 65 of Articles of Association of the Company, the Board at its Contact Person: Mr. Ganesh Rane 
11.3 As on the date of this Public Announcement, there are no Equity Shares which are meeting held on August 27, 2026 approved the proposal for the Buyback. Tel. No.i +91 22 4936 0758 
partly pald-up, or with calls In arrears. 14.2 Buyback from each shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals Fax No.: +91 22 6713 2447 
11.4 As on the date of this Public Announcement there are no outstanding instruments, as may be required by such shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The Email: geship,buyback2026@kotak.com 
including Employee Stock Options under the employee stock option plan, convertible shareholders shaill be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and Website: https /investmentbank kotak.com/ 
into Equity Shares. approvals (including, without limitation the approvals from the Reserve Bank of India SEBI Registration Number: INM000008704 
and/ or Appropriate Authorities, if any) as may be required by them in order to sell ar . i 
12. DETAILS OF PROMOTERS, MEMBERS OF THE PROMOTER GROUP, PERSONS their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. Shareholders would Validity Period: Permanent Registration 
IN CONTROL AND DIRECTORS OF PROMOTERS AND PROMOTER GROUP be required to provide copies of such consents and approvals obtained by them to CIN: U67120MH1995PLC134050 SHAREHOLDING AND OTHER DETAILS 
the Companys Broker. 20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 12.1 For the details of aggregate shareholding of the Promoters, members of the promoter § 443 The Buyback from erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable . . . | . 
group, persons in control of the Company, directors of the promoters and members ‘i i ia, i As per Regulation 24(i)(a} of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors categories shall be subject to such approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, Se : - ae 
of the promoter group (where the promoter or the member of the promoter group Is of the Company accepts responsibility for all the information contained in this 
r te | ! under the Forelgn Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations : : eee : 
a company), directors and key managerial personnel as on the date of this Public framed thereunder, as amended from time to time. Public Announcement and for the information contained in all other advertisements, 
Announcement, please refer to paragraph 8.1, §.2 and 8.3 of Part A above. * . circulars, brochures, publicity materials etc. which may be issued in relation to the 
i . . 14.4 To the best knowledge of the Company, as on the date hereof, there is no other Buyback and confirm that this Public Announcement contains true, factual and 
12.2 For details of Equity Shares sold or purchased by the persons mentioned in statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback, other than material Information and does not contain any misleading Information. 
paragraph 12.1 above during a period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable 
of this Public Announcement and 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board subsequently, the Buyback offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
Meeting, please refer to paragraph 8.4 of Part A above. approval(s) and subject to the obligations of the ellgible shareholders to obtain the of The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
13. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE consents and approvals necessary for transfer of their Equity Shares to the Company 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY as set out under paragraph 14.2 above, the Company shall obtain such statutory or 
i . r a , latory approvals, as may be required from time to time, if any, for completion of Mr. Bharat K. Sheth Mr. Keki Mistry Mr. Anand Punde 13.1 The Buyback is generally expected to improve retum on equity and improve eamings regu on : 
per share by reduction In the equity base, thereby leading to Increase In members’ the Company's obligations in relation to the Buyback. Chairman & Managing Director Independent Director Company Secretary 
value over the long term. The amount required by the Company for the Buyback { 15. COLLECTION AND BIDDING CENTRES DIN: 00022102 DIN: 00008886 
(including the cost of financing the Buyback and the Transaction Costs) will be The Buyback will be implemented by the Company by way of open market purchases . 
invested out of cash and bank balances/deposits and/or short-term investments and/ through the Stock Exchanges using their nationwide trading terminals. Therefore, Place : Mumbai 
or intemal accruals of the Company. the requirement of having collection centres and bidding centres is not applicable. Date : August 29, 2026 
wife qe WER ert : wifet aera ere Frcrenetter ea, arene 
. : BR APART PATH 39/06/3038 UH MRNA ATCT argh wharera sate afar scene a2 A, | [Het Secor aetee ret ar eee ee] | onfarhtwekdenet Bm Gag deter 
aig card Gt, dr amg afer Hore, WAY, tale 4. 208, eetee IL) ara, as$ efter wredla earl Ghage Sues ge wage fees = erate sake safer ey Resa oreeferer Fer ger a ceca Sete SRT ERT, TS, Ge ard Gey ae aed an Pearotl arrereraret 
vie, wor G08 /u earen Sot aretter eT aT aT, Crereteg Frrrnaeit 2962 afer gots, Sefer 22 (I-28 Peet) Gan ia ee evoke, Gate ato Sh TEL Te| | 2) TT ATE w. 2oRO TA LOHR 
arecgich oe, oredr | [t- BAAR Mace we, 327 UHL /2028 test exon age ae “pinttor seen went te ROOT Gera ae a] | Fr ae ts, wes (om) at — bo, Berea Scr iece cees i 
eer AT, Sa, Hag - Yoo “ pa iat Se eteD wy. 20/ Weal /2o Vs aA ATTA TT. Peco Frrenerct & 9 a PTH y ote SEaTTAT FrERETE SEeHE ee safe eS eo Ta ae am EP | TE TAT ae as ® ‘= Pega niece Geach ) cow Beer kt oe W. Reo TA ORE 
(afretarst ‘faka’) 2. Urea st Fer eree -neltmumcourt01 @gmall.com east array, arabrete agora Fetia ¢ 2/01 30 § 1s SAT aT eer TE tt we as. saree ( Tee a eien dente eo et. %) 7 are 
: Neltmumbaid1@qmail.com axa aravare aT. i, career Career: erator are mE) anor gat aa fers ¢ 2.01, 297 8 Ate ae] | ae snl Seg] ee Teme 8 Peg rene oo ge rae i s eae a Fetch HAT, 284,00, 806/ — Oe AT TE TTT RAT AE ETH | Be ne erect onfiraficstccisn | | GA ee deat sou ae Gua | | 8. arfere wai fester utr 
wife aAe %. t20% Hae ere cra) Ba SLA HT IETF Farce aT er He, See wank oN, Seoha aL abs so/—3 «cant, sas eT FE 2oRg Zoe a, 9G, 4 ag fer. 
URE, ade at vez at. Ke FraT ait seit Sten cer eats Teas safe tends Hens sete Seas, Frm] | oo sg. onda, avert Fisiay tifa /2eG9 see gore s 2) alta anew. wma eater 2g artree 20 25 aot encter arta aeh mera eteH one, a Sel sage seh ped wr, sere / stat ae 3 ara arama, dag, dad Aetter Ska call tet ort aa amar wa w. Ab area | | Ger gel Ti re ATA FEU wetter 
te dex” = Sea Sa HAT ATT aH, pues aad ea. Rare onefaa fer den | | Sex Ried waa reel AR, $e rdw. 202 Ba 2088 
fear TOM SSS) ATER TH SAAT UAT OAT Ae A, AMA Seite SAFE reer ate pret nf ore =e, sa ig ae sete afer arate art Eee dS Sen aaa ae : 
SOTA SATE § BOAT AGTCATER, Wee RE Tas a seh see Pe Rags rae wed and war ||  wew. st/e08, ufearaeen, Provan oonite, ste aircon art, orator, | | Saects ward one A, aehe amr aig Sak me we ae ey Het ro are 
ma asa, east wag aoftet Arerax aereteer anfor wart ater faerec: WTATTA NS, TS, ENTS — ¥2%008 CH. AAT ATAM ME ATT MTA) ware wae Te fers wre ome safer Se Sea anit 
. waraaTisr aaa ATT Mawes. w. 38-0 oe sore! [ae ater ater fag ages eh) prateia aeeat aeett tater cet cents eevee rae areas wats aera sat eer e ea an. Heat amie dad Set a, ae a te, 
wa SAAT SAC ASE TOT SUNT AA a, FeeeR Eat Aer eased cee satiate & so TAT RIN UA (Letters of Administration 
wafietrear ae ot wet of ferro] | pepeerehi/etitareht cheat axoarer Peter Peer sree, et 2 & eR oni meee: wean seen Freee 282 eH aM Rots (22 (8-2) ara aga] | SEE ME THAT wera se wearAT | | eth ation. with WILL) 4) eifire are we. ectiowra 2028 
aiertar, Wad wet a oad SHR : a % nee eee ey ae be reir Wher aa een wierd oxdtar wimeret rar J wer | | IT 2 Santon © yeegtew 
x > wa orien, amet dufer enki, fg a — , Sat, daz, " race, ash ore gran eadtaraa eral AL var a Pkt efter 
“rel rear 3 at-Fearmd FEt, | | eter fee, FART ff, tS RE TE ee eee eee eee eee eee hat ate | [tatcmteottamg & Beware] |Site of ier erie aga] | Ronen acts. qc eH vot Soa 5 wT, |, A, I, SER a a TE BI BR STA BI >. 7 Sh ne sea tee gear ascarid | Leet erent Pat SAAT TE RAT aT AR, BeHCTAT | owe ae fe, Gee (, Te veo ote atom fee anos tote Aten ces g.| | Sele Paes SS Sear Se eras: 2) tafe %, wre ah 
feng 
eatery] |e wired estes Afr 
aes ata wanda ae fait 
earererarght aint Feaien 2% WEA, FORE 
BH. C4) atear feaien 23 atte, WOR 
thier sreeren seret att afta 
wane (er feel area SIT), Ts 
Tait, Fos aPreattciear ys, st. wet 
apt, Wag-yoook? aati Tareq 
saraferand wares, 22 ACER, 22 
Usil |. 38.30 aT. Wee wm. 48, GAT 
Tae, at fee F-atiaifeee erefieT 
Part fe. fraat setae, wrens (4.), 
Fag-y 00082 AG feud tkaedial carear 
care fradiadics stand) =araftifa 
asian we, ane srftr Reece 
ret fererrart fasht evar AK BT. 
wegen siete /sictanet ater wat 
araged fieadtem ferera fapitear Satt 
we malta area Aeera/aa FerRIFAN TATA /TATHT TATA BE 
Area, 2026 Til fear gall ATA. 4.00 
an. wea gag aa aa qade Be area 
wan areciear fais give / 4 atde/ 
sat ta <a APIA G. Yo,ce,coo/— 
(ea ag are Ha) ot wa yesear 
Afro BRT AAT HA RAST TT 
ARAF Ws. F. Yo,c0,c00/— (era 
ag ara ara) ft aee can fererrs fosht 
spl reat sat sicher aye wer 
meat Age. 
feoht carrie ere Ratt aaa, ae 
area tigger aria cet. 
ater area Prosactte Pitern ¢ arfir ¢ 
ACER, 2024 Teil a. f.co A a. 
¥.co Al. QAM Fgh HAT ACT 
ak. 
fepftear adie até aufin af after 
arate, wt afrarra FIR, a. tt 
Tretia arf, Hag-Yooo 8? AYA A, &%.00 
a a. ¥.oco aT, GAM wat 
arrnrareat fae &, Goo /- (ead West 
Ue) (PAT ARTAT) SAM HEAT HT AT 
WaT PEAT U4 BPE, ORE 
Hada Segal ie 
(afefan we)      
 
www.greatship.com  
 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OF THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING COMPANY LIMITED, HELD ON  AUGUST  27, 2026 AT 
03:00 P.M.  AT THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY AT OCEAN HOUSE, 134/A, 
DR. ANNIE BESANT ROAD, WORLI, MUMBAI - 400018.  
 
A. “RESOLVED  THAT  in accordance with Article 65 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies  Act”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014, as amended  (to the extent applicable)  and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended 
from time to time and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI  LODR 
Regulations ”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended (the “SEBI  Buyback Regulations ”) (including any statutory modifications or re -
enactments of the Companies Act or the rules made thereunder or the SEBI LODR  Regulations, or the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations) , and subject to such other approvals, permissions , consents, sanctions  and 
exemptions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), the stock exchanges on which the 
equity shares of the Company are listed (the “ Stock Exchanges ”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA”), Registrar of Companies (the “RoC") and/ or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together 
with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, MCA, and R oC, the “ Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary, 
and subject to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed 
or imposed by the Appropriate Authorities , while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, 
sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed to by the board of directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Board ”, which term shall include a ny committee constituted by the Board to exercise 
its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution), the Board hereby approves the buyback  
by the Company of its fully paid equity shares of the  face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) 
(“Equity Shares ”) of the Company, each from its shareholders/ beneficial owners (other than those 
who are promoters, members of the promoter group or persons in control  of the Company ) in cash from 
the open market through stock exchange mechanism  i.e., using the electronic trading facilities of the 
Stock Exchanges, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 900,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Nine 
Hundred Crores only) (“Maximum Buyback Size ”) and being 7.19% and 6.34% of the aggregate of 
the Company’s fully paid up Equity Share capital and free reserves based on the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statement of the Company as at March 31, 2026, respectively (being the latest 
available audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company) , which is within 
the statutory limits of  10% of the total paid- up Equity Share capital and free reserves based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026, at a price not 
exceeding INR 1,530 /- (Indian Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred and Thirty only) per Equity Share 
(“Maximum Buyback Price ”) (such process is hereinafter referred to as the “Buyback ”). The 
Maximum Buy Back Size does not include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, turnover charges, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty, expenses incurred 
for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI , advisors/ legal fees, intermediary fees, public 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and other incidental and related 
expenses, etc. ”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations, t he Buyback 
period  shall commence from the date of Board resolution approving the Buyback  till the  date on which 
the payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the Buyback is made (the “Buyback 
Period ”).” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  at the Maximum Buyback Price and for the Maximum Buyback 
Size, the indicative maximum number of Equity Shares bought back would be 58,82,352 (Fifty Eight 
Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) (“Maximum Buyback Shares ”) which 
is 4.12% of the total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 4.12% of 
the total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company as on the date of the Board meeting. If the Equity 
Shares are bought back at a price below the Maximum Buyback Price, the actual number of Equity 
Shares bought back could exceed the indicative Maximu m Buyback Shares but will always be subject 
to the Maximum Buyback Size. ” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall  utilize at least 75% of the amount earmarked as 
the Maximum Buyback Size  for the Buyback, i.e. INR 675,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and 
Seventy Five Crores only ) (“Minimum Buyback Size ”) and based on the Minimum Buyback Size and 
the Maximum Buyback Price, the Company will purchase a minimum of 44,11,764 (Forty Four Lakhs 
Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four) Equity Shares .”  
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT at least 40% of the Maximum Buyback Size i.e., INR 
360,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Three Hundred and Sixty Crores only) shall be utilized within the initial 
half of the sixty -six working days from the date of the opening of the Buyback offer.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its free reserves, 
the securities premium account or such other sources as may be permitted by law and in accordance 
with Section 68(1) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ix) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and 
in accordance with Regulation 4(iv)(b)(ii) and proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, by way of  open market purchases through the Stock Exchanges, by the order matching 
mechanism except ‘all or none’ order matching system as provided under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations .” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  nothing contained hereinabove shall confer any right to any 
shareholder to offer, or any obligation on the part of the Company or the Board to Buyback any shares 
and/or impair any power of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the 
Buyback, if so permissible by law.”  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback shall  open within 4 (four) working days from the date 
of Public A nnouncement and shall , in any case, close within 6 6 (sixty-six) working days  from the date 
of opening of the Buyback. The Board, in its absolute discretion, may decide to close the Buyback at 
any time, provided that at least 75% of the Maximum Buyback Size has been utilized for buying back 
the Equity Shares, by giving appropriate notice of such earlier date and completing all formalities in 
this regard as per relevant laws and regulations. ” 
 “RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  the Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the 
affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion  that:  
 
1. immediately following the date on which the meeting of the board of directors is convened on 
August 27, 2026, approving the Buyback (“ Board Meeting Date ”), there will be no grounds on 
which the Company could be found unable to pay its debts ; 
 
2. as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the Board Meeting Date,  
having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the management of the Company’s 
business during that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources which will, 
in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the  Company will be able to 
meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period 
of one year from the Board Meeting Date; and  
 
3. in forming the aforesaid  opinion, the Board has taken into account  the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilit ies) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as amended .” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under the provisions of Section 68(6) of the Companies 
Act, the draft declaration of solvency along with annexures thereof prepared in the prescribed form 
along with the supporting affidavit and other documents, placed before the meeting be and is hereby 
approved and that Mr. Bharat K. Sheth , Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. G. Shivakumar , 
Executive Director  and Chief Financial Officer  be and are hereby authorized to sign the same. ” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board confirms with reference to the Buyback, that:  
 
(i) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid- up; 
 (ii) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities including by way of bonus 
from the date of this resolution till the date of expiry of the Buyback Period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of warrants, stock opti on schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares;  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
(iii) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further capital for 
a period of either six months or one year , as the case may be, under the Companies Act and 
SEBI Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the Buyback Period;  
 
(iv) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, shall not make any 
further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares or 
other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months after the completion of the Buyback 
except by way of bonus shares or equity shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of 
preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares;  
 
(v) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any person 
through negotiated deal whether on or off the S tock Exchanges or through spot transactions or 
through any private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;  
 
(vi) the aggregate maximum amount of the Buyback i.e. INR 900,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Nine 
Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the total paid- up Equity Share 
capital and free reserves of the Company based on both audited standalone and  consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount;  
 
(vii) the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback i.e. 58,82,352 (Fifty 
Eight Lakhs Eighty Two Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares, does not 
exceed 25% of the total number of Equity shares in the total paid- up Equity Share capital of the 
Company as per the latest audited standalone or consolidated financial statement of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets ou t a lower amount;  
 
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the Companies Act (“Scheme ”) involving the Company, and no public announcement of the 
Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme;  
 (ix) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
 
(x) the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior consent of its 
lenders in case it results in a breach of any covenant with such lenders;  
 
(xi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
 
(xii) the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity 
Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed (if 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
applicable) in the manner prescribed under the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Companies 
Act within the specified timelines; 
 
(xiii) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing of this 
resolution and within such period as may be prescribed in the SEBI Buyback Regulations ;  
 
(xiv) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of the offer 
of the Buyback is made;  
 (xv) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the Buyback 
in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and any other applicable laws;  
 
(xvi) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions for the 
purpose of buying back its Equity Shares;  
 
(xvii)  the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, if any or through any investment company or 
group of investment companies;  
 (xviii)  the Company has been in compliance with Sections  92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Companies Act; 
 
(xix) there are no subsisting defaults in the repayment of deposits, interest payment thereon, 
redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or 
payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable 
thereon to any financial institution or banking company;  
 
(xx) the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked -in or non- transferable, until the 
pendency of such lock- in, or until the time the Equity Shares become transferable, as applicable;  
 (xxi) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves, after the Buyback, based on 
both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company a s on March 31, 2026, 
whichever sets out a lower amount ; 
 (xxii)  the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such 
sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such 
transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements;  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
(xxiii)  the Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges;  
 
(xxiv)  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR  Regulations;  
 
(xxv)  the Company shall submit the information regarding the Equity Shares bought back by the 
Company to the Stock Exchanges on a daily basis in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and in such form as may be prescribed by SEBI so as to enable the Stock Exchanges 
to upload the same on their website immediately;  
 
(xxvi)  as per Regulation 24(i )(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the promoters and members of 
promoter group, other than the Company, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified 
securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges or off -market transactions 
(inclu ding inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the promoters and members of promoter 
group) from the date of this resolution till the closing of the Buyback offer; and  
 (xxvii)  the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period of one year 
immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting .”  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  the Buyback from shareholders/ beneficial owners, who are persons resident 
outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors/ foreign institutional investors, erstwhile 
overseas corporate bodies and non- resident Indians, shall be subject to such nec essary approvals as may 
be required, including approvals of the Reserve Bank of India, if any, under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and the same shall be procured 
by such shareholders, if applicab le.” 
 
B. “RESOLVED THAT Mr. Bharat K. Sheth, Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Keki Mistry, 
Independent Director and Mr. Anand Punde, Company Secretary be and are hereby jointly authorised 
to finalise the public announcement in consultation with the merchant banker and to sign the public announcement and corrigendum thereto, if any, on behalf of the Company.”  
 
C. “RESOLVED THAT the powers of the Board in respect of Buyback be and are hereby delegated to 
the committee comprising of Mr. Ke ki Mistry , Independent Director, Mr s. Bhavna Doshi, Independent  
Director, Mrs. Kalpana Morparia, Independent Director and Mr. G. Shivakumar , Executive Director 
and the Chief Financial Officer  of the Company (the “ Buyback Committee ”).” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee be and is hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters, and things, as it may in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual 
or proper, in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders in connection wit h the Buyback, 
including but not limited to:  
 
www.greatship.com  
 
 
(i) preparing, finalizing, dating, approving, modifying, signing (in accordance with applicable law), 
issuing, re -issuing and filing with the appropriate statutory/ other authorities the public 
announcement  (including corrigenda, if required)  and all other documents, resolutions, 
advertisements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the certificate for extinguishment and physical destruction of share certificates, if any, and other documents 
required in connection with the Buyback, and causing the declaration of solvency and supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable laws and such alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be deemed to have been approved by the Board;  
  
(ii) obtaining all necessary consents, certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties (including lenders) as required;  
 
(iii) take necessary actions and steps for obtaining relevant approvals from the Appropriate 
Authorities and/ or third parties, including statutory auditors (if any required) to implement the 
Buyback;  
 
(iv) carrying out incidental documentation, preparing  applications and submit ting them to the 
Appropriate Authorities that may arise in relation to the implementation of the Buyback;  
 (v) settling and resolving all such questions, difficulties or doubts raised by Appropriate Authorities that may arise in relation to the implementation of the Buyback;  
 
(vi) accept such conditions and modifications that may be suggested by any statutory auditor, or 
Appropriate Authorities and in accordance with that, amend or modify, such terms of the 
Buyback, except the quantum and the Maximum Buyback Price at which, the shar es of the 
Company would be bought back;  
 
(vii) opening, operating and closing of all necessary accounts for this purpose, including bank 
accounts, trading account, depository accounts, escrow account, broking account, demat account or any other accounts as required, and entering into agreements with and to give instructions in 
connection therewith and/or to delegate the operation of such accounts as required under 
applicable law as may be necessary for the Buyback and to decide authorized signatories for such 
accounts and for the purpose of payment and authorizing persons to operate such account;  
 
(viii) appointing, authorizing, entering into agreements with and issuing necessary instructions to the 
investor service centre and escrow agent;  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
(ix) depositing and/or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into escrow and finalizing the 
composition/ combination of such deposit into escrow in accordance with Regulation 20 of the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations and the escrow agreement entered into wit h the escrow agent;  
 (x) appointing, authorizing, entering into agreements with and issuing necessary instructions to the manager, broker, legal advisor, registrar, investor service centre, escrow agent, advertising 
agencies, bankers to the Buyback and all other intermediaries, advisors, consultants, etc., as may 
be necessary, desired or considered expedient for the implementation of the Buyback, to enter into and execute all such arrangeme nts, contracts, agreements, memorandum, documents, etc., in 
connection therewith;  
 
(xi) altering, modifying, amending the appointment/engagement and terms and conditions (including 
terms pertaining to remuneration/payment of commission, brokerage fees and charges) of all the 
intermediaries and other third parties appointed for the Buyback;  
 
(xii) giving information explanation, declarations and confirmation in relation to the public 
announcement, and any other advertisements, as may be required by the relevant authorities;  
 
(xiii) to commence the Buyback process from the market and to decide on the number of Equity Shares  
and price at which orders will be placed with the broker and the timings of these orders and to 
place such orders;  
 
(xiv) closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the Companies 
Act, SEBI Buyback Regulations, SEBI LODR Regulations and other applicable laws;  
 (xv) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the website of the Company and filing the same with the Stock Exchanges as required under 
applicable law;  
 
(xvi) providing such confirmation and opinions as may be required in relation to the Buyback;  
 
(xvii)  creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records and furnishing requisite returns 
to Appropriate Authorities;  
 
(xviii)  to authorise  officials of the Company to sign the documents as may be necessary with regard to 
the Buyback wherever necessary on relevant documents required to be executed for the Buyback 
and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of various docum ents and such other 
undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and correspondence as may be necessary for the 
implementation of the Buyback to the Appropriate Authorities;  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
(xix) taking all actions for extinguishment of dematerialized shares in respect of the Equity Shares 
bought back by the Company;  
 
(xx) doing all such acts, deeds, matters or things, and executing such documents, forms, letters, 
confirmations, including the execution of documents under common seal of the Company as may 
be required, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit a nd file all necessary forms, 
letters, applications, e- forms and other documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection 
with or incidental to the Buyback or as may in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper or are neces sary, expedient, usual or proper with regard to the 
implementation in connection with or in furtherance of the Buyback;  
 
(xxi) delegating all or any of the authorities conferred as above to any authorized 
representative(s) of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution or to accept 
any change(s) or modification(s) as may be suggested by the Appropriate Authorities or 
advisors. ” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Keki Mistry shall be the Chairman of the Committee.”  
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for 
implementing the Buyback shall be any two members  and Buyback Committee may regulate its own 
proceedings and meet as often as required, to discharge its functions and may approve the above resolutions including by way of circular resolution .” 
 D. “RESOLVED THAT  the Company shall, within one working day from the date of public 
announcement, send intimation  through electronic mode regarding the open- market  buyback offer to 
those persons who were its shareholders as on the date of making the public announcement.”  
 
E. “RESOLVED THAT an Escrow Account designated as “GESCO – Buyback 2026 Escrow 
Account”  be opened at Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, Mumbai, a scheduled commercial bank and 
deposit in cash a sum of 25% of the Maximum Buyback Size, in a timely manner and that a sum equivalent to 2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size shall be maintained at all points of time until 
fulfilment of the Company’s obligations under the SEBI Buyback Regulations in accordance with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy- back of Securities) Regulation s, 2018 (“Buyback 
Regulations”).  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  that any one of the following authorized signatories acting singly 
be and is hereby authorized to open, operate and close the Escrow Account; to finalize, sign and 
execute the Escrow Agreement and issue instructions, including issuing irrevocable / escrow instructions with regard to the aforesaid Escrow Account in accordance with t he Buyback Regulations 
and also to carry out all incidental actions and to sign, execute and submit such applications, 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
undertakings, agreements and other requisite documents, writings and deeds as may deemed necessary 
or expedient to give effect to the resolution:  
  
Mr. G. Shivakumar, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Anand Punde, Company Secretary  
Mr. Vikrant Mungekar, Head (Accounts & MIS)  
Ms. Anjali Kumar, General Manager (Corporate Finance and Investor Relations)  
Mr. Sanjeev Jatakia, General Manager (Accounts & MIS)  
  
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any signatory from above severally be and is hereby authorized to 
convey to Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited acceptance on behalf of the Company of the said escrow 
services on the terms and conditions as may be contained in the escrow agreement.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in the event of non- fulfilment of the obligations under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations by the Company, the monies deposited in the Escrow Account to the extent of 
2.5% of the Maximum Buyback Size may be forfeited as per the terms of Regulation 20 of the SEB I 
Buyback Regulations, and the amount forfeited shall be deposited in the Investor Protection and 
Education Fund of the SEBI.”  
 
F. “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  KFin Technologies Limited  (“KFinTech ”), be and is hereby 
appointed and designated as the Registrar to the Issue and Share Transfer Agent for the purposes of 
the Buyback in accordance with the applicable laws including the SEBI Buyback Regulations, on such 
terms and conditions as may be mutua lly agreed between KFinTech  and the Company.”  
 
G. “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 
Mr. Anand Punde , be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback , and that 
KFin Technologies Limited , the Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent of the Company be 
and is hereby appointed as the ‘investors service centre’ for ensuring compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations and to redress the grievances, if any, of the investors .” 
 H. “RESOLVED THAT the draft engagement letter setting out the terms as mutually agreed between the 
Company and Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited  (“Kotak ”), and the appointment of Kotak  as 
the merchant banker to the Buyback in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations, be and is hereby 
approved.”  
 
I. “RESOLVED THAT the Board hereby takes on record the engagement letter dated August 18, 2026, setting out the terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas 
(“CAM ”), and the appointment of CAM as legal counsel in relation to the Buyback be and hereby 
ratified and approved.”  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
J. “RESOLVED THAT  Kotak Securities Limited  (the “ Broker ”) be and is hereby appointed as the 
registered broker to the Company to undertake the Buyback on such terms and conditions as may be 
mutually agreed between the Broker and the Company, and the Company do hereby open a broking 
account with the Broker for t he purposes of the Buyback.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company be registered as client with Kotak Securities Limited, 
a member of the BSE, NSE, for the purpose of dealing in equities, derivatives, debentures, debt and other products and the said member be and is hereby authorised to honour instructions or al or written, 
given on behalf of the Company by any of the under noted authorised signatories: -  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Designation  
1 Mr. G. Shivakumar  Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer  
2 Mr. Anand Punde  Company Secretary  
3 Mr. Vikrant 
Mungekar  Head (Accounts & MIS)  
4 Ms. Anjali Kumar  General Manager (Corporate Finance and Investor 
Relations)  
5 Mr. Sanjeev Jatakia  General Manager (Accounts & MIS)  
 
who are authorised to sell, purchase, transfer, endorse, negotiate and / or otherwise deal with / deal through Kotak Securities Limited on behalf of the Company.”  
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  aforesaid officers acting singly be and are hereby authorised to 
sign, execute and submit such applications, undertakings, agreements and other requisite documents, writings and deeds as may deemed necessary or expedient to give effect to this resolution. ” 
  
K. “RESOLVED THAT , the Board hereby takes on record the draft report to be  issued by M/s Deloitte 
Haskins & Sells LLP , the statutory auditor s of the Company, as required under clause (xi) of Schedule 
I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.”  
 
L. “RESOLVED THAT Mr. Anand Punde, Company Secretary and Mr. G. Shivakumar, Executive 
Director and Chief Financial Officer be and is hereby severally authorized to send the necessary 
intimations to the Stock Exchanges in relation to Buyback, as may be required under the SEBI LODR 
Regulations.”  
 
 
www.greatship.com  
 
M. “RESOLVED THAT a depository account of the Company named as ‘The Great Eastern Shipping 
Co. Ltd -  Buyback- 2026- 27’ be opened with Ventura Securities Limited.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any one of the following officers of the Company viz . Mr. G. 
Shivakumar, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Anand Punde, Company Secretary, 
Mr. Vikrant Mungekar, Head (Accounts & MIS), Ms. Anjali Kumar, General Manager (Corporate 
Finance and Investor Relations) and Mr. Sanjeev Jatakia, General  Manager (Accounts) acting singly 
be and are hereby authorized to sign and operate , execute and submit such applications, undertakings, 
agreements and other requisite documents, writings and deeds as may deemed necessary or expedient 
to give effect to the resolution.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Common Seal of the company be affixed, wherever necessary, 
in the presence of Mr. G. Shivakumar, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer or Mr. Anand 
Punde, Company Secretary who shall sign the same in token of their presence.”  
  
N. “RESOLVED THAT  any of the directors of the Company and /or the Company Secretary for 
the time being, be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e -forms with the RoC, 
and to do all such acts, deeds and things or incidental for signing and filing of forms, p ayment 
of fees etc. and to do all such other acts, things and deeds, as may be required for the aforesaid 
purpose or other services as that may be necessary to give effect to the above resolutions.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy of the above resolution be furnished to the concerned 
authorities duly certified by the Company Secretary or Executive Director and  Chief Financial Officer  
of the Company.”  
 
O. “RESOLVED THAT  the Common Seal of the company be affixed, wherever necessary on any of the 
aforesaid documents, in the presence of Mr. G. Shivakumar, Executive Director & Chief Financial 
Officer or Mr. Anand Punde, Company Secretary who shall sign the same in token of their presence.”  
  
Certified True Copy  
For THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING CO MPANY LIMITED  
 
 
ANAND PUNDE  
Company Secretary  
 
 