 
B-38, GHCL House, Institutional Area, Sector- 1, Naida, (U.P.) - 201301, India. Ph.: +91-120-2535335, 4939900, Fax: +91-120-
2535209 CIN: L24100GJ1983PLC006513, E-mail: ghclinfo@ghcl.co.in, Website: www.ghcl.co.in  
Regd. Office: GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Near Navrangpura Bus Stand, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 380009, India 
November 17, 2025                                                                             माग[शीष[, कृçण प¢, ğयोदशी 
                                                                                                            ͪवĐम सàवत २०८२ 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Code: GHCL   
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Code: 500171  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Letter of Offer pertaining to buyback of up to 41,37,931 fully paid-up equity 
shares having a face value of INR 10/- each (“Equity Shares”) of GHCL Limited (“Company”), on 
a proportionate basis through tender offer route (“Buyback”), pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 7 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended (“SEBI Buyback Regulations”). 
 
 Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
This is with reference to the captioned subject and in furtherance of our earlier intimations regarding 
public announcement of Buyback dated November 03, 2025, published on November 04, 2025; please 
find enclosed herewith the Letter of Offer dated November 17, 2025 (“LOF”) the dispatch of which will be 
completed by November 18, 2025 to the Eligible Shareholders as of the Record Date being Friday, 
November 14, 2025.  
 
The Letter of Offer, Tender Forms for demat and physical shareholders, Securities Transfer Form be 
available on the websites of the Company (www.ghcl.co.in), the Manager to the Buyback 
(www.systematixgroup.in), the Registrar (www.in.mpms.mufg.com), SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in), NSE 
(www.nseindia.com) or BSE(www.bseindia.com).  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you  
Yours truly  
 
For GHCL Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhuwneshwar Mishra  
Vice President - Sustainability & Company Secretary  
(Membership No.: FCS 5330 
 
Enclosed: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LETTER OF OFFER  
               THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
This letter of  offer (“Letter of Offer” ) is being sent to you as a registered Equity Shareholder/ Beneficial Owner (as defined below)  of the Equity Shares of GHCL 
Limited (the “ Company ”) as on the Record Date , being Friday , November 14 , 2025 in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI Buyback Regulations ”). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you should consult 
your stock broker or your investment consultant or the Manager to the Buyback Offer i.e. Systematix Corporate Services Limited or the Registrar to the 
Buyback Offer i.e. MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) .  
Please refer to the section on “Definitions of Key Terms” on Page 4 of this Letter of Offer for the definition s of the capitalized terms used herein.  
 
 
GHCL L IMITED  
Registered Office:  GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat)  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN):  L24100GJ1983PLC006513  
Tel No.: +91-079-26427519/+91 -079-26427818.   
Email:  secretarial@ghcl.co.in;   Website:  www.ghcl.co.in   
Contact Person:  Mr. Bhuwneshwar Mishra , Vice President - Sustainability & Company Secretary  
 
OFFER TO BUYBACK UP TO  41,37,931  (FORTY ONE LAKHS THIRTY SEVEN THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED AND THIRTY ONE) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY  SHARES 
OF THE COMPANY OF FACE VALUE OF INR 10 (INDIAN RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH, REPRESENTING 4.31 % OF THE EQUITY SHARES IN THE EXISTING TOTAL 
PAID -UP EQUITY CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY FROM ALL ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS (EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS AS ON THE RECORD DATE, BEING  FRIDAY, 
NOVEMBER 14, 2025 ) ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS, THROUGH THE ‘TENDER OFFER’ PROCESS, AT A PRICE OF INR 725/- (INDIAN RUPEES SEVEN 
HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE, PAYABLE IN CASH, FOR AN AGGREGATE MAXIMUM AMOUNT NOT EXCEEDING INR  
3,00,00,00,000 /- (INDIAN RUPEES THREE HUNDRED CRORES ONLY) EXCLUDING THE TRANSACTION COSTS  (THE “BU YBACK”) . 
1) The Buyback is in accordance with Article 32 of the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 and any other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and the rules framed thereunder including the Share Capital Rules, Management Rules , to the extent 
applica ble, Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI Circulars and the Listing Regulations, and including any amendments, statutory mo difications or 
re-enactments thereof, for the time being in force and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemp tions and sanctions, as may be 
necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by the SEBI, ROC, NSE, BSE and/ or ot her authorities while 
granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be a greed by the Board . 
2) The Buyback Size represents 8.73% and 8.71%  of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves  (including securities premium 
account)  as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 202 5, respectively and does not 
exceed 25% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital, securities premium and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited  
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2025.  
3) The Letter of Offer will be electronically sent to the Equity Shareholders/ Beneficial Owners of Equity Shares as on the Reco rd Date i.e., Friday , 
November 14, 2025  in accordance with the Buyback Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable. Further, in terms  of 
Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a co py of the Letter of Offer 
in physical form, the same shall be provided .  
4) The procedure for tendering shares and settlement is set out in paragraph 21 (Procedure for Tender  Offer  and Settlement) on page no. 42 of this Letter 
of Offer. The form of acceptance cum acknowledgement (“ Tender Form ”) along with share transfer form (“ Form SH -4”) is enclosed together with this 
Letter of Offer.  
5) The procedure for Acceptance is set out in paragraph 20 (Process and Methodology for the Buyback) on page no. 38 of this Letter of Offer. The payment 
of consideration is in cash to the Eligible Shareholders. For mode of payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders, please refer to paragraph 
21 (Procedure for Tender Offer and Settlement) on page no. 42 of this Letter of Offer.   
6) A copy of the Public Announcement , and th is Letter of Offer (along with the Tender Form and Form SH -4) shall be available on the websites of the 
Company ( www.ghcl.co.in ), Manager to the Buyback ( www.systematixgroup.in ), Registrar to the Buyback (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ) and is expected 
to be available on the websites of S ecurities and Exchange Board of India  (“SEBI ”) (www.sebi.gov.in  ), National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) 
(www.nseindia.com  ) and BSE  Limited (“ BSE”) (www.bseindia.com  ). 
7) Eligible Shareholders are advised to read the Letter of Offer and in particular, refer to paragraph 18 (Details of Statutory Approvals) on page no.  37 of 
this Letter of Offer and paragraph  22 (Note on Taxation) on page no.  51 of this Letter of Offer before tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback . 
 
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
 
Systematix Corporate Services Limited  
The Capital, A Wing, 603 -606, 6th Floor, Plot No. C -70, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India.  
Tel: +91-22-6704 8000  
Email: ecm@systematixgroup.in  
Website: www.systematixgroup.in  
Contact Person:  Jinal Sanghvi / Mohit Ladkani  
SEBI Registration No:  INM000004224   
 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park,   
Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West) , 
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400083, India  
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Email : ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com   
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com   
Contact Person:  Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000004058  
BUYBACK PROGRAMME  
BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2025  
BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 2025  
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED DOCUMENTS INCLUDING PHYSICAL SHARE CERTIFICATES BY THE REG ISTRAR TO 
THE BUYBACK: ON OR BEFORE  WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER 26, 2025  BY 5.00  PM (IST) . 
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT * 
CATEGORY OF ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT  
RESERVED CATEGORY FOR SMALL SHAREHOLDERS  78 EQUITY SHARE S FOR EVERY 893 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
GENERAL CATEGORY FOR ALL OTHER ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  9 EQUITY SHARE S FOR EVERY 181 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
* For further information on ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each category, please refer paragraph 20.5 on page no.  38 of the Letter of Offer.  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS GIVEN BELOW :  
1) Click on https://in.mpms.mufg.com/Offer/Default.aspx   
2) Select the name of the Company – GHCL Limited – Buyback - 2025  
3) Select holding type - “Demat” or “Physical” or “PAN”   
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your ‘DPID CLID’ or ‘Folio Number’ or ‘PAN’   
5) Click on submit button  
6) Then click on ‘View’ button  
7) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’  

2 
  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  3 
2. DEFINITIONS OF KEY TERMS  4 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  8 
4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  11 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  17 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK OFFER  17 
7. INTENTION OF PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO 
PARTICIPATE IN BUYBACK  21 
8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  21 
9. OBJECTIVE/ NECESSITY FOR BUYBACK  22 
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY  22 
11. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK OFFER PRICE  24 
12. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  24 
13. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT TO BE DEPOSITED THEREIN AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  25 
14. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN  25 
15. BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  27 
16. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  32 
17. STOCK MARKET DATA  34 
18. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  37 
19. DETAILS OF REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRE  37 
20. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  38 
21. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER OFFER AND SETTLEMENT  42 
22. NOTE ON TAXATION  51 
23. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  54 
24. REPORT BY COMPANY’S STATUTORY AUDITOR  55 
25. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  58 
26. DETAILS OF COMPLIANCE OFFICER  59 
27. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS/BENEFICIAL OWNERS  59 
28. INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE AND REGISTRAR TO BUYBACK  60 
29. MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  60 
30. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  60 
31. TENDER FORMS  61 
 
 
  
 
 
3 
 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  
 
Activity  Schedule of Activities  
Day  Date  
Date of Board Meeting approving the proposal for the Buyback  Saturday  November 01, 2025  
Date of Public Announcement for the Buyback  Monday  November 0 3, 2025  
Date of Publication of the Public Announcement for the Buyback  Tuesday  November 04, 2025  
Record Date for determining the Eligible Shareholders and the 
Buyback Entitlement  Friday  November 14, 2025  
Buyback Opening Date   Thursday  November 20, 2025  
Buyback Closing Date  Wednesday  November 26, 2025  
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms and other specified 
documents including physical share certificates (if applicable) by the 
Registrar to the Buyback  Wednesday  November 26, 2025  
Last date of verification of Tender Forms by Registrar to the Buyback  Friday  November 28 , 2025  
Last date of intimation to the Designated Stock Exchange regarding 
Acceptance/ non -acceptance of the tendered Equity Shares by the 
Registrar  Monday  December 0 1, 2025  
Last date of completion of settlement by the Clearing 
Corporation/Stock Exchanges  Tuesday  December 02, 2025  
Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) by the Registrar to the 
Buyback / payment to Eligible Shareholders / unblocking/ return of 
unaccepted Demat Shares by the Stock Exchanges to Eligible 
Shareholders/Seller Broker  Tuesday  December 02, 2025  
Last date of payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders who 
participated in the Buyback  Tuesday  December 02, 2025  
Last date of extinguishment of the Equity Shares bought Back  Thursday  December 11, 2025  
Note: Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may take place on or before the respective last 
dates.  
  
4 
  
2. DEFINITIONS OF KEY TERMS  
 
This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies 
or specified otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any legislation, act, regulation, rule, 
guideline, policy, circular, notification or clarification shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline, po licy, 
circular, notification or clarification as amended, supplemented, or re -enacted from time to time and any reference to 
a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision.  
 
The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer but  not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such 
terms under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Companies Act, the Depositories Act and the rules and regulations 
made thereunder.  
 
Term  Description  
Acceptance  or Accept  or 
Accepted  Acceptance of fully paid -up Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders in 
the Buyback Offer.  
Acquisition Window  The facility for acquisition of Equity Shares through mechanism provided by the 
Designated Stock Exchange in the form of a separate window in accordance 
with the SEBI Circulars.  
Act or Companies Act  The Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time and the rules framed 
thereunder.  
Additional Equity Shares or 
Additional Shares  Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder over and above 
the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholders up to the extent of 
Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder on the Record Date . 
Articles of Association or AOA  Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time.  
Board or Board of Directors  Board of directors of the Company (which term shall, unless repugnant to the 
context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include a duly authorized ‘Buyback 
Committee ’ thereof).  
Board Meeting  Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on Saturday, 
November 01 , 2025 approving the proposal for the Buyback Offer.  
BSE  BSE Limited.  
Buyback  or Buy -Back or Buyback  
Offer  or Offer   Offer by the Company to buyback not exceeding  41,37,931 (Forty  One Lakhs 
Thirty  Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty  One) fully paid -up Equity 
Shares of face value of INR 10/ - (Indian Rupees Ten Only) each at a price of INR 
725/- (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty  Five Only) per Equity Share 
from all the Eligible Shareholders, as on Record Date through the Tender Offer 
process on a proportionate basis in terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations read 
with the SEBI Circulars, for an aggregate consideration of up to INR 
3,00,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees  Three Hundred Crores  Only) . 
Buyback Closing Date  Wednesday, November 26, 2025  
Buyback Committee  The Buy back Committee of the Board is constituted and authorized for the 
purposes of the Buy back by a resolution passed by the Board at its meeting 
held on November 01 , 2025 , comprising of Mr. Ravi Shanker Jalan, Managing 
Director, Mr. Raman Chopra, CFO & Executive Director (Finance), Mr. Neelabh 
Dalmia, Executive Director (Growth &  Diversification  Projects) and that 
Company Secretary shall act as the Secretary to the Buyback Committee.  
Buyback Entitlement or  
Entitlement  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is entitled to tender 
in the Buyback, which is computed based on the number of Equity Shares held 
by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date and the ratio /percentage  of 
Buyback applicable in the category, to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs.  
 
Note: Since the promoters of the Company and members of the promoter 
group of the Company have declared their intention not to participate in the 
Buyback, Equity Shares held by them ha ve not been considered for the 
purposes of computing the entitlement ratio . 
Buyback Opening Date  Thursday, November 20, 2025  
5 
 Buyback Period  The period between the date of the Board Meeting to approve the Buyback 
i.e., November 01 , 2025, and the date on which the payment of consideration 
is made to the Eligible Shareholders who have accepted the Buyback . 
Buyback Price  or Offer Price  Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Eligible Shareholders 
i.e., INR 725/- (Indian Rupees  Seven Hundred and Twenty Five Only) per Equity 
Share , payable in cash.  
Buyback Regulations  or SEBI 
Buyback Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended.  
Buyback Size  or Offer Size  Number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back i.e.,  up to 41,37,931 
(Forty One Lakhs Thirty Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty One) Equity 
Shares multiplied by the Buyback Offer Price i.e., INR 725/ - (Indian Rupees 
Seven Hundred and Twenty Five Only) per Equity Share aggregating to INR 
3,00,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only) , excluding 
Transaction Costs.  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited.  
CIN  Corporate Identity Number.  
Clearing Corporation  The Indian Clearing Corporation Limited and the NSE Clearing Limited 
(formerly  known as National Securities Clearing Corporation Limited) , as 
applicable.  
“Company” or “Our Company” or 
“we” or “us” or “our” or “ GHCL ” GHCL Limited . 
Company Demat Account  A demat account held by the Company, wherein Demat Shares bought back in 
the Buyback would be transferred.  
“Company’s Broker” or “SSSIL” 
or “Buying Broker”  Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Limited.  
Compliance Officer  Mr. Bhuwneshwar Mishra, Vice President – Sustainability & Company 
Secretary  
Depositories  NSDL and CDSL.  
Depositories Act  Depositories Act, 1996 and rules framed thereunder, each as amended.  
Designated Stock Exchange  or 
DSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  (NSE)  
DIN Director Identification Number.  
Director(s)  Director(s) of the Company  
DP Depository Participant.  
DTAA  Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.  
Eligible Person(s)  or Eligible 
Shareholders  or Eligible 
Members  Equity Shareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback and would mean all 
shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares on the Record Date being 
Friday, November 14 , 2025 , but  does not include such shareholders/ beneficial 
owners of the Equity Shares who are not permitted under the applicable law to 
tender shares in the Buyback.  
Equity Share(s)  or Share(s)  Fully paid -up equity share(s) of face value of INR  10/- (Indian Rupees Ten Only) 
each of the Company.  
Equity Shareholder(s) or 
Shareholder(s) or Members  Shareholder  / Beneficial owner of the Equity Shares of the Company.  
EPS Earnings per Equity Share.  
Escrow Account  The Escrow account opened with ICICI Bank Limited in accordance with 
Buyback Regulations, in the name of “ GHCL Limited – Buyback Offer – Escrow 
Account ” bearing the account number 000405164784 . 
Escrow Agent  ICICI Bank Limited  
Escrow Agreement  The agreement dated November 1, 2025 entered into between the Company, 
ICICI Bank Limited  (as Escrow Agent) and Systematix Corporate Services 
Limited (as Manager to the Buyback Offer), pursuant to which certain 
arrangements for Escrow Account is made in relation to the Buyback.  
FEMA  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended from time to time, 
including rules, regulations, circulars, directions and notifications issued 
6 
 thereunder.  
FIIs Foreign Institutional Investor(s) registered under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.  
FPIs Foreign Portfolio Investors as defined under Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended.  
General Category  Eligible Shareholders other than the Small Shareholders of the Company.  
HUF  Hindu Undivided Family.  
INR Indian Rupee(s)  
IT Act  or Income Tax Act  
  The Income  Tax Act, 1961, as amended.  
LOF or Letter of Offer  This letter of offer dated November 17 , 2025 to be filed with SEBI containing 
disclosures in relation to the Buyback as specified under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations  
MCA  Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  
Promoter and Promoter Group or 
Promoters and members of 
Promoter Group  Promoter s and promoter group as have been disclosed under the filings made 
by the Company under the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended.  
“Merchant Banker to the Buyback” 
or “Merchant Banker” or 
“Manager to the Buyback 
Offer/Offer”  Systematix Corporate Services Limited.  
NA Not Applicable.  
Non -Resident Shareholders  Includes Non -resident Indians (NRI) and FIIs / FPIs as defined under Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, as 
amended.  
NRI Non -Resident  Indian.  
NSDL     National Securities Depository Limited.  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
OCB  Overseas Corporate Bodies.  
Offer Period or Tendering 
Period  Period of 5 (five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date i.e. Thursday, 
November 20, 2025  to Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednesday, November 26, 
2025  (both days inclusive)  
PA or Public Announcement  The public announcement dated November 0 3, 2025, made in accordance with 
the Buyback Regulations, published on Tuesday, November 04, 2025 , in the 
newspapers set out in paragraph 5 (Details of Public Announcement) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
PAN Permanent Account Number.  
Physical Share(s)  Equity Share(s) of the Company in physical form.  
RBI Reserve Bank of India.  
Record Date  The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and the 
names of the Eligible Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer (including the 
Tender Form) will be sent, and who are eligible to participate in the Buyback in 
accordance with the Buyback Regulations. The Record Date for the Buyback is 
Friday, November 14, 2025 . 
Registrar to the Buyback 
Offer/Offer or Registrar  MUFG Intime India Private Limited.  
Reserved Category  Small Shareholders eligible to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
RoC or Registrar of Companies  Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, at Ahmedabad . 
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India.  
SEBI Circular (s) Tendering of Equity Shares by Shareholders and settlement of the same, 
through the stock exchange mechanism as specified by SEBI in the circular 
bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with 
the SEBI circular bearing number CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 
7 
 09, 2016 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 
13, 2021,  circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 
2023  and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, including 
any amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force.  
SEBI Listing Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.  
Seller Member/ Seller Broker  The stockbroker (who is member of the NSE and/or BSE) of an Eligible 
Shareholder through whom the order for selling the Equity Shares of Eligible 
Shareholders will be placed in the Acquisition Window.  
Small Shareholder(s)  As defined under Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations and in relation 
to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder who holds Equity Shares of 
market value of not more than INR 2,00,000 ( Indian Rupees Two Lakhs only), 
on the basis of closing price on BSE or NSE, whichever registers the highest 
trading volume in respect of the Equity Shares on the Record Date, i.e.,  Friday, 
November 14, 2025 . 
Statutory Auditor  S R Batliboi & Co. LLP , Chartered Accountants  
Stock Exchanges  Together, BSE and NSE, being the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of 
the Company are listed  
Stock Exchange Mechanism  The “Mechanism for Acquisition of Shares through Stock Exchange”, notified 
by the SEBI Circulars  
Takeover Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares 
and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended.  
Tender Form  Form of Acceptance –cum –Acknowledgement.  
Tender Offer  Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 2(1)(q) of the Buyback 
Regulations.  
Transaction Costs  Any expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback viz. tax on buyback, 
securities transaction tax and goods and services tax (if any), stamp duty, 
advisors fees, public announcement publication fees, addendum to public 
announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, if any, 
and other incidental and related expenses and charges.  
TRS Transaction Registration Slip.  
Working day (s) Working day as defined under 2(1)(s) of the Buyback Regulations.  
 
Certain conventions, currency of presentation, use of financial information and stock market data  
Page Numbers and Paragraph Numbers  
 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to page numbers and paragraph numbers in this Letter of Offer are to page 
numbers of this Letter of Offer.  
 
Currency and Units of Presentation  
 
All references to “Rupee(s)”, “Rs.” or “INR” or “₹” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India.  
 
Financial and Other Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, our financial information in this Letter of Offer is derived from our 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 
2024, and March 31, 2023, and from our unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results for the six -month 
period ended September 30, 2025 .  
 
Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 of each year and ends on March 31 of the next year (referred to 
herein as “Financial Year”,  “Fiscal”, “Fiscal Year” or “FY”). All data related to financials are given in ₹ Crores  unless 
otherwise stated.  
 
8 
 Stock Market Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, stock market data included in this Letter of Offer is derived from the 
websites of the Stock Exchanges.  
 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
 
3.1 As required  under the SEBI Buyback Regulations , a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted to SEBI. It is to be 
distinctly understood that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should not, in any way,  be deemed or construed 
that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial 
soundness of the Company to meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements made or 
opinions expressed in the Letter of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback has certified that the disclosures made in the 
Letter of Offer are generally adequate and are in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI 
Buyback Regulations. This requirement is to facilitate Eligible Shareholders to take an informed decision for tendering 
their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
 
3.2 It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the correctness, adequacy 
and disclosure of all relevant information in the Letter of Offer, the Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise 
due diligence to ensure that the Company discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose, the 
Manager to the Buyback has furnished to SEBI a due diligence certificate dated November 17,  2025, in accordance 
with Buyback Regulations which reads as follows : 
 
“We have examined various documents and materials contained in the annexure to this letter, as part of the due -
diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization of the public announcement Monday, November 03, 2025  
for the Buyback (“ Public Announcement ”) which was published on Tuesday, November 04, 2025 and the Letter of Offer 
dated November 17 , 2025 (“ Letter of Offer ”). On the basis of  such examination and the discussions with the Company, 
we hereby state that:  
 
• the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the documents, materials and papers 
relevant to the Buyback;  
 
• all the legal requirements connected with the said Buyback including the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended, have been duly complied with;  
 
• the disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best of our knowledge, true, fair and 
adequate in all material respects for the Eligible Shareholders to make a well -informed decision in respect of the 
Buyback offer; and  
 
• funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended.”  
 
3.3 The filing of the Letter of Offer with SEBI does not, however, absolve the Company from any liabilities under the 
provisions of the Companies Act or from the requirement of obtaining such statutory or other clearances as may be 
required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback.  
 
3.4 The Promoters, members of the Promoter Group  and Board of Directors declare and confirm that no information/ 
material likely to have a bearing on the decision of Eligible Shareholders has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or 
incorporated in the manner that would amount to mis -statement/ mis -representation and in the event of it 
transpiring at any point of time that any information/ material has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or amounts to a 
mis-statement/ mis -representation, the Promoters, members of the Promoter Group , Board of Directors and the 
Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
3.5 The Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and the Board of Directors also declare and confirm that funds 
borrowed from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the Buyback.  
  
9 
  
3.6 Important notice to all Equity Shareholders:  
 
This Letter of Offer has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this 
document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The 
Company and the Manager to the Buyback are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any 
time after the date of this Letter of Offer. The Letter of Offer shall be dispatched to all Shareholders whose names 
appear on the register of members of the Company, as of the Record Date, as per the SEBI Buyback Regulations and 
such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable. However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Equity 
Shareholders in a jurisdiction in which it would be illegal to make this Tender Offer, or where making this Tender Offer 
would require any action to be taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of the Letter of Offer under any 
local securities laws), shall not be treated by such Shareholders as an offer being made to them. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have 
declared, represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of any applicable 
local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
Special Notice to Shareholders in the United States  
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are not U.S. persons as such 
term is defined in the regulations of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and who are not 
physically present in the United States. This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an 
invitation to sell, any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not  
authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  
The Buyback is being made for securities of an Indian company and is subject to the laws of India. It is important for 
U.S. securities holders to be aware that this Letter of Offer and any other documents related to the Buyback is subject 
to tender offer laws and regulations in India, including requirements regarding the Buyback Opening Date, Buyback 
Closing Date and timing of payments, that are different from those in the U.S. and has been prepared in accordance 
with Indian format and style, which differs from customary U.S. format and style. Any financial information included 
in this Letter of Offer or in any other documents relating to the Buyback has been or will be prepared in accordance 
with non -U.S. accounting standards that may not be comparable to financial statements of companies in the United 
States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles in the United States. United States holders of Equity Shares should consult their own 
professional advisors on the merits of participating in this Buyback.  
The receipt of cash pursuant to the Buyback Offer by an Eligible Shareholder in the United States may be a taxable 
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local, as well as foreign and 
other, tax laws. Each Eligible Shareholder is urged to consult his independent professional advisor immediately 
regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Buyback.  
It may be difficult for U.S. holders of Equity Shares to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under 
the U.S. federal securities laws in connection with the Buyback, since the Company is incorporated in a country other 
than the United States, and some or all of its officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the 
United States. U.S. holders of shares in the Company may not be able to sue the Company or its officers or directors 
in a non -U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further, it may be difficult to compel the Company or its 
affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.  
NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY BODY OF THE UNITED STATES HAS 
APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE BUYBACK OR PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS 
OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED 
STATES.  
  
10 
 Disclaimer for persons in foreign countries other than United States:  
This Letter of Offer has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. This Letter of Offer 
does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in which such 
offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
Potential users of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to 
observe any applicable legal requirement or restrictions.  
This Letter of Offer together with the Public Announcement has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with 
applicable Indian laws and regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed herein may not be the same as that 
which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
any jurisdiction outside of India. Except as otherwise required by applicable Indian law, the Company and the 
Manager to the Buyback are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the 
date of this Letter of Offer. This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer in any form, or an invitation in 
any form to subscribe/purchase/sell, any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation 
is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation and as a consequence, 
subject the Company or the Manager to the Buyback to any new or additional requirements or registrations.  
No action has been or will be taken to permit the Buyback in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that 
purpose. This Letter of Offer shall be dispatched through electronic mode to all Eligible Shareholders. The Company 
shall provide a copy of the Letter of Offer in physical form in case of receipt of request from any such Eligible 
Shareholders. However, receipt of this Letter of Offer by any Equity Shareholder in a jurisdiction in which it would be 
illegal to make this Offer, or where making this Offer would require any action to be taken (including, but not 
restricted to, registration of this Letter of Offer under any local securities laws), shall not be treated by such Equity 
Shareholders as an offer being made to them. Any Equity Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the 
Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorised under 
the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
Persons in possession of this Letter of Offer are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions in their 
respective jurisdictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be 
deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of 
any applicable local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
3.7 Forward Looking Statement  
 
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking statements generally can be 
identified by words or phrases such as ‘believe’, ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, 
‘project’, ‘will’, ‘will pursue’, or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our 
objectives, strategies, plans or goals are also forward -looking statements. All forward looking statements are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the relevant forward -looking statement.  
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due to risks or uncertainties 
associated with expectations relating to, inter -alia, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries in India in which 
we operate and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and 
expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions in India 
which have an impact on its business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, 
deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the 
performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes and 
changes in competition in the industries in which the Company operates.  
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been subject to rounding -off 
adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to  2 (two) decimal points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or 
percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the 
numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or 
row.  
 
11 
 4. TEXT  OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
  
The Buyback has been authorized and approved by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on  November 01 , 
2025. The text of the resolution passed by the Board is as follows:  
 
Quote  
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to Article 32 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of Sections 68, 
69, 70 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies Act ”) read 
with, rules framed thereunder, including the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (to the extent 
applicable) (hereinafter referred to as the “Share Capital Rules ”), the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time and the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“ SEBI Buyback 
Regulations ”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended (“ SEBI Listing Regulations ”) (including re -enactment of the Companies Act or the rules made 
thereunder or the SEBI Buyback Regulations, or the SEBI Listing Regulations) and subject to such other approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions as may be necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, 
if any, as may be prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, 
Dadra and Nagar Haveli, at Ahmedabad  (the “ RoC”), BSE Limited (“ BSE”), National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) and/or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, BSE and NSE, the “ Appropriate 
Authorities ”), as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions, alterations, amendments and modifications as may 
be prescribed or imposed by them while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions 
which may be agreed by the board of directors of the Company (“Board”, which term shall be deemed to include any 
committee of the Board and/or officials, which the Board may constitute/authorise to exercise its powers, including the 
powers conferred by this resolution) hereby consents and approves the buyback by the Company of its fully paid -up 
equity shares having a face value of ₹ 10/ - (Rupees Ten only) each (“ Equity Shares ”), not exceeding 41,37,931   (Forty 
One Lakhs Thirty Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty One) Equity Shares (representing 4.32% of paid -up equity 
capital of the Company as of March 31, 2025), at a price of INR 725/ - (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty Five 
only) per Equity Share, (“ Buyback Offer Price ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Offer Price and decrease in the 
number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, such that there is no change in the aggregate size of the buyback 
as may be approved by the Board/Buyback Committee, payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 
3,00,00,00,000  /- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred Crores only), (the “ Maximum Buyback Size ”), excluding any expenses 
incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, securities transaction tax and 
goods and services tax (if any), stamp duty, filing fees to SEBI, stock exchange charges, advisors/legal fees, printing and 
dispatch expenses, if any, public announcement publication expenses and other incidental and related expenses and 
charges (“ Transaction Costs ”), which represents 8.73% and 8.71% of the aggregate of the Company’s fully paid -up 
equity share capital and free reserves as per the standalone audited financials and consolidated audited financials of the 
Company for the financial year ended as on March 31, 2025, respectively (which is within the statutory limits of 25% of 
the aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the standalone or 
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended   March 31, 2025, whichever sets out a 
lower amount, in this case being the consolidated audited financials of the Company, as per the provisions of the 
Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations) from all the shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of the 
Company except the promoters and members of the promoter group, and person(s) acting in concert ( the term 
“Promoter”/ “Promoter Group” will be such person as defined in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended) as on record date as determined by the Board on a 
later date through the (“ Tender Offer ”) route, on a proportionate basis as prescribed under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations (together with the foregoing, the “ Buyback ”); 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Regulation 42 of the Listing Regulations, Friday, November 14, 2025 (“ Record 
Date” ) shall be the Record Date for the purposes of determining the entitlement and names of the equity shareholders 
who would be eligible to participate in the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all equity shareholders of the Company, excluding the Promoters and members of Promoter 
Group  (except Golden Tobacco Limited, which is currently undergoing an insolvency process under the provisions of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016), as on the Record Date, may be eligible to participate in the Buyback, except any 
shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by Appropriate Authorities;  
12 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares 
through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by the SEBI vide 
circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December 09, 2016, SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and the SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023 including any further amendments or statutory 
modifications for the time being in force (“SEBI Circulars ”), and the Company shall approach BSE Limited and/or the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited as may be required, for facilitating the same;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its securities premium account, free 
reserves and / or such other sources as may be permitted by law, and the Buyback shall be through tender offer in such 
manner as may be prescribed under the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and on such terms and 
conditions as the Board may deem fit;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall transfer from its free 
reserves or securities premium account and / or such other sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the 
nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through the Buyback, to the capital redemption reserve account and 
the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required by Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall buyback 
Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate basis under the tender offer, provided 15% of the 
number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the 
shareholding of small shareholders at the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for small shareholders, as 
defined in the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including non -
resident Indians, foreign nationals, foreign corporate bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign 
institutional investors / foreign portfolio investors, shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent necessary  
or required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, and that such approvals shall be 
required to be taken by such non -resident shareholders themselves;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI Listing Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall not use borrowed funds, whether secured or unsecured, of any form and 
nature, from banks and financial institutions for paying the consideration to the equity shareholders who have tendered 
their Equity Shares in the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall earmark adequate sources of funds for the purpose of the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, in the event of non -fulfilment of the obligations 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations by the Company, the monies deposited in the escrow account in full or in part shall 
be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the shareholders who accepted the offer and balance if any shall be 
utilized for investor protection in accordance with SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors of the Company, based on the intention letters dated November 01, 
2025 from the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group  (except Golden Tobacco Limited, which is currently 
undergoing an insolvency process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016)  has noted the 
intention of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group not to participate in the Buyback and thus the shares 
held by such Promoters and members of the Promoter Group shall not be considered for computing the entitlement 
ratio;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, Bhuwneshwar Mishra, Vice 
President – Sustainability & Company Secretary of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer 
for the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back wherein details of Equity 
Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date 
of extinguishing and physically destroying of Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be 
entered and that, Bhuwneshwar Mishra, Vice President – Sustainability & Company Secretary of the Company be and is 
hereby authorised to authenticate the entries made in the said register;  
13 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board hereby 
confirms that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed an opinion, that:  
i. immediately following the date of this board meeting (“Board Meeting”) i.e. on November 01, 2025  approving the 
buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts;  
ii. as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of Board Meeting, and having 
regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of the Company’s business during that year and to 
the amount and character of the financial resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company 
during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered 
insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting; and  
iii. in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including prospective and 
contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the Companies Act, or the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as applicable (including prospective and contingent liabilities).  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the draft of the report proposed to be issued by S. R. 
Batliboi & Co. LLP , Chartered Accountants, the statutory auditors of the Company, as required under clause (xi) of 
Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that:  
i. all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid -up; 
ii. the Company shall not issue and allot any Shares or other specified securities including by way of bonus, till the 
expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of warrants, stock 
option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares;  
iii. unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and / or any other regulatory authority, 
the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year, as prescribed under the provisions of 
Regulation 24(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, from the expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which 
the payment of consideration is made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge 
of its subsisting obligations;  
iv. the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make a further issue of the 
same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) or other 
specified securities within a period of six months except by way of a bonus issue or in the discharge of 
subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of 
preference shares or debentures into equity shares.  
v. the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after the letter of offer is filed with SEBI or public announcement 
of the offer to Buyback is made, except where any event or restriction may render Company unable to effect 
Buyback;  
vi. the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity Shares bought 
back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed in the manner prescribed under the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and the Act within the specified timelines;  
vii. the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares until the pendency 
of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
viii. the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
ix. the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any person through 
negotiated deals whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private 
arrangement in the implementation of Buyback;  
x. there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits or interest thereon, redemption of debentures or 
interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans or 
interest payable thereon to any shareholder or financial institution or banking company, as the case may be;  
xi. that the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Act;  
14 
 xii. the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback (up to 41,37,931   Equity 
Shares), does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as at March 31, 2025;  
xiii. the Company has not undertaken a buyback of any of its securities during the period of one year immediately 
preceding the date of the Board Meeting;  
xiv. the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned from the date of expiry 
of the Buyback period i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the shareholders who 
have accepted the Buyback;  
xv. the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the Buyback in such 
manner as prescribed under the Act and / or the SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
xvi. the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing board resolution in the 
Board Meeting held on November 01, 2025 approving the Buyback;  
xvii. there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the 
provisions of the Act, as on date;  
xviii. the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice 
its paid -up capital and free reserves after the Buyback, based on audited financial statements of the Company, 
as prescribed under the Act and rules made thereunder and SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
xix. the Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its shares or other specified securities from the 
stock exchanges;  
xx. the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any subsidiary company 
including its own subsidiary companies, or through any investment company or group of investment 
companies; and  
xxi. as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Promoters and members of the Promoter 
Group, and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company 
either through the stock exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity Shares 
among the Promoters) from the date of passing of the resolution of the Board of Directors approving the 
Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  no information / material that is likely to have a bearing on the decision of investors has been 
suppressed or withheld and / or incorporated in the manner that would amount to a mis -statement or misrepresentation 
and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that any information has been suppressed or withheld and / or 
amounts to a mis -statement or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the 
provisions of the Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the approval of Board be and is hereby 
accorded for appointment of Systematix Corporate Services Limited, having its registered office at 206 -207, Bansi Trade 
Centre, 581/5, M G Road, Indore - 452001, Madhya Pradesh, India and Corporate Office at The Capital, A -wing, No. 603 – 
606, 6th Floor, Plot No. C -70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra, India as 
Manager to the Buyback and for other services related to the Buyback at such fees and other terms and conditions as 
mutually agreed with them;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the approval of Board be and is hereby 
accorded for appointment of Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Limited, having its registered office at The Capital, A -
wing, No. 603 – 606, 6th Floor, Plot No. C -70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051, 
Maharashtra, India as Buying Broker to the Buyback and for other services related to the Buyback at such fees and other 
terms and conditions as mutually agreed with them, and the consent of the Board be and hereby accorded to open a 
depository account and a trading account with Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Limited in connection with and for the 
purpose of the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  MUFG Intime India Private Limited be and is hereby appointed as the Registrar to the Buyback, 
on the terms and conditions as may be mutually decided, and is designated as the investors service centre, as required 
under Regulation 24(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a committee be constituted (“Buyback Committee”)  comprising of Mr. Ravi  Shanker Jalan, 
Managing Director, Mr. Raman Chopra, CFO & Executive Director (Finance), Mr. Neelabh Dalmia, Executive Director 
15 
 (Growth &  Diversification  Projects) and that Company Secretary shall act as the Secretary to the Buyback Committee. 
Further, the Buyback Committee is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its 
absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual, or proper as the Buyback Committee may consider to be in the best 
interests of the Company and its shareholders, without any further approval of the Board, including but not limited to the 
following:  
i. seeking all regulatory approvals required for the Company to implement the Buyback, as applicable;  
ii. appointing all intermediaries including but not limited to brokers, registrar, advertising agency, investor service 
centre, escrow bank, legal advisors, other advisors, depository participant, printers, consultants or 
representatives; if any, and settlement of terms of appointment including the remuneration for all such 
intermediaries / agencies / persons, including by the payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges etc. and 
enter into agreements / letters in respect thereof;  
iii. opening, operating and closing all necessary accounts, including bank accounts (including Escrow Account and 
special account) and entering into agreements with and to give instructions in connection therewith and / or to 
delegate the operation of such accounts as required under applicable laws (including the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations), depository accounts (demat account / trading account / buyer broker account) and another 
account as may be necessary for the Buyback and deciding the authorized signatories for such accounts and for 
the purpose of payment and authorizing persons to operate the said accounts;  
iv. entering into escrow arrangements as may be required by the SEBI Buyback Regulations and depositing and / 
or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into escrow account and finalising the composition / 
combination of such deposit into escrow account in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the escrow arrangement;  
v. finalizing the terms and timeline of the Buyback including not limited to the schedule of activities, entitlement 
ratio, opening date and closing date of the offer period and the timeframe for completing the Buyback and re -
affirming declaration of solvency as and when required;  
vi. dealing with the stock exchanges (including their clearing corporation) and to sign, execute, and deliver such 
documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementing the Buyback using the 
“Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” notified by SEBI Circulars;  
vii. taking all actions to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of acceptance, pay the 
shareholders consideration for shares bought back, extinguishment of the Equity Shares bought back by the 
Company and filling of necessary documents in relation to the same;  
viii. arranging for bank guarantees as may be necessary for the Buyback in accordance with applicable law;  
ix. To decide on the designated stock exchange.  
x. preparation, finalizing, signing and filing of public announcement, the letter of offer, all certifications and 
undertakings and any other document required in relation to the Buyback with the SEBI, ROC, the stock 
exchanges and other Appropriate Authorities;  
xi. making all applications to the Appropriate Authorities for their requisite approvals including approvals as may 
be required from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations framed there under, if any;  
xii. signing, executing and delivering such other documents, deeds and writings and to do all such acts, matters 
and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient or proper, to be in the best interest of 
the shareholders for the implementation of the Buyback, and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation 
and issue of various documents and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and 
correspondence as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, RBI, ROC, stock 
exchanges, depositories and / or other Appropriate Authorities  
xiii. uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the website of the 
Company and filing the same with the stock exchanges as required under applicable law;  
xiv. affixing the Common Seal of the Company on relevant documents required to be executed for the buyback of 
shares in accordance with the provisions of the articles of association of the Company;  
xv. settling and resolving any queries raised by the stock exchanges, ROC and any other authorities whatsoever in 
connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary of the Buyback;  
xvi. authorizing / appointing persons to represent the Company, if required, before the ROC, SEBI, stock exchanges, 
or any other authority in connection with the Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, documents or 
other papers that may be required;  
xvii. creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the Act and to furnish 
appropriate returns to the Appropriate Authorities;  
16 
 xviii. obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third parties as required 
under applicable law;  
xix. giving such directions as may be necessary or desirable and settling any questions or difficulties whatsoever 
that may arise in relation to the Buyback  
xx. to settle and resolve any queries or difficulties raised by SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC and any other authorities 
whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary to the Buyback;  
xxi. to give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the public announcement 
and any other advertisements, as may be required by the relevant authorities including SEBI;  
xxii. earmarking and making arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of the Buyback;  
xxiii. closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the Act, SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable laws;  
xxiv. to finalize and execute necessary certifications, confirmations, undertakings etc. that may be required to be 
provided on behalf of the Board in regard to the Buyback;  
xxv. to finalize, sign, execute and submit necessary documents, deeds, affidavits, undertakings, certifications, 
agreements, forms, returns, applications, letters, etc., seek approval(s) and to represent the Company with the 
SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC, National Securities Depository Limited, Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“Depositories ”) and any other regulatory authority in connection with the Buyback;  
xxvi. to incur such other expenses as may be necessary with regard to the Buyback including fees to be paid to SEBI / 
other regulatory authorities, registrar’s fees, fees for demat escrow agent and other intermediaries, fee for any 
consultants / advisers that may be hired, publication expenses, postage expenses, transaction costs viz. 
brokerage, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc. and such 
other expenses that may be necessary or incidental in this regard;  
xxvii. dating, making alterations to, additions to, deletions to, variations to, amendments or corrections to and 
issuing and filing with appropriate statutory / other authorities, the public announcement, draft letter of offer, 
letter of offer and all other documents, resolutions, advertisements, confirmations, intimations and 
declarations, and the certificate for extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates (if any), and 
other documents required in connection with the Buyback and causing the declaration of solvency and 
supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable law and such alterations, additions, 
omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be deemed to have been approved by the Board; and  
xxviii.  doing such other acts, deeds, matters, or things, and executing such documents, forms, letters, confirmations, 
and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit and file all necessary forms, letters, applications, e -
forms and other documents as they may in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or 
proper or are necessary, expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in connection with or in 
furtherance of the Buyback;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the 
Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that 
there is no change in the Buyback Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for implementing the Buyback shall 
be any 2 (two) members and Buyback Committee may regulate its own proceedings and meet as often as required, to 
discharge its functions;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  subject to the relevant provisions of the Act, the Buyback Committee is permitted to pass any 
resolution by circulation and the resolution passed by circulation shall have the same effect and force as if the 
resolutions have been passed in the meeting of the Buyback Committee;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback Committee shall have the power and authority to delegate all or any of the 
authorities conferred upon it to any officer(s) and / or representatives of the Company, in order to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and substitute such delegation / sub -delegation of authority from time to time;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all acts, deeds, matters and things done by the Buyback Committee for the purpose shall 
have the same effect as if done by the Board;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board and the Buyback Committee be 
and are hereby severally authorized to accept and make any alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as 
they may deem necessary, concerning any aspect of the Buyback, in accordance with the statutory requirements as well 
as to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise 
and generally, to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the Buyback without 
17 
 seeking any further consent or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  nothing contained herein shall confer any right on any shareholder to offer or any obligation 
on the Company or the Board to buyback any Equity Shares or impair any power of the Company or the Board to 
terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, if so permissible by law;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Ravi Shanker Jalan, Managing Director and / or Mr. Raman Chopra CFO & Executive 
Director (Finance) and / or Mr. Bhuwneshwar Mishra Vice President – Sustainability & Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer of the Company, be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e -forms with the ROC and to do all such 
acts, deeds and things or incidental for signing and filing of forms, payment of fees, etc. and to do all such other acts, 
things and deeds, as may be required for the aforesaid purpose or other services as that may be necessary;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Ravi Shanker Jalan, Managing Director and / or Mr. Raman Chopra CFO & Executive 
Director (Finance) and / or Mr. Bhuwneshwar Mishra Vice President – Sustainability & Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer of the Company, be and is hereby authorised to represent the Company before the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
SEBI, the stock exchanges, any regulatory / statutory bodies / authorities or any other agencies connected with the 
Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, documents or other papers that may be required;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the officers of the Company be 
and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of 
the Company, be forwarded to concerned persons / authority as may be required.”  
Unquote  
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made a Public 
Announcement dated November 03, 2025 , in relation to the Buyback which was published on Tuesday, November 04, 
2025 , in the following newspapers : 
 
Name of the Newspaper  Language  Editions  
Financial Express  English  All Editions  
Jansatta  Hindi  All Editions  
Financial Express  Gujarati * Ahmedabad  Edition  
*Gujarati being the regional language wherein the registered office of the Company is located.  
 
The Company will publish further notices or corrigenda, if any relating to the Public Announcement, in the 
abovementioned newspapers.  
 
A copy of the Public Announcement is available on the websites of the Company at ( www.ghcl.co.in ), SEBI at 
(www.sebi.gov.in ), on the website of Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE (www.bseindia.com ) and NSE (www.nseindia.com ) and 
on the website of Manager to the Buyback ( www.systematixgroup.in ). 
 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK OFFER  
 
6.1 The Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which expression shall include any 
committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by the resolution passed 
by the Board at its meeting held on November 01, 2025 (“ Board Meeting ”), subject to approvals of statutory, 
regulatory or governmental authorities as may be required under applicable laws, approved the proposal for the 
buyback of not exceeding 41,37,931 (Forty -One Lakh Thirty -Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty -One)  Equity 
Shares, representing 4.32 % of t he total equity shares in the total paid up equity share capital of the Company as on 
March 31, 2025 , at a price of INR 725/ - (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty -Five only) per Equity Share 
(“Buyback Price ”) payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 3,00,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Three 
Hundred Crore only) ( “Buyback Size” ) from all of the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Company, 
excluding the members of the promoter and promoter group of the Company, who hold Equity Shares as of the 
18 
 Record Date (as defined below) on a proportionate basis through the “tender offer” route as prescribed under the 
Buyback Regulations, Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies Act ”), rules framed thereunder including 
the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 as amended (“ Share Capital Rules ”), and the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended (“ Management Rules ”), to the extent applicable, and the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI Listing Regulations ”) 
(“Buyback ”). 
 
6.2 The Buyback Size represents 8.73% and 8.71% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital and free 
reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 
2025, respectively, and is within the statutory limit of 10% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital 
and free reserves of the Company, based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, 
under the board approval route as per the provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations. Further, 
since the Company proposes to buyback not exceeding 41,37,931 (Forty -One Lakh Thirty -Seven Thousand Nine 
Hundred and Thirty -One)  Equity Shares, representing 4.32 % of the total equity shares in the total paid up equity share 
capital of the Company as on March 31, 2025 , the same is within the 25% limit as per the provisions of the Companies 
Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
6.3 The Equity Shares are listed on NSE and BSE. The Buyback shall be undertaken on a proportionate basis from the 
Eligible Shareholders of the Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date through the tender offer process 
prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations. Additionally, the Buyback shall be, subject to 
applicable laws, facilitated by tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders and settlement of the same through 
the stock exchange mechanism as specified by Securities and Exchange Board of India in the SEBI Circulars and such 
other circulars as may be applicable, including any further amendments thereof. In this regard, the Company will 
request NSE to provide the acquisition window for facilitating tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback and for 
the purposes of this Buyback, NSE  will be the designated stock exchange.  
 
6.4 The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are Non -Resident Shareholders, shall be subject to such approvals, if 
any, and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the RBI under 
the FEMA, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken by such Non -Resident Shareholders.  
 
6.5 The Buyback Price is INR  725/- (Indian Rupees  Seven Hundred and Twenty Five Only). The Buyback Price has been 
arrived at after considering various factors including but not limited to , the earnings per share, price earnings ratio, 
impact on the net worth of the Company, the trends in the volume weighted average prices and the closing price of 
the Equity Shares at NSE and BSE where the Equity Shares are listed and other financial parameters.  
 
6.6 The Buyback would involve reservation for Small Shareholders which will be 15% of the number of Equity Shares that 
the Company proposes to Buyback, or their entitlement, whichever is higher.  
 
6.7 The Buyback is subject to other approvals, permissions and exemptions as may be required from time to time from 
any statutory and/ or regulatory authority including SEBI and the Stock Exchanges.  
 
6.8 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of (a) Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group and persons in 
control of the Company; (b) the director(s) of the Promoters, where the promoter is a company; (c) directors and key 
managerial personnel of the Company, as on the date of the Board Meeting i.e., Saturday , November , 01, 2025 , and 
the date of the Public Announcement i.e. Monday, November 03, 2025 , is as follows:  
 
a) Aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group and persons who are in 
control of the Company:  
  
Sr. 
No Name  Category  Number of Equity 
Shares Held  % of 
Shareholding  
1.  Hindustan Commercial Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Promoter  29,44,737  3.07  
2.  Gems Commercial Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Promoter  29,40,207  3.06  
3.  Banjax  Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Promoter  27,89,700  2.90  
4.  Hexabond  Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promoter  27,18,200  2.83  
19 
  
b) Except  as disclosed below, none of the Director(s) of companies which are a part of the Promoters and the 
members of the Promoter Group hold any Equity Shares in the Company:  
 
 
  5.  Oval Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Promoter  25,88,848  2.69  
6.  Lhonak Enternational  Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Promoter  13,65,599  1.42  
7.  Anurag Dalmia (HUF)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Promoter  5,85,124  0.61  
8.  Carissa Investment Private Limited  Promoter  4,81,752  0.50  
9.  Harvatex  Engineering and Processing 
Company limited                                                                                                                                                                            Promoter  4,15,723  0.43  
10.  Wgf Financial Services Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  3,78,807  0.39  
11.  Anurag Trading Leasing and Investment 
Company Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                  Promoter  2,87,200  0.30  
12.  Dalmia Finance Limited  Promoter  2,00,244  0.21  
13.  Archana Trading and Investment Company 
Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                      Promoter  1,32,848  0.14  
14.  Anurag Dalmia                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Promoter  1,25,225  0.13  
15.  Neelabh Dalmia  Promoter  1,24,001  0.13  
16.  Bharatpur  Investment Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Promoter  38,842  0.04  
17.  Sanjay Trading Investment Company 
Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                          Promoter  29,100  0.03  
18.  General Exports and Credits Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Promoter  17,000  0.02  
19.  Golden Tobacco Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promoter  16,578  0.02  
20.  Pashupatinath Commercial Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  15,000  0.02  
21.  Sovereign Commercial Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Promoter  6,000  0.01  
22.  Dalmia Housing Finance Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Promoter  5,707  0.01  
23.  Trishul Commercial Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  5,100  0.01  
24.  Swastik Commercial Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Promoter  3,700  Negligible  
25.  Alankar Commercial Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  2,600  Negligible  
26.  Ricklunsford  Trade and Industrial 
Investment Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promoter  1,960  Negligible  
27.  Chirawa  Investment Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Promoter  1,860  Negligible  
28.  Lakshmi Vishnu Investment Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Promoter  1,860  Negligible  
29.  Mourya Finance Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Promoter  1,860  Negligible  
30.  Sikar Investment Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promoter  1,800  Negligible  
31.  Antarctica Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  768 Negligible  
32.  Comosum  Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  701 Negligible  
33.  Lovely Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Promoter  645 Negligible  
34.  Altar Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promoter  318 Negligible  
35.  Dear Investment  Private Limited  Promoter  55 Negligible  
36.  Ilac Investment Private Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Promoter  Nil Nil 
37.  Ram Krishna Dalmia Foundation  Promoter Group  Nil Nil 
Total  1,82,29,669  18.97  
Sr. 
No Name  Name of Promoter Company  Number of Equity 
Shares Held  % of 
Shareholding  
1.  Arvind Agrawal  WGF Financial Services Limited  1,000  Negligible  
2. Arun Kumar Singh  Sanjay Trading and Investment 
Company Private Limited, Anurag 
Trading Leasing and Investment 
Company Private Limited, Archana 
Trading and Investment Company 
Private Limited  20 Negligible  
Total  1,020 Negligible  
20 
  
c) Aggregate shareholding of the directors and key managerial personnel of the Company  
 
* Anurag Dalmia holds 5,85,124 shares (0.61%) in his capacity as Karta of his HUF, and Ravi Shanker Jalan holds 100 shares (0.0 0%) in his 
capacity as Karta of his HUF.  
 
a) Except as disclosed below, none of the directors of the Company or key managerial personnel of the Company 
(“KMPs”) hold any employee stock options in the Company:  
 
 
6.9 No Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company have been purchased or sold by any of the (a) 
Promoters and the Members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company; (b) director(s) of the 
Promoters, where the Promoter is a company, (c) Directors and Key Managerial Personnel during a period of (6) six 
months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the buyback was proposed and from the date of the Board 
Meeting till the date of the Public Announcement and 12 (twelve ) months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement, other than:  
 Sr. 
No Name  Designation  Number of Equity 
Shares Held  % of 
Shareholding  
1. Anurag Dalmia*  Non -Executive - Chairman  1,25,225  0.13  
2. Ravi Shanker Jalan*  Managing Director  5,00,300  0.52  
3. Raman Chopra  CFO & Executive Director (Finance)  2,06,000  0.21  
4. Neelabh Dalmia  Executive Director (Growth & 
Diversification Projects)  1,24,001  0.13  
5. Bhuwneshwar Mishra  Vice President -Sustainability & 
Company Secretary  32,000  0.03  
Total  9,87,526  1.03  
Sr. 
No Name  Designation  Number of  
unvested options  Number of options  
vested but not 
exercised  
1. Ravi Shanker Jalan  Managing Director  Nil 100,000  
2. Raman Chopra  CFO & Executive Director 
(Finance)  Nil 50,000  
Total  Nil 1,50,000  
Name of  
Shareholder  Aggregate No. of 
Equity Shares 
purchased or sold  Nature of 
Transaction  Maximum 
Price ( INR)* Date of  
Maximum  
Price  Minimum  
Price ( INR)* Date of  
Minimum  
Price  
Neelabh Dalmia  1,800  Purchase  588.10  June 24, 
2025  586.95  June 24, 
2025  
Arun Kumar 
Singh  10 Purchase  555.25  August 07, 
2025  555.25  August 
07, 2025  
Arun Kumar 
Singh  10 Purchase  544.00  August 11, 
2025  544.00  August 
11, 2025  
Ravi Shanker 
Jalan  1,00,000  Exercise of 
Stock Options  376.00  May 17, 
2025  376.00  May 17, 
2025  
Ravi Shanker 
Jalan  (35,000)  Sale 643.25  June 09, 
2025  633.55  June 09, 
2025  
Ravi Shanker 
Jalan  (15,000)  Sale 636.30  June 10, 
2025  632.35  June 10, 
2025  
Raman Chopra  50,000  Exercise of 
Stock Options  376.00  May 17, 
2025  376.00  May 17, 
2025  
Raman Chopra  (7,500)  Sale 649.20  June 09, 
2025  636.00  June 09, 
2025  
21 
 *Excluding transaction costs such as brokerage, STT etc.  
 
7. INTENTION OF PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP AND PERSONS IN CONTROL OF THE COMPANY TO 
PARTICIPATE IN BUYBACK  
  
7.1 In terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, under the tender offer route, the Promoter and members of the Promoter 
Group have an option to participate in the Buyback. However, the Promoter s and members of the Promoter Group of 
the Company have expressed their intention that they do not wish to participate in the Buyback vide their letters dated  
November 01 , 2025.  
 
7.2 Further, one of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group, namely Golden Tobacco Limited  (GTL) , which is 
currently undergoing an insolvency process, has not yet communicated its intention not to participate in the Buyback 
and is not eligible to participate in the Buyback under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, 
unless and until it complies with the specific requirements prescribed under  the said Code.  
 
7.3 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to Promoter s and members of the Promoter Group or any Directors of the 
Company except to the extent of increase in their shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result 
of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post 
Buyback.  
 
7.4 Pursuant to the proposed Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the aggregate shareholding and 
voting rights of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company, in the 
Company, may change from the existing shareholding of the total equity capital and voting rights of the Company. 
Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders up to 
their entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group of the Company, 
post Buyback will increase to 19.83% of the post Buyback Equity Share capital of the Company. The Promoters and 
members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company are already in control over the Company and 
therefore any further increase in the voting rights of the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group and persons 
in control will not result in any change in control of the Company. Please refer to paragraph 14.4  of this Letter of Offer 
for further details regarding shareholding ( pre-buyback and post -buyback ) of the Promoter and members of the 
Promoter Group and the Public shareholding in the Company.  
 
7.5 Post the Buyback, the public shareholding of the Company shall not fall below the minimum level as required under 
Regulation 38 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and the provisions contained under Rule 19 (2) (b) and Rule 19A of the 
Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 read with SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/P/CIR/2023/18 dated February 
3, 2023.  
 
8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
The Buyback is being undertaken in accordance with Article 32 of the Articles of Association, Sections 68, 69, 70, and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, and applicable rules thereunder, including the Share Capital and 
Debentures Rules and the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, to the extent applicable, and 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Buyback is subject to receipt of such approvals 
(including approvals from the lenders as may be required), permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary from time 
to time under the applicable laws including from SEBI, RBI, BSE and/ or NSE.  Raman Chopra  (1,000)  Sale 632.55  June 10, 
2025  632.00  June 10, 
2025  
Raman Chopra  (10,500)  Sale 644.00  June 11, 
2025  635.90  June 11, 
2025  
Bhuwneshwar 
Mishra  10,000  Exercise of 
Stock Options  376.00  May 17, 
2025  376.00  May 17, 
2025  
Bhuwneshwar 
Mishra  (2,000)  Sale 650.50  June 09, 
2025  650.50  June 09, 
2025  
Bhuwneshwar 
Mishra  (8,000)  Sale 640.65  June 11, 
2025  640.35  June 11, 
2025  
22 
 The Buyback has been authorised by the resolution of the Board of Directors passed  and approved  at their meeting 
held on Saturday , November 01 , 2025 . 
9. OBJECTIVE / NECESSITY  FOR BUYBACK  
 
The Buyback is a capital allocation decision taken by the Company. The Buyback will help the Company to distribute a 
part of the surplus cash to its shareholders holding Equity Shares thereby, optimizing returns to the shareholders and 
enhancing the overall shareholders’ value in longer term and improving the return on equity and earnings per shares.  
  
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY  
 
10.1 The Company believes that the Buyback is not likely to cause any impact on the profitability or earnings of the 
Company, except to the extent of reduction in the amount available for investment, which the Company could 
have been otherwise deployed towards generating investment income. Assuming there is full participation in 
the Buyback, the funds deployed by the Company towards the Buyback (excluding Transaction Costs) 
aggregating to  INR 3,00,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only). With a likely reduction in the 
equity share capital base, the Buyback will likely improve the return on net worth or return on equity ratio.  
 
10.2 The Company believes that the Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to pursue 
growth opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations. The Buyback is being undertaken, 
inter alia , to help  the Company to return surplus cash to the Eligible Shareholders broadly in proportion to their 
shareholding, thereby, enhancing the overall return to the Equity Shareholders . 
 
10.3 In terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, under the tender offer route, the Promoter s and members of the  
Promoter Group have an option to participate in the Buyback. However, the Promoter s and members of the  
Promoter Group of the Company have expressed their intention that they do not wish to participate in the 
Buyback vide their letters dated November 01 , 2025.  Further, one of the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group, namely Golden Tobacco Limited (GTL), which is currently undergoing an insolvency process, 
has not yet communicated its intention not to participate in the Buyback and is not eligible to participate in the 
Buyback under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, unless and until it complies with the 
specific requirements prescribed under the said Code. For further details, see “Intention of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group and Members of the Promoter Group to Participate in the Buyback” on page 21 of this Letter of 
Offer. Assuming participation in the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the other Eligible 
Shareholders up to their Buyback Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Members of 
the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company after the completion of the Buyback shall increase 
to 19.83% of the post - Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company from 18.97 % of the pre -
Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company (as on the date of the Public Announcement), and 
the aggregate shareholding of the public in the Company shall change to 80.17% of the post -Buyback total paid -
up Equity Share capital of the Company from 81.03% of the pre - Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital of 
the Company (as on the date of the Public Announcement).  
 
10.4 The Buyback will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management structure of the 
Company.  
 
10.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from the non -resident 
shareholders (including FPIs), Indian financial institutions, banks and other shareholders, the shareholding under 
each category may undergo a change. The FIIs/FPIs are advised to ensure that their investment in the Company 
continues to be within the limit prescribed under applicable laws, post completion of the Buyback.  
 
10.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act, 2013, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and 
unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice its paid -up equity share capital and free 
reserves post completion of the Buyback, even if the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full 
acceptance).  
 
10.7 As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Promoters , members of the Promoter Group  and 
their associates,  other than the Company  have not dealt in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the 
Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity 
23 
 Shares among the Promoters and members of Promoter Group) from the date of the Board Meeting approving 
the proposal for Buyback (i.e., Saturday , November , 01, 2025 ) till the date of this Letter of Offer and shall not deal 
in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off -
market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoters and members of 
Promoter Group) from the date of this Letter of Offer till the closing of the Buyback.  
 
10.8 In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 24(i)(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall not 
raise further capital for a period of 12 (twelve) months from the expiry of the Buyback Period except in the 
discharge of subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock options, sweat equity or conversion of 
preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares. Further, as per Regulation 24(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, the Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities including by 
way of bonus issue, except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option 
schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares from the date of 
resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Company approving the Buyback till the expiry of the Buyback 
Period, in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Buyback Regulations. The Company shall not 
make any further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares under 
Section 62(1)(a) or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months after the completion of the 
Buyback except by way of bonus shares or equity shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such 
as the conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into Equity Shares. Further as on the date of this Letter of Offer, there are 2,86,700  vested stock 
options which are outstanding and upon exercise of these options, 2,86,700  Equity Shares will be issued under 
the employee stock option scheme of the Company.  
 
10.9 The Company is not undertaking the Buyback so as to delist its shares from the Stock Exchanges.  
 
10.10  The Company has outstanding borrowing facilities or debt with lenders. As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I (xii) 
of the SEBI Buy Back Regulations, it is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenants as per the lenders 
agreements/sanction letters on the loans sanctioned/taken and the consent of the lenders on the Buyback has been 
obtained by the Company. Further, the Company has obtained such approvals as may be required from the lenders 
pursuant to the provisions of such facilities .  
 
10.11  Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on audited financial statement of the Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 are set forth below:   
 
  Note: Amounts mentioned in the table above are rounded off.  
* Pre and Post Buy -back calculations are based on the audited financials as of/for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025. The post -Buyback  numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed Buyback amount 
(assuming full acceptance), without factoring in tax on buy -back of Equity shares and any impact in the statement of 
profit & loss or other transaction costs.  
 
The key ratios have been computed as below : 
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Net Worth  Calculated as the sum of Equity Share Capital and Other Equity.  
Return on Net Worth/ 
Return on Equity  Calculated as Profit / (Loss) after Tax for the year divided by Net Worth. The Profit 
/ (Loss) after Tax represents the profit or loss for the year.  
Earnings per Share – Basic  Calculated as the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the  Standalone  Consolidated  
Particulars  Pre-Buyback*  Post -Buyback*  Pre-Buyback*  Post -Buyback*  
Net worth (in Rs Crores)  3,482.78  3,182.78  3,488.84  3,188.84  
Return on Net worth (%) 17.98%  19.68%  17.89%  19.57%  
Basic EPS (in Rs)  65.72  68.71  65.50  68.48  
NAV per share (in Rs)  365.51  349.19  366.15  349.85  
P/E based on PAT as per the latest 
audited financial result (in Rs)   9.36  8.95  9.39  8.98  
Total Debt/ Equity Ratio (Times)  0.03  0.03  0.03  0.03  
24 
 Company divided by weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the year (pre-Buyback and post -Buyback respectively) . 
Book value per Share/ NAV 
per Share  Calculated as Net worth divided by Total number of Equity Shares outstanding 
at the end of the year (pre -Buyback and post -Buyback respectively).  
P/E based on PAT as per 
the latest audited financial 
result  Closing market price of the Equity Shares as on March 28, 2025 (since March 31, 
2025, was a trading holiday, pricing information for the preceding trading day 
has been considered) on NSE divided by Basic earnings per Equity Share as 
computed above.  
Debt -Equity Ratio  Calculated as Total Debt divided by Net Worth. Total Debt is calculated as non -
current plus current borrowings.  
 
11. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK OFFER PRICE  
 
11.1  The Equity Shares of  the Company  are proposed  to be bought  back  at a price  of INR 725/- (Indian Rupees  Seven 
Hundred and Twenty Five  Only)  per Equity Share. The Buyback Offer Price has been arrived at, after considering 
various factors including, but not limited to the trends in the volume weighted average prices of the Equity Shares on 
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (" NSE”) and BSE Limited (“ BSE”) where the Equity Shares are listed, the 
net worth of the Company, price earnings ratio, impact on other financial parameters and the possible impact of 
Buyback on the earnings per Equity Share.  
 
11.2     The  Buyback  Price  represents:  
 
● Premium of 20.32% and 21.13%  over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE, 
respectively, during the three months preceding Wednesday, October 29, 2025 , being the date of intimation to the 
Stock Exchanges for the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback (“ Intimation Date ”).  
● Premium of 13.70 % and 13.87 % over the closing price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE, respectively, as on 
Tuesday , October 2 8, 2025 , being the day preceding the Intimation Date.  
● Premium of 13.25% and 13.12% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE, respectively, as on the 
Friday, October 31, 2025 , being the trading day immediately preceding the date of the Board Meeting, which was held 
on a non -trading day (i.e., Saturday, November 01, 2025) when the Buyback was approved . 
 
11.3  The closing market price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE as on the day preceding the Intimation Date  i.e. 
Tuesday, October 28, 2025  was INR 637.65  (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Thirty Seven and Paise Sixty Five  Only) and 
INR 636.70  (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Thirty Six  and Paise Seventy Only), respectively, and as on the Friday, 
October 31, 2025, being the trading day immediately preceding the date of the Board Meeting  was INR 640.20  (Indian 
Rupees Six Hundred and Forty and Paise Twenty Only) and INR 640.90  (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Forty and Paise 
Ninety  Only), respectively.  
 
11.4  For trends in the market price of the Equity Shares, please refer to paragraph 1 7 “Stock Market Data ” on page 34 of 
this Letter of Offer.  
 
11.5  The closing market price of Equity Shares of the Company as on the Intimation Date (i.e. Wednesday, October 29, 
2025 ) was INR 648.00  (Indian Rupees Six Hundred and Forty Eight Only)  and INR 647.70  (Indian Rupees Six Hundred 
and Forty Seven and Paise Seventy Only) on NSE and BSE respectively.  
 
11.6  For details of salient financial parameters, both pre -Buyback and post -Buyback, based on the latest audited  
standalone and consolidated  financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, please 
refer to paragraph 10.11 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
12. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
12.1 The maximum amount required for Buyback will not exceed INR 3,00,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees  Three Hundred 
Crores Only) excluding Transaction Costs. The Buyback Size (in value terms) constitutes 8.73% and 8.71%  of the 
aggregate of the total paid -up share capital and free reserves, as per the latest audited  standalone and consolidated  
financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2025 , respectively, which is within the statutory limit of 10% of 
the total paid -up equity capital and free reserves of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and is in compliance with 
25 
 Regulation 4(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and Section 68(2) of the Companies Act .  
 
12.2 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of  the securities premium account,  the 
free reserves of the Company and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by law. Funds borrowed from banks 
and financial institutions, if any, will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
12.3 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through the Buyback to the 
capital redemption reserve account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements.  
  
13. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT TO BE DEPOSITED THEREIN AND FIRM FINANCIAL 
ARRANGEMENT  
 
13.1  In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company has appointed ICICI Bank Limited , 
pursuant to Board Resolution dated November 1, 2025, 2025,  having its registered office at  ICICI Bank Tower, Near 
Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara, 390 007, Gujarat, India  and acting through its branch, situated at  ICICI Bank 
Limited, Capital Markets Division, 1st Floor, 122, Mistry Bhavan, Dinshaw Vachha Road, Backbay Reclamation, 
Churchgate, Mumbai - 400020 as the Escrow Agent for Buyback, and an Escrow Agreement dated November 1, 2025 , 
has been entered into amongst the Company, Manager to the Buyback and Escrow Agent.  
 
13.2  In accordance with the Buyback Regulations and pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, the Company has opened an 
Escrow Account in the name and style “ GHCL Limited – Buyback Offer – Escrow Account ” bearing account number 
000405164784  with the Escrow Agent. In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company has deposited a sum of INR 50,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Fifty Crores Only) in the Escrow Account. In 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Manager to the Buyback has been  empowered to operate the 
Escrow Account.  
 
13.3  The Company, duly authorized by its Board Resolution, has identified and earmarked specific investments for the 
purpose of fulfillment of the obligations of the Company under the Buyback. Such investments, together with funds 
provided for escrow arrangements, are in excess of the Buyback Size.  
 
13.4  Based on the resolution of the Board of Directors dated November 1, 2025 in this regard, and other facts/ documents,                   
S A S & CO. , Chartered Accountants  (Firm Registration No.  020025N ), has certified vide their  letter dated November 1, 
2025 that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback.  
 
13.4  Based on the Certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that it is satisfied that firm arrangements for fulfilling 
the obligations under the Buyback are in place and that the Company has the ability to implement the Buyback in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
  
14. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN  
 
14.1  The present capital structure of the Company as on the date of this Letter of Offer and the post -Buyback capital 
structure of the Company are set forth below:  
 
Particulars  Present  Post completion of Buyback  
Authorised share capital  INR 140,00,00,000  
(14,00,00,000  Equity Shares)  INR 140,00,00,000  
(14,00,00,000 Equity Shares)  
Issued, subscribed and fully 
paid -up share capital  INR 96,07,20,860  
(9,60,72,086  Equity Shares)  INR 91,93,41,550  
(9,19,34,155 Equity Shares) # 
 #Assuming the full Acceptance of the Buyback Offer Size. However, the post -Buyback issued, subscribed and paid -up 
capital may differ depending upon the actual number of Equity Shares bought back.  
 
14.2  The Company has not undertaken any buyback in the last three years from the date of this Letter of Offer.  
 
 
26 
 14.3  The Company confirms that:  
a) All the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid -up; 
b) the Company shall not issue and allot any Shares or other specified securities including by way of bonus, till the 
expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of warrants, stock 
option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares;  
c) unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and / or any other regulatory authority, the 
Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year, as prescribed under the provisions of Regulation 
24(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, from the expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of 
consideration is made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of its subsisting 
obligations;  
d) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make a further issue of the same 
kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) or other specified 
securities within a period of six months except by way of a bonus issue or in the discharge of subsisting obligations 
such as conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or 
debentures into equity shares.  
e) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after the letter of offer is filed with SEBI or public announcement of 
the offer to Buyback is made, except where any event or restriction may render Company unable to effect Buyback;  
f) the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed in the manner prescribed under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Act within the specified timelines;  
g) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares until the pendency of 
the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
h) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
i) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any person through negotiated 
deals whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the 
implementation of Buyback;  
j) there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits or interest thereon, redemption of debentures or 
interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans or 
interest payable thereon to any shareholder or financial institution or banking company, as the case may be;  
k) that the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Act;  
l) the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback (i.e. up to 41,37,931 Equity 
Shares), does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as at March 31, 2025  
m) the Company has not undertaken a buyback of any of its securities during the period of one year immediately 
preceding the date of the Board Meeting;  
n) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned from the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the shareholders who have 
accepted the Buyback;  
o) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the Buyback in such manner as 
prescribed under the Act and / or the SEBI Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
p) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing board resolution in the Board 
Meeting held on November 01, 2025 approving the Buyback;  
q) there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the provisions of 
the Act, as on date;  
r) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice its 
paid -up capital and free reserves after the Buyback, based on audited financial statements of the Company, as 
prescribed under the Act and rules made thereunder and SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
s) the Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its shares or other specified securities from the stock 
exchanges;  
t) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any subsidiary company including its 
own subsidiary companies, or through any investment company or group of investment companies; and  
u) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group, and 
their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the 
stock exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoters) from 
the date of passing of the resolution of the Board of Directors approving the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback 
offer.  
27 
 14.4  The shareholding pattern of the Company before the Buyback (as on Record Date) and after the Buyback, is provided 
below:  
 
Particulars  Pre -Buyback  Post –Buyback# 
Number of 
Equity 
Shares  % to the existing 
Equity Share 
Capital  Number of 
Equity 
Shares  % to the post - 
Buyback 
Equity Share 
Capital  
Promoters and persons acting in concert 
(Collectively “the Promoters”)  1,82,29,669  18.97%  1,82,29,669  19.83%  
Foreign Investors (Including Non - Resident 
Indians, FIIs)   2,59,87,836  27.05%  
7,37,04,486  80.17%  Financial Institutions/Banks & Mutual Funds 
promoted by Banks/Institutions and 
Insurance Companies  1,01,98,114  10.62%  
Others (Public, Public Bodies Corporate etc.)   4,16,56,467  43.36%  
Total  9,60,72,086  100.00% 9,19,34,155  100.00%  
#Assuming the full Acceptance of the Buyback Offer Size. However, the post -Buyback issued, subscribed and paid -up 
capital may differ depending upon the actual number of Equity Shares bought back.  
 
14.5 Assuming full acceptance of the Buyback, the issued, subscribed and paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company 
would be as fully set out in paragraph 14.1 of this Letter of Offer.  
  
14.6  Please refer to paragraph 14.4 of this Letter of Offer for details regarding shareholding (pre -buyback  and post -buyback) 
of the Promoters and Members of the Promoter Group in the Company. For details regarding the shareholding of 
Promoters and Members of Promoter Group and shareholding of Directors/Key Managerial Personnel as on date of 
Public Announcement, please refer to paragraphs 6.1 of this Letter of Offer respectively. Please refer to paragraph 6.2 
(a) and 6.2 (b) of this Letter of Offer for details regarding Equity Shares or other specified securities in the Company 
that were either purchased or sold by the following during a period of six months preceding the date of the Board 
Meeting at which the buyback was proposed and during the period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date of the 
Public Announcement by (a) Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the 
Company; (b) Directors and Key Managerial Personnel.  
 
15. BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  
 
15.1  Our Company was incorporated as ‘Gujarat Heavy Chemicals Limited ’ pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated 
October 14, 1983 issued by the RoC.  Thereafter, pursuant to the conversion of our Company to a public limited 
company, the name of our Company was changed to ‘ GHCL Limited ’, and a fresh certificate of incorporation dated 
November 21, 2003 was issued to our Company by the RoC. The registered office of the Company is presently situated 
at GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat) . The Corporate Identification Number 
of the Company is L24100GJ1983PLC006513 . 
 
15.2  The Company has established itself as a well -diversified group with an ascertained footprint in chemicals and 
consumer products segments. In Chemicals, the Company mainly manufactures Soda Ash (Anhydrous Sodium 
Carbonate) that is a major raw material for detergents & glass industries; and Sodium Bicarbonate (Baking Soda). 
Consumer Products operation is another business for GHCL where it is manufacturing and selling edible salt  and 
industrial grade salt in the country under the brand name of I -Flo.  
 
15.3  The Company’s Equity Shares are listed on NSE and BSE since July 31, 2003 and February 09, 1988 respectively . The 
Equity Shares are currently traded under the trading code(s) GHCL  and 500171  at NSE and BSE respectively. The ISIN 
of the Equity Shares of the Company is INE539A01019 .  
 
15.4  For the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Company recorded, on a 
consolidated basis, revenue from operations of INR 3,183.48  crores, INR 3,446.54  crores and INR 4,550.89  crores 
respectively. The consolidated net profit after tax for the year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 
28 
 2023, was INR 624.15  crores, INR 793.90  crores and INR 1,141.57  crores respectively. Further, the consolidated 
revenue from operations and the consolidated net profit of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025 was INR 1,517.16  crores and INR 250.81  crores respectively. For further details on financial 
information about the Company for the financial years 2022 -2023, 2023 -2024, and 2024 -2025, see “ Financial 
information about the Company ” on page 32 of this Letter of Offer  
 
15.5  The following table sets forth the history of the Equity Share Capital of the Company:  
 
Date of the 
allotment of 
Equity Shares  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value  
(INR) Issue Price 
(INR) Nature of 
consideratio
n  Nature of 
transaction/Mod
e of allotment  Cumulative 
number of 
equity shares  Cumulative 
paid -up 
equity share 
capital (INR)  
October 14 ,1983  7 10 10.00  Cash  Initial issue to 
subscribers to 
Memorandum of 
Association   7 70 
December 08 
,1983  8 10 10.00  Cash  Preferential issue  15 150  
October 10 ,1987  3,67,49,985  10 10.00  Cash  Public Issue   3,67,50,000  36,75,00,000  
October 10 ,1987  3,52,50,000  10 10.00  Cash  Public Issue  7,20,00,000  72,00,00,000  
March 30 ,1993  74,72,000  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IDBI 7,94,72,000  79,47,20,000  
March 30 ,1993  12,92,000  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IFCI 8,07,64,000  80,76,40,000  
March 30 ,1993  3,12,000  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - LIC 8,10,76,000  81,07,60,000  
March 30 ,1993  18,92,000  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - ICICI  8,29,68,000  82,96,80,000  
April 19 ,1994  69,61,166  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IDBI 8,99,29,166  89,92,91,660  
April 19 ,1994  11,52,533  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IFCI 9,10,81,699  91,08,16,990  
April 19 ,1994  4,92,535  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - LIC 9,15,74,234  91,57,42,340  
April 19 ,1994  6,86,266  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - ICICI  9,22,60,500  92,26,05,000  
April 19 ,1994  7,08,600  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IDBI 9,29,69,100  92,96,91,000  
April 19 ,1994  1,19,700  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - IFCI 9,30,88,800  93,08,88,000  
April 19 ,1994  40,400  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - LIC 9,31,29,200  93,12,92,000  
April 19 ,1994  1,21,200  10 10.00  Cash  Conversion of 
Loan - ICICI  9,32,50,400  93,25,04,000  
July 23 ,2002  18,38,011  10 10.00  Cash  Scheme  
(Merger of 
SMML)  9,50,88,411  95,08,84,110  
December 26 
,2006  20,00,000  10 65.10  Cash  Preferential 
Warrant 
conversion  9,70,88,411  97,08,84,110  
March 15 ,2007  25,00,000  10 65.10  Cash  Preferential 
Warrant 
conversion  9,95,88,411  99,58,84,110  
December 05 
,2007  1,43,625  10 159.57  Cash  FCCB Conversion  9,97,32,036  99,73,20,360  
December 10 
,2007  2,87,250  10 159.57  Cash  FCCB Conversion  10,00,19,286  1,00,01,92,86
0 
August 17 ,2017  (31,56,000)  10 NA Cash  Buyback of 
shares*  9,68,63,286  96,86,32,860  
October 24 ,2017  5,60,000  10 100.00  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 9,74,23,286  97,42,32,860  
29 
 Date of the 
allotment of 
Equity Shares  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face Value  
(INR) Issue Price 
(INR) Nature of 
consideratio
n  Nature of 
transaction/Mod
e of allotment  Cumulative 
number of 
equity shares  Cumulative 
paid -up 
equity share 
capital (INR)  
ESOS 2015  
June 09 ,2018  5,85,000  10 100.00  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,80,08,286  98,00,82,860  
October 31 ,2018  20,000  10 170.00  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,80,28,286  98,02,82,860  
July 29 ,2019  1,85,000  10 147.84  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,82,13,286  98,21,32,860  
March 05 ,2020  (32,00,000)  10 NA Cash  Buyback of 
shares**  9,50,13,286  95,01,32,860  
July 15 ,2021  3,37,500  10 150.00  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,53,50,786  95,35,07,860  
May 30 ,2022  2,35,000  10 150 /170 
(2,32,500 
shares @ INR 
150.00 & 
2,500 shares 
@ 170.00)  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,55,85,786  95,58,57,860  
December 27 
,2023  1,38,200  10 376 /170 
(1,36,000 
shares @ INR 
376.00 & 
2,200 shares 
@ 170.00)  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,57,23,986  95,72,39,860  
May 06 ,2024  30,800  10 376 /170 
(28,000 
shares @ INR 
376.00 & 
2,800 shares 
@ 170.00)  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,57,54,786  95,75,47,860  
May 17 ,2025  3,17,300  10 376.00  Cash  Allotment 
pursuant to GHCL 
ESOS 2015  9,60,72,086  96,07,20,860  
* The Company ha d bought back 31,56,000  (Thirty -One Lakhs and Fifty -Six Thousand) equity shares at a n average  price of INR 252.04 /- (Indian Rupees 
Two Hundred Fifty -Two and paise four Only) per Equity Share, pursuant to the SEBI Buyback Regulations and subsequent amendments thereof. The 
extinguishment of the Equity Shares accepted under the buyback was completed on August 16, 2017 . 
 
** The Company ha d bought back 32,00,000  (Thirty -Two Lakhs) equity shares at a n average  price of INR 177.53 /- (Indian Rupees One Hundred 
Seventy Seven and Paise Fifty Three Only) per Equity Share, pursuant to the SEBI Buyback Regulations and subsequent amendments thereof. The 
extinguishment of the Equity Shares accepted under the buy -back was completed on March 05, 2020 . 
 
15.6  The following table sets forth details regarding the Board of Directors as on the date of the LOF:  
 
Name  Designation  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Reappointment/J
oining  Other Directorships and designated 
partnerships in LLPs  
Name: Anurag Dalmia  
 
 
Qualification:  Graduate  
 
 
Occupation:  Business  
 Non-executive Chairman 
(Promoter)  April 19, 1986  1. Anurag Trading Leasing & Investment 
Company Pvt. Ltd. – Member holding  more 
than 2% of the paid -up capital  
2. Sanjay Trading & Investment Company Pvt. 
Ltd. – Member holding more than 2% of 
the paid -up capital  
3. Archana Trading & Investment Company 
Pvt. Ltd. – Member holding more than 2% 
30 
 Name  Designation  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Reappointment/J
oining  Other Directorships and designated 
partnerships in LLPs  
 
Age:  69 
 
 
DIN:  00120710  
 of the paid -up capital  
4. PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry – 
Director  
5. Altacura AI Absolute Return Fund LLP – 
Individual Partner  
6. GHCL Textiles Limited – Director  
Name: Dr. Manoj Vaish  
 
 
Qualification:  B.Com (Hon), M.B.A, 
Ph.D.  
 
 
Occupation:  Professional  
 
 
Age:  64 
 
 
DIN:  00157082  Non-Executive 
Independent Director  April 01, 2019  1. Mirae Asset Trust Company Private Limited 
– Director  
2. Sadbhav Futuretech Limited  
Name:  Vijaylaxmi Joshi  
 
 
Qualification:  IAS Officer  
 
 
Occupation:  Professional  
 
 
Age:  67 
 
 
DIN:  00032055  Non-Executive 
Independent Director  April 20, 2017  1. Adani Enterprises Ltd. – Director  
2. HDFC Securities Limited – Director  
Name: Justice Ravindra Singh  
 
 
Qualification:   B.Sc. and LL. B. 
Allahabad University  
 
 
Occupation:  Senior Advocate of  the  
Supreme Court  
 
 
Age:  72 
 
 
DIN:  08344852  Non-Executive 
Independent Director  April 01, 2019  1. GHCL Textiles Limited -Director  
2. Inductus Limited – Director  
Name: Arun Kumar Jain  
 
 
Qualification:  M.Sc and LL.B  
 
 
Occupation:  Consultancy  
 
 
Age:  69 Non-Executive 
Independent Director  April 01, 2019  1. M R Technofin Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. – 
Director  
31 
 Name  Designation  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Reappointment/J
oining  Other Directorships and designated 
partnerships in LLPs  
 
 
DIN:  07563704  
Name: Ravi Shanker Jalan  
 
 
Qualification:  B.com (Hons), 
Chartered  Accountants (CA)  
 
Occupation:  Service  
 
 
Age:  68 
 
 
DIN: 00121260  Managing Director  September 24, 
2002  1. Sachin Tradex Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly known as 
Sachin Holdings Pvt. Ltd.) – Director & 
Member holding  approx 56% (i.e. more 
thpaid -upof the paid up capital  
2. Sumedha Worldwide LLP (Formerly known 
as Sumedha Investments Pvt. Ltd.) – 
Designated Partner & Member holding  
approx 48% (i.e. more than 2%) of the 
paid -up capital  
3. India Hostels Pvt. Ltd. – Director  
4. GHCL Textiles Limited – Director  
5. Moustache Hotel and Resorts LLP  
 
Name:  Raman Chopra  
 
 
Qualification:   B.com (Hons), 
Chartered  Accountants (CA)  
 
Occupation:  Service  
 
 
Age:  60 
 
 
DIN:  00954190  CFO & Executive Director 
(Finance)  September 12, 
2008  1. Rosebys  Interiors India Ltd – Director 
(Company is in liquidation w.e.f. July 15, 
2014)  
2. Dan River Properties LLC – Director  
3. GHCL Textiles Limited – Director  
Name: Neelabh Dalmia  
 
 
Qualification:  Master Of Business 
Administration (MBA) From Indiana 
University, Kelley School of Business, 
USA  
 
Occupation:  Service  
 
 
Age:  42 
 
 
DIN: 00121760  Executive Director 
(Growth & Diversification 
Projects)  July 20, 2005  1. Anurag Trading Leasing & Investment 
Company Pvt. Ltd. – Member holding  more 
than 2% of the paid -up capital  
2. Sanjay Trading & Investment Company Pvt. 
Ltd. – Member holding more than 2% of 
the paid -up capital  
3. Archana Trading & Investment Company 
Pvt. Ltd. – Member holding more than 2% 
of the paid -up capital  
4. GHCL Textiles Limited – Director  
5. Altacura AI Absolute Return Fund LLP – 
Individual Partner  
6. Third Lake Advisors LLP – Individual 
Partne r 
 
15.7        The changes in our Board during the 3 (three) years immediately preceding the date of this Letter of Offer, November 
17, 2025 are as follows: . 
   
Name of Director  DIN Appointment/ Cessation/ 
Reappointment  Effective Date  Reasons  
Dr. Lavanya Rastogi  01744049  Cessation  April 01, 2024  Completion of term  
Sanjay Dalmia  00206992  Cessation  July 01, 2023  The requisite votes were 
not obtained at the AGM.   
 
 
32 
 15.8  The Buy -back will not result in any benefit to any Directors, Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, Directors of 
Promoter Group Companies of the Company and PACs except to the extent of the change in their shareholding as per 
the response received in the Buy -back, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction 
in the equity share capital of the Company, post Buy -back.  
 
16. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
 
16.1  The brief financial information of the Company as extracted from the unaudited consolidated financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, and audited consolidated financial statement for 
the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023, are as given below:  
                 (Rs in Crores ) 
Particulars  Six Months 
ended 
September 30, 
2025  Fiscal 2025  Fiscal 2024  Fiscal 2023  
Revenue from Operations  1,517.16  3,183.48  3,446.54  4,550.89  
Other Income  43.70  87.74  52.28  33.64  
Total Income  1,560.86  3,271.22  3,498.82  4,584.53  
Total Expense  
(excluding Interest, Depreciation & 
Amortization and Tax)  1,162.73  2,307.49  2,599.08  3,065.79  
Finance Cost  4.50  16.12  25.47  37.25  
Depreciation & Amortisation  54.54  111.54  102.10  94.22  
Exceptional items gain /(loss)  - - 219.29  75.73  
Profit before tax  339.09  836.07  991.46  1,463.00  
Tax expenses (including deferred tax)  88.28  211.92  197.56  347.20  
Profit for the year/ period from  
continued operations  250.81  624.15  793.90  1,115.80  
Profit for the year/ period from  
discontinued operations  - - - 25.77  
Profit for the year/ period  250.81  624.15  793.90  1,141.57  
Other comprehensive income  (0.71)  (0.56)  0.11  (4.17)  
Total comprehensive income for the year/ 
period  250.10  623.59  794.01  1,137.40  
Paid -up equity share capital  96.07  95.75  95.72  95.59  
Other Equity  3,539.90  3,393.09  2,882.77  3,860.18  
Total Equity  3,635.97  3,488. 84 2,978.49  3,955.77  
Non -current Borrowings  47.88  61.53  114.97  242.62  
Current Borrowings  28.01  35.98  81.74  104.90  
Total Debt  75.89  97.51  196.71  347.52  
 
     Key financial ratios of the Company on consolidated basis are as under:  
 
Particulars  Six Months 
ended 
September 30, 
2025  Fiscal 2025  Fiscal 2024  Fiscal 2023  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share ( INR)  26.26  65.50   83.43   120.06  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share (INR) 26.22   65.34  83.33   120.06  
Book value per Equity Share (INR) 378.46  364.35  311.15   413.85  
33 
 Total Debt -Equity Ratio (Times)  0.02  0.03    0.07  0.09  
Return on Net worth (%)  6.90%   17.89%    26.65%  28.21%  
 
 The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Particulars  Explanations  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share ( INR)  Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Weighted  average 
number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Weighted  average 
number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year  
Book value per Equity Share ( INR)  Total Equity / Total number of Equity Shares outstanding at year end  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio (Times)  Total Debt / Total Equity  
Return on Net worth (%)  Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Total Equity at  the 
end of the year  
 
16.2  The brief financial information of the Company as extracted from the unaudited standalone financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, and audited standalone financial statement for 
the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023, are as given below:  
                  
(Rs in Crores)  
Particulars  Six Months 
ended 
September 30, 
2025  Fiscal 2025  Fiscal 2024  Fiscal 2023  
Revenue from Operations  1,517.16  3,183.48  3,446.54  4,550.89  
Other Income  45.00  89.73  51.85  33.16  
Total Income  1,562.16  3,273.21  3,498. 39 4,584.05  
Total Expense  
(excluding Interest, Depreciation & 
Amortization and Tax)  1,162.70  2,307.40  2,599.00  3,065.41  
Finance Cost  4.50  16.12  25.47  37.25  
Depreciation & Amortisation  54.54  111.54  102.10  94.22  
Exceptional items gain  - - 219.29  55.38  
Profit before tax  340.42  838.15  991.11  1,442.55  
Tax expenses (including deferred tax)  88.28  211.92  197.56  350.16  
Profit for the year /period from  
continued operations  252.14  626.23  793.55  1,092.39  
Profit for the year/ period from  
discontinued operations  - - - 24.32  
Profit for the year/ period  252.14  626.23  793.55  1,116.71  
Other comprehensive income  (0.92)  (0.21)  (0.01)  (3.61)  
Total comprehensive income for the year 
/period  251.22  626.02  793.54  1,113.10  
Paid -up equity share capital  96.07  95.75  95.72  95.59  
Other Equity  3,534.97  3,387.03  2,874.32  3,838.29  
Total Equity  3,631.04  3,482.78  2,970.04  3,933.88  
Non -current Borrowings  47.88  61.53  114.97  242.62  
Current Borrowings  28.01  35.98  81.74  104.90  
Total Debt  75.89  97.51  196.71  347.52  
34 
  
     Key fi nancial ratios of the Company on standalone  basis are as under:  
 
Particulars  Six Months ended 
September 30, 2025  Fiscal 2025  Fiscal 2024  Fiscal 2023  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share (INR)  26.39   65.72   83.39  117.45  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share (INR)  26.36  65.56   83.29  117.45  
Book value per Equity Share (INR)  377.95  363.72   310.27   411.55  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio (Times)  0.02  0.03   0.07  0.09  
Return on Net worth (%)  6.94%   17.98%  26.72%  27.77%  
 
 The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Particulars  Explanations  
Basic Earnings per Equity Share ( INR)  Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Weighted  average 
number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year  
Diluted Earnings per Equity Share ( INR) Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Weighted  average 
number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year  
Book value per Equity Share ( INR)  Total Equity / Total number of Equity Shares outstanding at year end  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio (Times)  Total Debt / Total Equity  
Return on Net worth (%)  Profit after tax attributable to Equity Shareholders / Total Equity at  the 
end of the year  
 
16.3 The Company hereby declares that it will comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended, if it becomes applicable, in connection with the 
Buyback.  
 
16.4  The Company hereby also declares that it has complied with and will comply with Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the 
Companies Act and all other provisions of the Companies Act, as may be applicable to the Buyback.  
 
17. STOCK MARKET DATA  
 
17.1  The Equity Shares are currently listed and traded only on the BSE and NSE. The  Equity Shares are currently traded 
under the trading code(s) 500171  at BSE and GHCL  at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares of the Company is 
INE539A01019 . 
 
(i) The following tables set forth the reported high, low and average  closing prices and the trading volumes of the 
Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges on the dates on which such high and low prices were recorded for the 
Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023:  
 
Based on share price data from NSE:  
NSE 
Fiscal  High 
(INR) Date of high  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
high  Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of high 
(INR lakhs)  Low 
(INR) Date of low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
low Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of low 
(INR lakhs)  Average 
price for 
the year 
(INR) 
2025  758.50  03-Jan-25 6,02,556  4,573.10  461.25  01-Apr-24 2,99,031  1,369.65  605.46  
2024  647.80  15-Sep-23 6,13,473  3,964.69  438.40  21-Mar-24 5,98,727  2,638.04  540.71  
35 
 2023  694.55  22-Sep-22 3,85,355  2,652.60  477.75  30-Jan-23 2,70,323  1,295.35  586.49  
Source: www.nseindia.com  
1. High, low and average prices are based on the daily closing prices.  
2. In the case of a year, average represents the average of the closing prices of all trading days of each year presented.  
3. In case of two days with the same high or low price, the date with the higher turnover has been chosen.  
 
Based on share price data from BSE:  
BSE 
Fiscal  High 
(INR) Date of 
high  Number 
of Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date 
of high  Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of high 
(INR lakhs)  Low 
(INR) Date of 
low Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
low Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of low 
(INR lakhs)  Average 
price for 
the year 
(INR) 
2025  758.85  03-Jan-25 34,684  263.30  461.80  01-Apr-24 20,972  95.91  605.40  
2024  647.80  15-Sep-23 24,676  159.25  439.25  21-Mar-24 15,673  69.06  540.53  
2023  696.20  22-Sep-22 53,573  369.70  475.75  30-Jan-23 33,609  160.52  586.14  
Source: www.bseindia.com  
1. High, low and average prices are based on the daily closing prices.  
2. In the case of a year, average represents the average of the closing prices of all trading days of each year presented.  
3. In case of two days with the same high or low price, the date with the higher turnover has been chosen.  
 
(ii) The following tables set forth the details of the number of Equity Shares traded on the Stock Exchanges and the 
turnover for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023:  
 
Fiscal  Number of Equity Shares Traded  Turnover  
(INR lakhs)  
BSE NSE BSE NSE 
2025  59,84,757  8,94,28,659  36,869.25  5,60,462.70  
2024  77,33,587  7,56,77,392  40,570.54  4,18,275.53  
2023  85,49,821  11,29,21,305  51,903.04  6,82,660.75  
 
(iii) The following tables set forth the reported high, low and average of the closing prices and the trading volumes of 
the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges on the dates on which such high and low prices were recorded during 
each of the last six months preceding the date of release of the Public Announcement i.e. November 4, 2025:  
 
Based on share price data from NSE:  
NSE 
Period  High 
(INR)  Date of high  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
high  Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of high 
(INR lakhs)  Low 
(INR)  Date of low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
low Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of low 
(INR lakhs)  Average 
price for 
the year 
(INR)  
Oct’25  656.55  21-Oct-25 76,283  503.10  605.10  03-Oct-25 3,74,782  2,284.38  631.54  
Sep’25  604.95  30-Sep-25 3,14,544  1,895.78  543.40  09-Sep-25 67,758  369.41  573.13  
Aug’25  585.90  01-Aug-25 1,43,620  851.74  547.90  11-Aug-25 65,323  357.12  567.28  
Jul’25  632.40  30-Jul-25 3,43,278  2,152.74  587.35  28-Jul-25 1,29,705  770.04  611.95  
Jun’25  636.95  11-Jun-25 1,30,625  834.41  572.00  20-Jun-25 5,35,827  3,079.87  613.22  
May’25  636.20  19-May -25 2,57,131  1,627.35  576.25  09-May -25 90,158  511.78  610.16  
Source: www.nseindia.com  
1. High, low and average prices are based on the daily closing prices.  
2. In the case of a year, average represents the average of the closing prices of all trading days of each year presented.  
36 
 3. In case of two days with the same high or low price, the date with the higher turnover has been chosen . 
 
Based on share price data from BSE:  
BSE 
Period  High 
(INR)  Date of high  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
high  Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of high 
(INR lakhs)  Low 
(INR)  Date of low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
the date of 
low Total 
turnover of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded on 
date of low 
(INR lakhs)  Average 
price for 
the year 
(INR)  
Oct’25  656.15  21-Oct-25 4,885  32.21  601.25  03-Oct-25 6,561  40.25  631.14  
Sep’25  605.60  30-Sep-25 17,485  105.32  543.20  09-Sep-25 5,588  30.45  573.07  
Aug’25  587.80  01-Aug-25 12,803  75.98  548.10  08-Aug-25 4,784  26.38  567.34  
Jul’25  633.90  30-Jul-25 24,243  152.35  587.50  28-Jul-25 13,304  79.35  612.08  
Jun’25  635.80  11-Jun-25 2,783  17.76  573.00  20-Jun-25 9,262  53.55  613.11  
May’25  637.45  19-May -25 19,149  121.33  575.50  09-May -25 11,017  62.29  610.22  
Source: www.bseindia.com  
1. High, low and average prices are based on the daily closing prices.  
2. In the case of a year, average represents the average of the closing prices of all trading days of each year presented.  
3. In case of two days with the same high or low price, the date with the higher turnover has been chosen.  
 
(iv) The following tables set forth the details of the number of Equity Shares traded on the Stock Exchanges and the 
turnover for each of the last six months preceding the date of release of the Public Announcement i.e. November 
4, 2025 : 
 
Period  Number of Equity Shares Traded  Turnover  
(INR lakhs)  
BSE NSE BSE NSE 
Oct’25  1,79,337  35,70,235  1,142.06  22,618.05  
Sep’25  1,59,905  23,67,427  932.18  13,757.44  
Aug’25  1,48,408  16,60,598  844.30  9,430.62  
Jul’25  3,27,688  33,05,124  2,010.93  20,295.35  
Jun’25  1,63,136  37,83,103  1,006.58  23,269.91  
May’25  1,70,153  31,30,378  1,037.04  19,062.96  
 
17.2  The proposal for the Buyback was approved at the Board Meeting, for which the intimation was sent to the Stock 
Exchanges on Wednesday, October 29, 2025. The closing market price of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE during this 
period are summarized  below:  
 
Event  Date  BSE ( INR) NSE (INR) 
1 (One) trading day prior to the prior intimation of 
convening the Board Meeting  October 28, 2025  636.70  637.65  
Date of prior intimation regarding convening of Board 
Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback  October 29, 2025  647.70  648.00  
1 (One) trading day prior to the Board Meeting  October 31, 2025  640.90  640.20  
Date of the Board Meeting  November 1, 2025  Not Traded  Not Traded  
1 (One) trading day post the Board Meeting  November 3, 2025  620.55  620.35  
Date of Publication of Public Announcement  November 4, 2025  616.50  616.60  
 Source: www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com . 
  
37 
 18. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  
 
18.1  The Board at its meeting held on November 01 , 2025, approved the proposal for Buyback.  
18.2  The Buyback will be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required under the applicable laws including from 
SEBI and/ or NSE or BSE, and the Buyback from Non -Resident Shareholders, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and 
other applicable categories will be subject to such approvals of the RBI, if any, under FEMA and/or such other applicable 
rules and regulations in force for the time being.  
18.3  The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals as may be required by 
such Eligible Shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The Eligible Shareholder shall be solely responsible for 
obtaining all such statutory consents and approvals (including, without limitation the approval from the RBI, if any) as 
may be required by them in order to sell their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An Eligible 
Shareholder would be required to provide copies of all such consents and approvals obtained by them to the Registrar 
to the Buyback. The Buyback of Equity Shares from Non -Resident Shareholders will be subject to approvals, if any, of 
the appropriate authorities, including RBI under FEMA, as applicable. It is the obligation of such Non -Resident 
Shareholders, to obtain such approvals and submit such approvals along with the Tender Form, so as to enable them to 
tender Equity Shares in the Buyback and for the Company to purchase such Equity Shares, tendered. The Company will 
have the right to make payment to the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and 
not accept Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom prior RBI approval is required in the event 
copies of such approvals are not submitted.  
18.4  By participating in the Buyback, the Non -Resident Shareholders give the Company the authority to make, sign, execute, 
deliver, acknowledge and perform all applications to file regulatory reporting(s), if required, including the form FC -TRS, 
if necessary and such Non -Resident Shareholders undertake to provide assistance to the Company for such regulatory 
reporting, if required by the Company.  
18.5  As of date, there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback, other than that 
indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable subsequently, the Buyback Offer will be 
subject to such statutory or regulatory approval(s). In the event of any delay in receipt of any statutory / regulatory 
approvals, changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback Offer, if any, shall be intimated to the Stock Exchanges.  
19. DETAILS OF REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRE  
 
Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback can send the Tender Form by registered 
post/ speed post or hand deliver the same, along with the TRS generated by the exchange bidding system along with all 
relevant documents by super -scribing the envelope as “GHCL Limited – Buyback 2025 ”, to the Registrar to the Buyback 
at its office set out below, so that the same are received on or before the Buyback Closing Date (i.e. Wednesday, 
November 26, 2025)  by 5:00 pm (IST).  
 MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
Address:  C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400 083  Maharashtra, India  
Tel. No.:  +91 8108114949   
Email:   ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com   
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com      
Investor Grievance: ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com   
Contact Person:  Shanti Gopalkrishnan   
SEBI Registration No. : INR000004058   
Validity Period : Permanent  
 
In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday to Friday between 
10:00 am to 5:00 pm on all working days except public holidays at the above -mentioned address.  
 
For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form, the Tender Form and TRS are not required to be 
submitted to the Company, Manager or the Registrar. After the confirmation of lien marked in demat account of the 
Eligible Shareholders to the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid for buyback 
shall be deemed to have been accepted for Eligible Shareholders holding the equity shares in demat form.  

38 
  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND OTHER RELEVANT 
DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK.  
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO ENSURE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND OTHER RELEVANT 
DOCUMENTS ARE COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECTS OTHERWISE THE SAME ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
 
20. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
20.1  The Company proposes to Buyback up to  41,37,931 (Forty One Lakhs Thirty Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty 
One)  Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate basis, through the Tender Offer route, at a price 
of INR 725/ - (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty Five only)  per Equity Share, payable in cash for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding INR 3,00,00,00,000 / - (Indian Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only) , which represents 8.73% and 
8.71% of the aggregate of the total paid‐up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the latest 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company  as at March 31, 2025, through the Tender 
Offer route using the stock exchange mechanism, on a proportionate basis from all the Equity Shareholders/beneficial 
owners of the Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date. The Buyback is in accordance with Article 32 of the 
Articles of Association of the Company and Sections 68, 69, 70  and any other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, and rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules and the Management Rules, to the 
extent applicable, Buyback Regulations read SEBI Circulars and the Listing Regulations, subject to such other approvals, 
permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary, and subject to any modifications and 
conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC, NSE, BSE and/or other authorities while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
20.2  The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in the Buyback and, 
accordingly, Eligible Shareholders may take their own decision after consulting their own advisors, as they may deem 
fit, regarding their participation in the Buyback.  The Board  approved the Buyback vide a board resolution which was 
passed in the Board Meeting held on November 01, 2025. The Buyback Size does not exceed 10% of the fully paid -up 
equity share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited  standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company  of the Company as on March 31, 2025, available as on the date of the Board Meeting approving the Buyback, 
i.e., November 01, 2025 . 
 
20.3  The aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and members of the Promoter Group as on the date of th is Letter of 
Offer  is 1,82,29,669  Equity Shares, which represents 18.97 % of the existing equity share capital of the Company. In 
terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoters and members of the Promoter Group 
and persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoters 
and members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company, vide their letters dated November 01 , 
2025, have expressed their intention to not participate in the Buyback.  
 
20.4  Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders 
upto their Entitlement including the members of the Promoter Group, the aggregate shareholding and the voting 
rights of the members of the Promoter Group, may increase to 19.83 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback 
shareholding of 18.97 %, and the aggregate shareholding of the public Shareholders in the Company may decrease to 
80.17 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback shareholding of 81.03 %. 
 
20.5  Record Date, Ratio of Buyback and Buyback Entitlement:  
 
a. As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Company has fixed Friday , November , 14, 2025 as the Record 
Date for the purpose of determining the entitlement and the names of the shareholders of the Equity Shares, 
who are eligible to participate in the Buyback.  
 
b. The Equity Shares to be bought back, as part of the Buyback is divided into two categories and the entitlement 
of a shareholder in each category shall be calculated accordingly:  
i. Reserved category for Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”); and  
ii. the General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders other than Small Shareholders (“ General Category ”). 
39 
  
c. As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “small shareholder” is a shareholder of the 
Company who holds Equity Shares whose market value, on the basis of the closing price of the Equity Shares on 
NSE and BSE having the highest trading volume as on the Record Date, is not more than INR 2,00,000/ - (Indian 
Rupees two lakh only). As on the Record Date, the closing price on NSE, having the highest trading volume, was 
INR 606.15 /- per Equity Share. Accordingly, all Eligible Shareholders holding not more than 329 Equity Shares as 
on the Record Date are classified as ‘Small Shareholders’ for the purpose of the Buyback.  
 
d. Based on the above definition, there are 91,313  Small Shareholders with aggregate shareholding of 71,06,069  
Equity Shares, as on the Record Date, which constitutes 7.40 % of the outstanding number of Equity Shares of the 
Company and 171.13 % of the maximum number of Equity Shares which are proposed to be bought back as part 
of this Buyback. 7,07,36,348 Equity Shares were held by the other Eligible Shareholders in the General Category 
as on the Record Date.  
 
e. In furtherance to Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the Small Shareholders (Reserved 
Category), will be higher o f: 
 
i. 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback, which works out to 6,20,690 
Equity Shares; or  
 
ii. number of Equity Shares as per their entitlement as on the Record Date (i.e., [71,06,069 / 7,78,42,417 
×41,37,931] ) , which works out to 3,77,743 Equity Shares. All the outstanding fully paid -up Equity Shares 
excluding shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group have been used for computing the Buyback 
Entitlement of Small Shareholders as the Promoter and Promoter Group do not intend to participate in the 
Buyback . 
 
f. Based on the above analysis and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, 6,20,690 Equity 
Shares have been reserved for the Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”) and accordingly, the General 
Category for all other Eligible Shareholders shall consist of  35,17,241 Equity Shares (“ General Category ”). 
 
g. Based on the aforementioned, the  entitlement ratio of Buyback for both categories are set forth below:  
 
Category  Indicative Entitlement ratio in the Buyback*  
Reserved category for Small Shareholders  78 Equity Shares out of every 893 Equity Shares 
held on the Record Date  
General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders  9 Equity Shares out of every 181 Equity Shares held 
on the Record Date  
*The above ratio of Buyback is approximate and provides an indicative Buyback Entitlement. Any computation of 
entitled Equity Shares using the above ratio may provide a slightly different number due to rounding off. The 
actual Buyback Entitlement for Reserved Category for Small Shareholders is 0.087346464 % and General Category 
for all other eligible Shareholders is 0.049723248 % . 
 
20.6  Fractional Entitlements  
 
If the Buyback Entitlement under Buyback, after applying the above -mentioned ratios to the Equity Shares (held on 
the Record Date), is not a round number (not in the multiple of 1 (one) Equity Share), then the fractional entitlement 
shall be ignored for computation of the Buyback Entitlement to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback for both 
categories of Eligible Shareholders.  
 
On account of ignoring the fractional Entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 11 or less Equity Shares as on 
Record Date, will be dispatched a Tender Form with zero Entitlement. Such Small Shareholders are entitled to tender 
Additional Equity Shares as part of the Buyback Offer and will be given preference in the acceptance of one Equity 
Share, if such Small Shareholders have tendered Additional Equity Shares.  
 
40 
 20.7  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category:  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will accept the Equity Shares tendered in the 
Buyback by the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category in the following order of priority:  
 
a. Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category who have validly tendered 
their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, 
whichever is less.  
 
b. Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 20.7 (a) above, in case, there are any Equity Shares left to be 
bought back from the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category, the Small Shareholders who were entitled to 
tender zero Equity Shares (on account of fractional Entitlement), and have tendered Additional Equity Shares as 
part of the Buyback, shall be given preference and one Equity Share each from the Additional Equity Shares 
tendered by these Small Shareholders shall be bought back in the Reserved Category.  
 
c. Post the Acceptance as described in paragraphs 20.7 (a) and 20.7 (b) above, in case, there are any validly tendered 
unaccepted Equity Shares in the Reserved Category (“ Reserved Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares 
left to be bought back in Reserved Category, the Reserved Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in a 
proportionate manner and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, i.e., valid 
Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to the Reserved Category Additional Shares validly tendered 
by the Eligible Shareholder divided by the total Reserved Category Additional Shares and multiplied by the total 
number of Equity Shares remaining to be bought back in Reserved Category. For the purpose of this calculation, 
the Reserved Category Additional Shares taken into account for such Small Shareholders, from whom one Equity 
Share has been Accepted in accordance with paragraph 20.7 (b) above, shall be reduced by one.  
 
d. Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described in paragraph 20.7 (c) above, 
will be made as follows:  
 
i. For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal 
to 0.50 (point five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
ii. For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Buyback Committee or 
any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide such final allocation with 
respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity 
Shares as set out in the process described in paragraph 20 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
20.8  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category:  
 
 Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will Accept the Equity Shares tendered in the 
Buyback Offer by Eligible Shareholders (other than Small Shareholders) in the General Category in the following order 
of priority:  
 
a. Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Eligible Shareholders in the General Category who have validly tendered 
their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Shares tendered by them, 
whichever is less.  
 
b. Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 20.8 (a) above, in case, there are any validly tendered unaccepted 
Equity Shares in the General Category (“ General Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares left to be bought 
back in General Category, the General Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in a proportionate manner 
and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, i.e., valid Acceptances per Eligible 
41 
 Shareholder shall be equal to the General Category Additional Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder 
divided by the total General Category Additional Shares and multiplied by the total number of Shares remaining to 
be bought back in General Category.  
 
c. Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described in paragraph 20.8 (b) above, 
will be made as follows:  
 
i. For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 
0.50 (point five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
ii. For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five 
zero), then the fraction shall be ignored.   
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Buyback Committee or 
any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide such final allocation with 
respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity 
Shares as set out in the process described in paragraph 19 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
20.9  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between Categories:  
 
a. After Acceptances of Equity Shares, as mentioned in paragraphs 20.7 and 20.8 above, in case, there are any Equity 
Shares left to be bought back in one category (“ Partially Filled Category ”) and there are additional unaccepted 
validly tendered Equity Shares (“ Further Additional Shares ”) in the second category (“ Over Tendered Category ”), 
then the Further Additional Shares in the Over Tendered Category shall be Accepted in a proportionate manner 
i.e., valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to Further Additional Shares validly tendered by the 
Eligible Shareholder in the Over Tendered Category divided by the total Further Additional Shares in the Over 
Tendered Category and multiplied by the total Shares left to be bought back in the Partially Filled Category.  
 
b. If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category and the Over Tendered Category is the Reserved Category, 
then any Small Shareholder who has received a Tender Form with zero Buyback Entitlement and who has 
tendered Additional Equity Shares shall be eligible for priority Acceptance of one Equity Share before Acceptance 
in paragraph 20.9 (a) out of the Equity Shares left to be bought back in the Partially Filled Category provided no 
Acceptance could take place from such Shareholder in accordance with paragraph 20.8 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
c. Adjustment for fraction results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as defined in paragraph 20.9 (a) and 20.9 (b) 
above:  
 
i. For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 
0.50 (point five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
ii. For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to be Accepted, calculated on a 
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five 
zero), then the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Buyback Committee or 
any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide such final allocation with 
respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity 
Shares as set out in the process described in paragraph 20 of this Letter of Offer.  
  
42 
  
20.10  For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that:  
 
a. Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, shall be lower of the following:  
 
i. the number of Equity Shares tendered by the respective Eligible Shareholder; and  
ii. the number of Equity Shares held by the respective Eligible Shareholder, as on the Record Date.  
 
b. Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such 
Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
 
c. In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, any person(s) 
authorized by the Board will have the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or 
any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the 
process described in paragraph 20 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
20.11  Clubbing of Entitlement  
 
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the same Eligible Shareholders 
with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher Entitlement under the Small Shareholder category, the 
Company proposes to club together the Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholders with a common PAN for 
determining the category (Small Shareholder or General) and Entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint 
shareholding, the Company will club together the Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the 
joint Shareholders is identical and where the PANs of all joint Shareholders are not available, the Company will check 
the sequence of the names of the joint holders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the 
name of joint Shareholders is identical. In case of Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, where 
the sequence of PANs is identical and where the PANs of all joint Shareholders are not available, the Company will 
check the sequence of the names of the joint holders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where 
the sequence of the PANs and name of joint Shareholders are identical. The shareholding of institutional investors like 
mutual funds, pension funds/trusts and insurance companies etc., with common PAN will not be clubbed together for 
determining the category and will be considered separately, where these Equity Shares are held for different schemes 
and have a different demat account nomenclature based on information prepared by the Registrar to the Buyback as 
per the Shareholder records received from the Depositories. Further, the Equity Shares held under the category of 
“clearing members” or “corporate body margin account” or “corporate body –broker” as per the beneficial position 
data as on the Record Date, with common PAN, are not proposed to be clubbed together for determining their 
Entitlement and will be considered separately, where these Equity Shares are assumed to be held on behalf of clients.  
 
21. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER OFFER AND SETTLEMENT  
 
21.1  The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares either in physical and/or in dematerialized form 
as on Record Date.  
21.2  The Company proposes to effect the Buyback through the Tender Offer route through Stock Exchange Mechanism, on 
a proportionate basis. The Letter of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback as well as the detailed 
disclosures as specified in the Buyback Regulations, will be e -mailed/dispatched to Eligible Shareholders.  
21.3  The Eligible Shareholders who have registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company, shall be 
dispatched the Letter of Offer through electronic means. The Eligible Shareholders who have not registered their 
email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company, shall be dispatched the Letter of Offer through physical mode by 
registered post/ speed post/ courier upon request. In case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and the Tender Form, 
please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph 20.27 of this Letter of Offer.  
21.4  The Company will not accept any Equity Shares tendered for Buyback which are under any restraint order of the 
court/ any other competent authority for transfer/ sale and/ or title in respect of which is otherwise under dispute or 
where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company and the duplicate share certificates have not been 
issued either due to such request being under process as per the provisions of law or otherwise. The Company shall 
comply with Regulation 24(v) of the Buyback Regulations which states that the Company shall not buyback locked -in 
Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till the pendency of the lock -in or till such Equity Shares become 
43 
 transferable. The Company shall also not accept the Equity Shares offered for Buyback where the title to such Equity 
Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear.  
21.5  Eligible Shareholders will have to transfer the Equity Shares from the same demat account in which they were holding 
the Equity Shares as on the Record Date and in case of multiple demat accounts, Eligible Shareholders are required to 
tender the applications separately from each demat account. In case of any changes in the demat account in which 
the Equity Shares were held as on Record Date, such Eligible Shareholders should provide sufficient proof of the same 
to the Registrar to the Buyback and such tendered Equity Shares may be accepted subject to appropriate verification 
and validation by the Registrar to the Buyback. The Board or Buyback Committee authorized by the Board will have 
the authority to decide such final allocation in case of non -receipt of sufficient proof by such Eligible Shareholder.  
21.6  The participation of Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is voluntary. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of 
the Company may choose to participate, in full or in part, and get cash in lieu of shares to be accepted under the 
Buyback or they may choose not to participate and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post -
Buyback, without additional investment. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company may also accept 
a part of their Entitlement. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company also have the option of 
tendering Additional Equity Shares (over and above their Entitlement) and participate in the shortfall created due to 
non-participation of some other Eligible Shareholders, if any. If the Buyback Entitlement for any Eligible Shareholder is 
not a round number, the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of entitlement to tender Equity 
Shares in the Buyback. The Acceptance of any Equity Shares tendered in excess of the Buyback Entitlement by the 
Eligible Shareholder shall be in terms of the procedure outlined herein. In case any Eligible Shareholder or any person 
claiming to be an Eligible Shareholder cannot participate in the Buyback Offer for any reason, the Company, the 
Manager and Registrar to the Buyback and their officers shall not be liable in any manner for such non -participation.  
21.7  The maximum number of Equity Shares that can be tendered under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot 
exceed the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date. In case the Eligible 
Shareholder holds Equity Shares through multiple demat accounts, the tender through a demat account cannot 
exceed the number of Equity Shares held in that demat account.  
21.8  The Company shall accept all the Equity Shares validly tendered for the Buyback by Eligible Shareholders, on the basis 
of their Buyback Entitlement as on the Record Date.  
21.9  As elaborated under paragraphs 20.5 and 20.6 above, the Equity Shares proposed to be bought as a part of the 
Buyback are divided into two categories: (a) Reserved Category for Small Shareholders and (b) the General Category 
for all other Eligible Shareholders. The Buyback Entitlement of Eligible Shareholders in each category shall be 
calculated accordingly.  
21.10  Post Acceptance of the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of Buyback Entitlement, Equity Shares left to be bought as 
a part of the Buyback, if any, in one category shall first be accepted, in proportion to the Equity Shares tendered, over 
and above their Buyback Entitlement, by Eligible Shareholders in that category, and thereafter, from Eligible 
Shareholders who have tendered over and above their Buyback Entitlement, in other category.  
21.11  The Buyback shall be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” as 
specified by the SEBI Circulars and following the procedure prescribed in the Companies Act, the Share Capital Rules 
and the Buyback Regulations and as may be determined by the Board (including the Buyback Committee authorized 
to complete the formalities of the Buyback) and on such terms and conditions as may be permitted by law from time 
to time.  
21.12  For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Limited as 
Company’s Broker to facilitate the process of tendering of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange Mechanism for 
the Buyback and through whom the purchases and settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the 
Company. The contact details of the Company’s Broker are as follows:  
  Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Limited  
The Capital, A -Wing, No. 603 -606, 6th Floor,  
Plot No. C -70, G -Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India  
Telephone: +91-22-6619 8000  
Email: compliance@systematixgroup.in  
Contact Person:  Vikram Kabra  
Website: www.systematixgroup.in  
SEBI Registration Number:  INZ000171134  
  

44 
 21.13  NSE will be the designated stock exchange for the purpose of this Buyback. The Company will request the Stock 
Exchanges to provide the separate acquisition window (“ Acquisition Window ”) to facilitate placing of sell orders by 
Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback. The details of the Acquisition Window will be 
specified by the Stock Exchanges from time to time.  
 
21.14  During the tendering period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the Acquisition Window by 
Eligible Shareholders through their respective stock broker(s) (“ Seller Member(s) ”) during normal trading hours of the 
secondary market. The Seller Member can enter orders for Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and physical 
form. In the tendering process, the Company’s Broker may also process the orders received from the Eligible 
Shareholders.  
21.15  In the event the Seller Member(s) of any Eligible Shareholder is not registered with the Stock Exchanges as a trading 
member/ stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholder can approach any NSE/ BSE registered stock broker and can 
register themselves by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) facility through the NSE/ BSE registered stock broker 
(after submitting all details as may be required by such NSE/ BSE registered stock broker in compliance with 
applicable law). In case the Eligible Shareholders are unable to register using UCC facility through any other NSE/ BSE 
registered broker, Eligible Shareholders may approach Company’s Broker i.e., Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) 
Limited to place their bids, subject to completion of KYC requirements as required by the Company’s Broker.  
21.16  The Eligible Shareholder approaching the NSE/BSE registered stock broker (with whom he does not have an account) 
may have to submit the requisite documents as may be required. The requirement of documents and procedures may 
vary from broker to broker:  
 
 In case of Eligible Shareholder being an Individual  
 
 If Eligible Shareholder is registered with KYC Registration Agency (“KRA”): Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -attested):  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest Demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Shareholder is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form Documents required (all documents self -attested):  
• PAN card copy  
• Address proof  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest Demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Shareholder is HUF:  
 
If Eligible Seller is registered with KYC Registration Agency (“ KRA ”): Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form of KARTA including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -attested):  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest Demat statement)  
 
45 
 If Eligible Shareholder is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC form of KARTA including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -attested):  
• PAN card copies of HUF & KARTA  
• Address proof of HUF & KARTA  
• HUF declaration  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest Demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person verification may be required.  
In case of Eligible Shareholder other than Individual and HUF : 
If Eligible Shareholder is KRA registered: Form required  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents certified true copy)  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest Demat statement)  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of Directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 years financial statements  
 
If Eligible Shareholder is not KRA registered: Forms required:  
• KRA form  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents certified true copy):  
• PAN card copy of company/ firm/trust  
• Address proof of company/ firm/trust  
• Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest Demat statement)  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of Directors/authorised signatories /partners/trustees  
• PAN card copies & address proof of Directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution/partnership declaration  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 years financial statements  
• MoA/Partnership deed /trust deed  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The requirement of documents and 
procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
21.17  All Eligible Shareholders, through their respective Seller Member/stock broker(s), will be eligible and responsible to 
place orders in the Acquisition Window.  
 
46 
 21.18  During the Tendering Period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the Acquisition Window by 
Eligible Shareholders through their respective Seller Member(s) during normal trading hours of the secondary market. 
The Seller Member can enter orders for Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and physical form.  
 
21.19  The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including foreign corporate bodies 
(including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign portfolio investors, non -resident Indians, members of foreign 
nationality, if any, shall be subject to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject 
to the receipt / provision by such Eligible Shareholders of such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or required 
from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, approvals from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any.  
 
21.20  The reporting requirements for non -resident shareholders under RBI, Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as 
amended and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible 
Shareholders and/ or the Seller Member.  
 
21.21  Modification/ cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder will be allowed during the 
Tendering Period of the Buyback. Multiple bids made by a single Eligible Shareholder for selling Equity Shares shall be 
clubbed and considered as “one bid” for the purposes of acceptance.  
 
21.22  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) throughout the trading session and will be updated at specific intervals during the Tendering 
Period.  
 
21.23  All documents sent by the Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to 
safeguard adequately their interests in this regard. Eligible Shareholders shall also provide all relevant documents, 
which are necessary to ensure transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of the Tender Form to be sent. Such 
documents may include (but not be limited to):  
i. Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder has signed the Tender Form;  
ii. Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/legal heirship certificate, in case any Eligible 
Shareholder has expired; and  
iii. In case of companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations (including board and/or general meeting 
resolutions).  
 
21.24  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form:  
 
a) Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares held by them in dematerialized form under the 
Buyback would have to do so through their respective Seller Member by indicating to the concerned Seller 
Member, the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback .  
b) The Seller Member(s) would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholders who wish to 
tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges.  
c) The details of the settlement number under which the lien will be marked on the Equity Shares tendered for the 
Buyback will be provided in a separate circular to be issued by the Stock Exchanges or the Clearing Corporation.  
d) The lien shall be marked by the Seller Member in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder for the shares 
tendered in tender offer. Details of shares marked as lien in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder shall be 
provided by the Depositories to NSE Clearing Limited and Indian Clearing Corporation Limited (“ Clearing 
Corporation” ). In case, the Shareholders demat account is held with one Depository and clearing member pool 
and Clearing Corporation Account is held with other Depository, shares shall be blocked in the shareholders demat 
account at source Depository during the tendering period. Inter Depository tender offer (“ IDT”) instructions shall 
be initiated by the shareholders at source Depository to clearing member/ Clearing Corporation account at target 
Depository. Source Depository shall block the shareholder’s securities (i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked 
balance) and send IDT message to target Depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of shares blocked in 
the shareholders demat account shall be provided by the target Depository to the Clearing Corporation.  
47 
 e) For custodian participant orders for demat Equity Shares, early pay -in is mandatory prior to confirmation of order 
by custodian. The custodian shall either confirm or reject the orders not later than the closing of trading hours on 
the last day of the Tendering Period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. For all 
confirmed custodian participant orders, order modification by the concerned Selling Member shall revoke the 
custodian confirmation and the revised order shall be sent to the custodian again for confirmation.  
f) Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member(s) shall provide a Transaction Registration Slip (“TRS”)  generated by the 
exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder on whose behalf the bid has been placed. The TRS will 
contain the details of the order submitted like bid ID number, application number, DP ID, client ID, number of 
Equity Shares tendered etc.  
g) IT IS CLARIFIED THAT IN CASE OF DEMATERIALIZED EQUITY SHARES, SUBMISSION OF THE TENDER FORM AND 
TRS IS NOT MANDATORY . After the receipt of the demat Equity Shares by the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid 
in the exchange bidding system, the Buyback shall be deemed to have been accepted, for Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in demat form.  
h) The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the Depository participant (“ DP”) account active and 
unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated Buyback decided 
by the Company. Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the bank account attached with 
the DP account active and updated to receive credit remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the 
Company.  
21.25  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form:  
 
a) In accordance with SEBI’s circular dated July 31, 2020 (circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144), 
shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are allowed to tender such shares in a buyback undertaken 
through the Tender Offer route. However, such tendering shall be as per the provisions of the Buyback 
Regulations. Nevertheless, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are urged to have their 
shares dematerialized so as to be able to freely transfer them and participate in corporate actions in a convenient 
and effective manner.  
b) Eligible Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to participate in the Buyback will be 
required to approach their respective Seller Member along with the complete set of documents for verification 
procedures to be carried out before placement of the bid. Such documents will include the (a) Tender Form duly 
signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case shares are in joint names, in the same order in which they hold the 
shares), (b) original share certificate(s), (c) valid share transfer form(s)/ Form SH -4 duly filled and signed by the 
transferors (i.e., by all registered Shareholders in the same order and as per the specimen signatures registered 
with the Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company, 
(d) self -attested copy of PAN card(s) of all Eligible Shareholders, (e) any other relevant documents such as power 
of attorney, corporate authorization (including board resolution/ specimen signature), notarized copy of death 
certificate and succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as applicable. In 
addition, if the address of the Eligible Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the 
register of members of the Company, the Eligible Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of 
address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar card, voter identity card or passport.  
c) Based on documents mentioned in paragraph 2 1.25 (b) above, the concerned Seller Member shall place an order/ 
bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form who wish to tender Equity Shares 
in the Buyback, using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges. Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member 
shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder. TRS will contain the 
details of order submitted like folio number, certificate number, distinctive number, number of Equity Shares 
tendered etc.  
d) Any Seller Member/ Eligible Shareholder who places a bid for physical Equity Shares, is required to deliver the 
original share certificate(s) and documents (as mentioned above) along with TRS generated by exchange bidding 
system upon placing of bid, either by registered post, speed post or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the 
Buyback i.e.,  MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (at the address mentioned on cover page) on or before the 
Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednesday, November 26, 2025  by 5:00 pm (IST). The envelope should be super scribed 
48 
 as “GHCL Limited  - Buyback 2025 ”. One copy of the TRS will be retained by Registrar to the Buyback and it will 
provide acknowledgement of the same to the Seller Member.  
e) The Eligible Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity Shares will not be 
accepted unless the complete set of documents are submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares for 
Buyback by the Company shall be subject to verification as per the Buyback Regulations and any further directions 
issued in this regard. The Registrar to the Buyback will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a 
daily basis and till such verification, the Stock Exchanges shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. 
Once Registrar to the Buyback confirms the bids, they will be treated as ‘confirmed bids’.  
f) SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022, mandated all 
listed companies to issue the securities in dematerialized form only while processing the service request of issue, 
inter alia, relating to the sub -division or splitting of share certificate. In view of the same, the Company shall issue 
a letter of confirmation (“ LOC”) in lieu of any excess physical Equity Shares pursuant to proportionate 
acceptance/rejection and the LOC shall be dispatched to the address registered with the Registrar. The Registrar 
shall retain the original share certificate and deface the certificate with a stamp “Letter of Confirmation Issued” on 
the face / reverse of the certificate to the extent of the excess physical shares. The LOC shall be valid for a period 
of 120 days from the date of its issuance, within which the Equity Shareholder shall be required to make a request 
to his/her depository participant for dematerializing the physical Equity Shares returned. In case the Equity 
Shareholder fails to submit the demat request within the aforesaid period, the Registrar shall credit the Equity 
Shares to a separate demat account of the Company opened for the said purpose.  
g) In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for dematerialization, such Eligible 
Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialized is completed well in time 
so that they can participate in the Buyback before the closure of the tendering period of the Buyback.  
h) An unregistered shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form may also tender their Equity Shares in the 
Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer deed for transfer of shares, purchased prior to the Record Date, 
in their name, along with the offer form, copy of their PAN card and of the person from whom they have 
purchased shares and other relevant documents as required for transfer, if any.  
21.26 For Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (Read with 
paragraph 1 8 “Details of Statutory Approvals”) : 
 
a. Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (excluding FIIs) shall also enclose a copy 
of the permission received by them from RBI, if applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them.  
b. Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs should also enclose a copy of their SEBI registration certificate.  
c. In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non -Resident Shareholder shall obtain and enclose a 
letter from its authorised dealer / bank confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for 
the same was made by the Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account (e.g., NRE a/c.) as specified by 
RBI in its approval. In case the Non -Resident Shareholder is not in a position to produce the said certificate, the 
Equity Shares would be deemed to have been acquired on non -repatriation basis and in that case the Non -
Resident Shareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company, allowing the Company to make the 
payment on a non -repatriation basis in respect of the valid Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback.  
d. If any of the above stated documents, as applicable, are not enclosed along with the Tender Form, the Equity 
Shares tendered under the Buyback are liable to be rejected.  
 
THE NON RECEIPT OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMMISSION TO DISPATCH THE LETTER OF OFFER 
TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE SAME TO PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK, SHALL NOT 
INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK OFFER IN ANY WAY. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL ACCEPT EQUITY SHARES 
VALIDLY TENDERED FOR THE BUYBACK OFFER ON THE BASIS OF THEIR HOLDING AND ENTITLEMENT AS APPEARING 
IN THE RECORDS OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE RECORD DATE.  
 
49 
 21.27  In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form:  
i. In case the Eligible Shareholders hold Equity Shares in dematerialized form : If any Eligible Shareholder who is 
holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form and has been sent the Letter of Offer through electronic means 
wishes to obtain a physical copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the Company or 
Registrar at the address or email ID mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of Offer stating name, address, 
number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client ID number, DP name/ ID, beneficiary account number. 
Upon receipt of such request, a physical copy of the Letter of Offer shall be provided to such Eligible 
Shareholder. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading the Tender Form from the 
websites of the Company ( www.ghcl.co.in ), the Manager to the Buyback ( www.systematixgroup.in ), the 
Registrar ( www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) or BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) or by providing his/her/its application in writing on a plain paper, signed by all Eligible 
Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of Equity 
Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number 
of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback.  
ii. In case the Eligible Shareholders hold in physical form:  An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback 
by providing his/her/its application in writing on a plain paper signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint 
holding) stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity Share certificate number, 
number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original 
Equity Share certificate(s), copy of Eligible Shareholder’s PAN card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour 
of the Company. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading the Tender Form from 
the websites of the Company ( www.ghcl.co.in ), the Manager to the Buyback ( www.systematixgroup.in  ), the 
Registrar ( www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) or BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) and must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite documents, reach 
the Registrar to the Buyback on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednesday, November 26, 2025 by 5:00 
pm (IST). If the signature(s) of the Eligible Shareholders provided in the plain paper application differs from the 
specimen signature(s) recorded with the registrar of the Company or are not in the same order (although 
attested), such Tender Forms are liable to be rejected under this Buyback.  
 
Please note that Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback will be required to approach 
their respective Seller Member (along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures in case of 
Equity Shares held in physical form) and have to ensure that their bid is entered by their respective Seller 
Member in the electronic platform to be made available by the Designated Stock Exchange before the Buyback 
Closing Date.  
 
The Company shall accept Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder(s) in the Buyback on the 
basis of their shareholding as on the Record Date and the Buyback Entitlement. Eligible Shareholder(s) who 
intend to participate in the Buyback using the ‘plain paper’ option as mentioned in this paragraph are advised to 
confirm their Entitlement from the Registrar to the Buyback Offer, before participating in the Buyback.  
 
The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is entirely at the discretion of the Eligible Shareholders. 
The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any Eligible Shareholder to either participate or 
to not participate in the Buyback. The Company will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share 
certificate(s) and other documents during transit and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard 
their interest in this regard.  
 
21.28     ACCEPTANCE  OF ORDERS  
 
The Registrar to the Buyback shall provide details of order Acceptance to the Clearing Corporation within specified 
timelines.  
21.29  METHOD OF SETTLEMENT  
 
Upon finalization of the basis of acceptance as per SEBI Buyback Regulations:  
i. The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the secondary market.  
ii. The Company will pay the consideration to the Company’s Broker who will transfer the funds pertaining to the 
50 
 Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank accounts as per the prescribed schedule. For Equity Shares accepted 
under the Buyback, the Clearing Corporation will make direct funds payout to respective Eligible Shareholders. If the 
Eligible Shareholders’ bank account details are not available or if the funds transfer instruction is rejected by 
RBI/bank, due to any reason, then such funds will be transferred to the concerned Seller Member’s settlement bank 
account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareholders.  
iii. For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would be given to their 
respective Selling Member’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s 
account.  
iv. In case of certain client types viz. NRI, foreign clients etc. (where there are specific RBI and other regulatory 
requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be 
given to their respective Selling Member’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the respective Eligible 
Shareholder’s account. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected from the depositories, whereas 
funds payout pertaining to the bids settled through custodians will be transferred to the settlement bank account of 
the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by NSE and the Clearing Corporation 
from time to time.  
v. The Eligible Shareholders of the Demat Shares will have to ensure that they keep the depository participant (“ DP”) 
account active and unblocked.  
vi. Details in respect of shareholder’s entitlement for tender offer process will be provided to the Clearing Corporation 
by the Company or Registrar to the Buyback. On receipt of the same, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the shareholder. On settlement date, all blocked shares 
mentioned in the accepted bid will be transferred to the Clearing Corporation.  
vii. In the case of inter depository, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted shares in target 
depository. Source depository will not be able to release the lien without a release of IDT message from target 
depository. Further, release of IDT message shall be sent by target depository either based on cancellation request 
received from Clearing Corporation or automatically generated after matching with bid accepted detail as received 
from the Company or the Registrar to the Buyback. Post receiving the IDT message from target depository, source 
Depository will cancel/release excess or unaccepted block shares in the demat account of the shareholder. Post 
completion of tendering period and receiving the requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid 
quantity, source depository shall debit the securities as per the communication/message received from target 
depository to the extent of accepted bid shares from shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Clearing 
Corporation settlement account in target depository on settlement date.  
viii. The Equity Shares bought back in dematerialized form would be transferred directly to the demat account of the 
Company opened for the Buyback (“ Company Demat Escrow Account ”) provided it is indicated by the Company’s 
Broker or it will be transferred by the Company’s Broker to the Company Demat Escrow Account on receipt of the 
Equity Shares from the clearing and settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchanges.  
ix. Eligible Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their respective Seller Member(s) for 
details of any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the 
Seller Member(s) upon the selling shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary market 
transaction). The Buyback consideration received by the Eligible Shareholders in respect of accepted Equity Shares 
could be net of such costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) and the Manager to the 
Buyback and Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and expenses (including 
brokerage) incurred solely by the Eligible Shareholders.  
x. The Eligible Shareholders of the Demat Shares will have to ensure that they keep their DP account active and 
unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Demat Shares, due to rejection or due to non –acceptance in the 
Buyback. Excess Demat Shares or unaccepted Demat Shares, if any, tendered by the Eligible Shareholder would be 
returned to them by the Clearing Corporation directly to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s DP account.  
xi. The Seller Member(s) would issue contract note and pay the consideration for the Equity Shares accepted under the 
Buyback. The Company’s Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for the Equity Shares accepted 
under the Buyback.  
xii. The Equity Shares accepted, bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat Escrow Account and the Equity 
Shares bought back and accepted in physical form will be extinguished in the manner and following the procedure 
prescribed in the Buyback Regulations.  
 
51 
 The Equity Shares accepted, bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat Escrow Account will be extinguished 
in the manner and following the procedure prescribed in the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
21.30  REJECTION CRITERIA  
 
The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders would be liable to be rejected on the following grounds:  
 
i. For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the dematerialized form : 
a) If the Shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the Record Date;  
b) If there is a name mismatch in the dematerialized account of the Shareholder and PAN; or  
c) There exists any restraint order of a court/any other competent authority for transfer/disposal/ sale or 
where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is 
under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists.  
ii. For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form:  
a) If the documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form are not received by the Registrar on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednesday, November 
26, 2025  by 5:00 pm (IST);  
b) If there is any other company’s share certificate enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share 
certificate of the Company;  
c) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the 
Eligible Shareholders;  
d) If the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not receive the physical share 
certificate;  
e) If the PAN cards (self -attested) of the shareholder and all the joint holders, are not submitted with the 
form;  
f) In the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 do not match as per the specimen signature 
recorded with Company or Registrar;  
g) If the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the Record Date;  
h) If there is a name mismatch in the share certificate of the shareholder;  
i) If the Eligible Shareholder has made a duplicate bid; or  
j) Where there exists any restraint order of a court/ any other competent authority for transfer/ disposal/ 
sale or where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity 
Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists.  
 
22. NOTE ON TAXATION  
 
Disclosures in this section are based on expert opinion sought by the Company from S A S & CO. , Chartered Accountants  
(ICAI Firm Registration No.:020025N) . 
Quote  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE INCOME -TAX CONSIDERATION IN THIS SECTION ARE BASED ON THE CURRENT PROVISIONS OF 
THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE 
INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TCHANGE OR MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, 
REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD HAVE DIFFERENT TAX 
IMPLICATIONS. IN VIEW OF THE COMPLEXITY AND THE SUBJECTIVITY INVOLVED IN THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN 
BUYBACK TRANSACTION, ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUIRED TCONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE 
APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
 
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF THIS TAX SUMMARY 
AND THERE CAN BE NLIABILITY ON THE COMPANY IF ANY ACTION IS TAKEN BY THE ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDER SOLELY 
BASED ON THIS TAX SUMMARY. THEREFORE, SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE SUMMARY 
TAX IMPLICATIONS RELATING TTHE TREATMENT OF INCOME TAX IN THE CASE OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES 
52 
 LISTED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR GUIDANCE 
PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
General:  
 
The Indian tax year runs from April 1 to March 31. The chargeability of income tax in India depends on the residential 
status of the taxpayer during the tax year:  
 
• Resident taxpayers  are liable to tax on their worldwide income, subject to certain exemptions under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (“ ITA”). 
• Non -resident taxpayers  are generally liable to tax only on income sourced in India or received in India.  
• Deemed residents  (Indian citizens not liable to tax in any other country and with total income, excluding foreign -
sourced income, exceeding INR 15,00,000) are taxed only on Indian -sourced income or income from 
businesses/professions controlled or set up in India as per section 6(1A) of ITA.  
 
For shares of a company, the source of income is determined by the situs of the shares, which, as per judicial 
precedents, is generally where the company is incorporated and where its shares can be transferred. Since the 
Company is incorporated in India, the situs of its shares is in India, and any gains from the transfer of such shares by 
non-residents are taxable in India under the ITA, subject to specific exemptions.  
 
Non -residents may avail beneficial tax treatment under the relevant Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (“ DTAA ”), as 
modified by the Multilateral Instrument (“ MLI”), if applicable, provided they satisfy conditions such as non -applicability 
of the General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”), and provide necessary documentation (e.g., Form 10F, Tax Residency 
Certificate (TRC), no Permanent Establishment (PE) declaration, PAN if available, and declaration of beneficial 
ownership) as well as satisfying the relevant conditions under the respective DTAA including anti -abuse measures under 
the MLI, if applicable.  
 
Classification of Shareholders  
Shareholders must confirm their residential status as per Section 6 of the ITA and the provisions of the relevant DTAA, if 
applicable. Shareholders are broadly classified as:  
 
1. Resident Shareholders:  
o Individuals  
o Hindu Undivided Family (HUF)  
o Association of Persons (AOP) and Body of Individuals (BOI)  
o Company  
o Firm (including Limited Liability Partnership)  
o Local authority  
o Artificial Juridical Person  
 
2. Deemed Resident Shareholders:  
o Indian citizens not liable tax in any other country, with total income (excluding foreign -sourced income) 
exceeding INR 15,00,000 during the tax year.  
 
3. Non -Resident Shareholders:  
o Non -Resident Indians (NRIs)  
o Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/ Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
o Others:  
‒ Company  
‒ Other than Company  
 
Income Tax Provisions on Buyback of Shares  
 
Buyback Transactions up to September 30, 2024  
 
For buyback transactions occurring until September 30, 2024, the tax was governed by Section 115QA of the ITA:  
53 
 • The Company undertaking the buyback was liable to pay tax at an effective rate of 23.296% (20% tax + 12% 
surcharge + 4% cess ) on the distributed income (difference between the buyback price and the issue price of the 
shares).  
• Income received by shareholders was exempt from tax under Section 10(34A) of the ITA.  
 
Provisions Effective from October 1, 2024  
 
The Finance (No. 2) Act, 2024, has introduced amendments effective from October 1, 2024, shifting the tax liability from 
the company to the shareholders (whether resident or non -resident):  
 
• Section 115QA no longer applies to buybacks occurring on or after October 1, 2024. The company is not required to 
pay tax on distributed income.  
• Under Section 2(22)(f) of the ITA, the entire amount paid by a domestic company for the buyback of its shares is 
treated as dividend income in the hands of shareholders (resident or non -resident), taxable under the head Income 
from Other Sources.  
• As per Section 57(i) of the ITA, no deductions (e.g., cost of acquisition) are allowed against this dividend income.  
• For capital gains purposes, under Section 46A of the ITA, the consideration received from the buyback is deemed to 
be nil. The cost of acquisition of the shares which have been bought back shall be treated as a capital loss in the 
hands of the shareholder. This loss can be set off against current or future eligible capital gains and carried forward 
for up to eight years as per the ITA provisions.  
 
Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”)  
 
Since the Buyback of shares shall take place through the settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchange, Securities 
Transaction Tax at 0.10% of the value of the transaction will be applicable.  
 
Tax Deduction at Source (“TDS”)  
 
Resident Shareholders  
 
• As per Section 194 read with section 2 (22) (a) to (f) of the ITA, the Company is required to deduct TDS on the 
aggregate of buyback proceeds and any dividend declared during FY: 2025 - 26 at the following  rates:  
o 10% if the shareholder provides a valid and operative PAN.  
o 20% if PAN is not provided or inoperative, as per Section 206AA of the ITA.  
• Exemption:  NTDS is deducted for resident individual shareholders if the buyback and dividend proceeds paid or 
likely to be paid during the financial year does not exceed INR 10,000. Additionally, no TDS is deducted if resident 
individuals submit:  
o Form 15G  (under Section 197A(1)) for individuals below 60 years, or  
o Form 15H  (under Section 197A(1C)) for individuals aged 60 years or more, declaring that their total income, 
including buyback proceeds, is below the taxable threshold.  
• Lower TDS Certificate:  If a shareholder provides a valid certificate under Section 197(1) of the ITA, TDS will be 
deducted at the rate specified in the certificate.  
• Adequacy of Documents:  The application of a TDS rate lower than 10% depends on the Company’s satisfaction 
with the adequacy and completeness of the documents submitted by the resident shareholder.  
 
Non -Resident Shareholders  
 
• The Company shall deduct TDS on buyback proceeds paid to non -resident shareholders at the following rates, 
unless a valid nil/lower rate deduction certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197(1) is provided:  
o 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) for non -resident shareholders who are tax residents of a Notified 
Jurisdictional Area under Section 94A(1) of the ITA.  
o 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) for other non -resident shareholders under Section 195 of the ITA.  
• DTAA Benefits:  Non -resident shareholders may opt for lower tax rates under the applicable DTAA, subject to 
providing required documents to the Company (e.g., Form 10F, TRC, no Permanent Establishment declaration, PAN 
if available, and beneficial ownership declaration) and satisfying DTAA conditions, including MLI anti abuse 
measures.  
54 
 Please note that tax will be deducted at source, as may be applicable, under the relevant provisions of Income Tax Act, 
1961, interalia, depending on the tendering shareholder’s personal status and residential status in terms of section 2 
(31) and section 6 of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Any shareholder claiming nil / lower rate of TDS should furnish valid 
residence certificate / notification / Declaration Form based on which he is seeking nil / lower deduction of TDS.  
Request for nil / lower rate of TDS will not be considered in absence of any valid document. The tendering shareholder 
may seek further advice from his tax consultant as regards his eligibility to furnish any of the above documents for 
seeking nil / lower rate of TDS.  
Please also note that tax is required to be deducted u/s. 194 @ 10 % if the aggregate dividend paid or payable to a 
resident shareholder in a financial year exceeds Rs. 10,000.  In all such cases, the company will first compute total tax 
required to be deducted u/s. 194 @ 10 % of aggregate of (a) dividend paid so far during FY: 2025 – 26 and (b) the 
amount payable under the present buyback offer. The resultant amount will be reduced by TDS already deducted 
earlier to arrive at the net TDS to be deducted while making payment against the present buyback offer.  
Caveat:  
 
The summary of the tax considerations as above is based on the current provisions of the tax laws of India which are 
subject to change or modification by subsequent Legislative, Regulatory, Administrative or Judicial decisions. The 
note sets out the provisions of law in a summary manner only and does not purport to be a complete analysis or 
listing of all potential tax consequences of the disposal of equity shares. This note is neither binding on any regulators 
nor can there be any assurance that they will not take a position contrary to the comments mentioned herein. There 
can be no liability on the Company if any action is taken by the shareholder solely based on this tax summary.  
 
In view of the specific nature of tax consequences, shareholders who are not tax residents of India are required to 
consult their tax advisors for the applicable tax and the appropriate course of action that they should take 
considering the provisions of the relevant Country or State Tax Law and provisions of DTAA where applicable.  
Unquote  
23. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
 
Declaration as required under clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations:  
 
              The Company confirms that there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits, interest payment thereon, 
redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of 
dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial 
institution or banking company.  
 
 As required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board hereby confirms that it has made 
full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed an opinion, that:  
 
i. immediately following the date of this board meeting (“ Board Meeting ”) i.e. on November 01, 2025 approving 
the buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts;  
 
ii. as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of Board Meeting, and having 
regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of the Company’s business during that year 
and to the amount and character of the financial resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the 
Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will 
not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting; and  
 
iii. in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including prospective and 
contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the Act, or the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as applicable (including prospective and contingent liabilities).  
 
This declaration is made and issued by the Board of Directors of the Company in terms of the resolution passed at the 
meeting held on November 1 , 2025 . 
55 
  
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of GHCL Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Ravi Shanker Jalan  
Managing Director  
DIN:00121260   
Sd/- 
Raman Chopra  
CFO and Executive Director – Finance  
DIN: 00954190   
 
24. REPORT BY COMPANY’S STATUTORY AUDITOR  
 
The text of the Report dated November 1, 2025 of S.R. Batliboi & CO. LLP , the Statutory Auditors of the Company, 
addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company is reproduced below : 
Quote:  
To, 
The Board of Directors  
GHCL Limited,  
GHCL House, Opp Punjabi Hall,  
Near Navrangpura Bus Stand, Navrangpura,  
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380009   
 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our service scope letter engagement letter/agreement dated 
November 01, 2025 and master engagement agreement dated July 19, 2022 and addendum to General Terms & 
Conditions (“GTC”) dated October 31, 2023 with GHCL Limited (hereinafter the “Company”).  
 
2. The proposal of the Company to buy back its equity shares in pursuance of the provisions of Section 68 and 70 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Clause (xi) of Schedule I of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -
back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“the SEBI Buyback Regulations”) has been approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on November 01, 2025. T he Company has prepared the 
attached “Statement of determination of the amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of 
equity shares” (the “Statement”) which we have initialed for identification purposes only.  
 
Board of Directors Responsibility  
 
3. The preparation of the Statement is the responsibility of the Board of Directors of the Company, including the 
preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This 
responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making 
estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
4. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and to 
form an opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and 
that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year 
from that date. The Board of Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the 
requirements Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
Auditor’s Responsibility  
 
5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide 
reasonable assurance:  
  
(i) Whether we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
56 
 (ii)  Whether the amount of permissible capital payment for the proposed buyback of the equity shares as 
included in the Statement has been properly determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 68(2) of 
the Act and relevant regulations of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
 
(iii) Whether the Board of Directors have formed the opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations on reasonable grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of 
affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from that date.  
 
6. The audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, referred to in paragraph 5(i) above, have been 
audited by us on which we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our reports dated May 08, 2025. Our audits of 
these financial statements were conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing, as specified under 
Section 143(10) of the Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  
 
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates 
for Special Purposes issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The Guidance Note requires that we 
comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.  
 
8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality 
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and 
Related Services Engagements.  
 
9. Our scope of work did not involve us performing audit tests for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the 
fairness or accuracy of any of the financial information or the financial results of the Company taken as a whole. 
We have not performed an audit, the objective of which would be the expression of an opinion on the financial 
results, specified elements, accounts or items thereof, for the purpose of this report. Accordingly, we do not 
express such opinion.  
 
10. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence on 
the applicable criteria mentioned in paragraph 5 above. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgement, including the assessment of the risks associated with the applicable criteria. Our procedures included 
the following in relation to the Statement:  
 
i) We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025. We have obtained and read the 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 including the 
unmodified audit opinions dated May 08, 2025;  
 
ii) Read the Articles of Association of the Company and noted the permissibility of buyback;  
 
iii) Traced the amounts of paid up equity share capital, securities premium, retained earnings, treasury shares 
and general reserves as mentioned in Statement from the audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
iv) Obtained the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors in which the proposed buy -back was 
approved and compared the buy -back amount with the permissible limit computed in accordance with 
Section 68(2) of the Act and relevant regulations of the SEBI Buyback Regulations detailed in the Statement;  
 
v) Obtained the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors in which the proposed buy -back was 
approved and read the Board had formed the opinion as specified in SEBI Buyback Regulations on reasonable 
grounds that the Company will not, having regard to the state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a 
period of one year from that date.  
 
vi) Obtained necessary representations from the management of the Company.  
 
57 
 Opinion  
 
11. Based on our examination as above, and the information and explanations given to us, we report that:  
 
(i) We have inquired into the state of affairs  of the Company in relation to its audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
(ii) The amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of the equity shares as included in the 
Statement has been properly determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 68(2) of the Act and 
relevant regulations of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;  
 
(iii) The Board of Directors have formed the opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations on reasonable grounds and that the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, will not be 
rendered insolvent within a period of one year from that date.   
 
Restriction on Use  
 
12. The Report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the 
requirements of Section 68 and Section 70 of the Act read with Clause (xi) of Schedule I of SEBI Buyback 
Regulations solely to enable them to include it (a) in the public announcement to be made to the Shareholders 
of the Company, (b) in the draft letter of offer and letter of offer to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India, the stock exchanges, the Registrar of Companies the National Securities Depository Limited and 
the Central Depository Securities (India) Limited, and should not be used by any other person or for any other 
purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to 
any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come. We have no responsibility to 
update this report for events and circumstances occurring after the date of this report.  
 
For S.R. Batliboi & CO. LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005  
 
Sd/- 
Sonika Loganey  
Partner  
Membership Number: 502220  
 
UDIN: 25502220BMLHZA2082  
Place of Signature: Noida, Uttar Pradesh  
Date: November 01, 2025  
 
Annexure A  
 
Statement of the amount of permissible capital payment for proposed buyback of equity shares (“the Statement”) in 
accordance with Section 68 (2) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and relevant regulations of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buy -back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI Buyback 
Regulations”), based on the audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the year ended March 31, 2025.  
 
(Rs. In crores)  
Particulars   Amount extracted from the 
latest audited standalone 
financial statements as at 
March 31, 2025  Amount extracted from the 
latest audited consolidated 
financial statements as at 
March 31, 2025  
Paid Up Equity Share Capital (9,57,54,786 
fully paid -up equity shares of Rs. 10 each)  (A) 95.75  95.75  
Free Reserves*:     
58 
 Securities premium   27.73  27.73  
Retained earnings   3,308.37  3,315.54  
General reserve   5.45  5.45  
Total Free Reserves  (B) 3,341.55  3,348.72  
Total of Paid -Up Equity Share Capital and 
Free Reserves  C=(A+B)  3,437.30  3,444.47  
Maximum Amount permissible for 
buyback under Section 68 (2) of the Act 
and relevant regulations of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations (10% of the paid -up 
equity capital and free reserves)  C * 10%  343.73  344.47  
Maximum amount permitted by Board 
Resolution dated November 01, 2025 
approving Buyback based on the audited 
accounts for the year ended March 31, 
2025.   300.00  300.00  
* Free reserves as defined in Section 2(43) of the Act read along with Explanation II provided in Section 68 of the Companies  Act, 2013, as amended.  
Note:  
The amount of paid -up equity share capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2025 have been extracted from the 
annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended March 
31, 2025.  
For and on behalf of Board of Directors of  
GHCL Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Name: Raman Chopra  
Designation: CFO, Executive Director  
Place: Noida, Uttar Pradesh  
Date: November 01, 2025  
 
Unquote  
25. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company i.e., GHCL 
House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat),  between 10.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. on any 
day, except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays, and on the website of the Company ( www.ghcl.co.in ) in accordance 
with the Buyback Regulations, Relaxation Circular and such other circulars, or notification, as may be applicable, 
during the Tendering Period:  
• Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company;  
• Copy of the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 
31, 2024 and March 31, 2023;  
• Copy of the unaudited financial statements of the Company for the quarter / period ended September 30, 2025;  
• Copy of the Annual reports of the Company for the years ended March 31, 202 5, March 31, 2024  and March 31, 
2023;  
• Copy of Resolution passed by the Board of Directors at the meeting held on  November 1, 2025 approving the 
proposal for Buyback;  
• Copy of Report dated November 1 , 2025  received from S.R. Batliboi & CO. LLP , the Statutory Auditor of the 
Company, in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations;  
  
59 
  
 
• Copy of Public Announcement for Buyback dated November 3 , 2025, published in newspapers on November 4 , 
2025 regarding Buyback;  
• Copy of Declaration of solvency and an affidavit verifying the same in Form SH -9, as prescribed under Section 
68(6) of the Companies Act;  
• Copy of Escrow Agreement dated November 1 , 2025 entered into amongst the Company, the Manager to the 
Buyback and the Escrow Agent;  
• Letter from Escrow Bank dated November 3, 2025 and November 10 , 2025 that the Escrow Account in the name 
of “ GHCL Limited – Buyback Offer – Escrow Account ” has been opened and confirming deposit of funds, 
respectively;  
• Certificate dated November 1 , 2025 of S A S & CO. , Chartered Accountants , certifying that the Company has 
made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback, in accordance with the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations; and  
• Opinion on the note on taxation, dated November 1, 2025 obtained by the Company from S A S & CO. , 
Chartered Accountants . 
 
26. DETAILS OF COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
The Company has designated the following as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback:  
Name:     Mr. Bhuwneshwar Mishra   
Designation:     Vice President - Sustainability & Company Secretary  
Address:   “GHCL HOUSE” Opp. Punjabi Hall Navrangpura Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat)  
Telephone:     +91- 0120 -4939900  
Email:     bmishra@ghcl.co.in; Secretarial@ghcl.co.in   
Website:     www.ghcl.co.in  
 
Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarifications or to address their grievances, if any, during office 
hours i.e. 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on all working days except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays till the closure of the 
Buyback, at the above -mentioned  address.  
27. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS/BENEFICIAL OWNERS  
 
a) In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (including non -receipt of the Buyback consideration, share 
certificate, demat credit, etc.), the Eligible Shareholders can approach either of the Compliance Officer, Manager 
to the Buyback, Registrar to the Buyback for redressal thereof.  
 
b) If the Company makes any default in complying with Sections 68, 69, 70 of the Companies Act including the rules 
thereunder, the Company or any officer of the Company who is in default shall be punishable with imprisonment 
for a term and its limit, or with a fine and its limit or with both in terms of the Companies Act, as applicable.  
 
c) The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:  
 
Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli at Ahmedabad  
Registrar of Companies, ROC Bhavan,  
Opp Rupal Park Society,  
Behind Ankur Bus Stop, Naranpura,  
Ahmedabad -380013, Gujarat.  
  
60 
  
28. INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE AND REGISTRAR TO BUYBACK  
 
The Company has appointed the following as the Registrar to the Buyback:  
 
 MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400 083 Maharashtra, India  
Tel. No.:  +91 8108114949   
Email:       ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com      
Investor Grievance:  ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Contact Person:  Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
SEBI Registration No. : INR000004058  
Validity Period : Permanent  Registration  
 
In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday to Friday between 
10:00 am to 5:00 pm on all working days except public holidays at the above -mentioned address.  
29. MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  
 
The Company has appointed the following as Manager to the Buyback:  
 
 
 Systematix Corporate Services Limited  
The Capital, A -Wing, 6th Floor, No. 603 -606,  
Plot No. C -70, G -Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India  
Tel. No. : +91-22-6704 8000  
Contact Person:  Jinal Sanghvi/ Mohit Ladkani  
Email:  ecm@systematixgroup.in   
Website:  www.systematixgroup.in      
SEBI Registration Number:  INM000004224  
Validity Period:  Permanent   
 
30. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  
 
In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board accepts full responsibility for all the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer and confirms that this Letter of Offer contains and will contain true, factual 
and material information and does not contain any misleading information. This Letter of Offer is issued under the 
authority of the Board and in terms of the resolution passed by the B uyback Committee  on November 17, 2025 . 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of GHCL Limited  
 
 
Sd/- 
Ravi Shanker Jalan  
Managing Director   
DIN:  00121260    
Sd/- 
Raman Chopra  
CFO & Executive Director (Finance)  
DIN:  00954190    
Sd/- 
Bhuwneshwar Mishra  
Vice President – Sustainability & 
Company Secretary Membership 
No.:  F5330  
   
Date: November 17 , 2025  
Place: Noida  
  

61 
  
 
31. TENDER FORMS  
 
31.1  Tender Form (for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form) – Annexure I  
31.2  Tender Form (for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form) – Annexure II  
31.3  Form No. SH -4 – Securities Transfer Form – Annexure III  
 
ANNEXURE I – TENDER FORM ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING DEMAT SHARES  
 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
 
Bid Number:  
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,  
The Board of Directors  
GHCL Limited  
GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall,  
Navrangpura , Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat)  BUY -BACK OPENS:  Thursday, November 20, 2025  
BUY -BACK CLOSES ON:  Wednesday, November 26, 2025   
For Registrar use  
Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
   
   
Status (please tick appropriate box)  
 Individual   FII  Insurance Co.  
 Foreign Co.   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body Corporate   Bank/ FI   Pension/ PF  
 VCF   Partnership/LLP   Others (specify)  
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
  
Resident in India    
Non-Resident in 
India   Resident 
of___________  
(Shareholder to fill 
the country of 
residence)  
Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
  
Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign 
Investment 
Scheme  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated November 1 7, 2025 to Buyback up to 41,37,931 (Forty -One Lakh Thirty -Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty -One) Equity Shares 
of GHCL Limited (the “Company”) at a price of INR 725/ - (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty -Five only) per Equity Share (the “Buyback Offer Price”) 
payable in cash  
 
1. I / We having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated  November 1 7, 2025  issued by the Company hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the 
Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable interest, charges and 
encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits / restricts in any ma nner my / our right to tender Equity Shares for 
Buyback and that I / We am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of documents and that th e consideration will be paid as per the 
Stock Exchange mechanism.  
6. I / We agree to receive, at my own risk, the invalid / unaccepted Equity Shares under the Buyback in the demat a/c from where  I / we have tendered the Equity Shares in 
the Buyback.  
7. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
8. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree 
to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, SEBI Bu yback Regulations and any other 
applicable laws.  
9. I/ We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is on me/us. I/We agree to  compute gains on this transaction and 
immediately pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax ad visors appropriately.  
10. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me/us on b uyback of shares. I/We also undertake 
to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/non -taxability of the proceeds arising on buyback of Equity Shares by the Company, copy of tax 
return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
11. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree 
to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act 2013 and  the rules made thereunder and SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws.  
12. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the Eq uity Shareholder.  
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buy -back:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(Friday, November 14, 2025 )   
Number of Equity Shared Entitled for Buy -back 
(Buy -back Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buy -back 
(Including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note : An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares vali dly tendered by any Eligible 
Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Share s tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over  and 
above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted  in accordance with in accordance with (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement)  of the  
Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such E ligible Shareholder as on the Record Date 
shall not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
 
------------------------------------------------------------ --Tear along this line ----------------------------------- ------------------------------  
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: GHCL LIMITED  BUYBACK OFFER 2025  
(To be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
 
DP ID    
Client ID   
 
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs.   
 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
 
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In 
Figures)    
(in words)   
 
Please quote Client ID No. & DP ID No. for all future correspondence   
Stamp of Broker  
 
 
14. Non-resident shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs and FIIs) are requested to enclose a consent letter indicating the details of tra nsfer i.e. number of Equity Shares to be 
transferred, the name of the investee company whose shares are being transferred i.e. “ GHCL Limited ” and the price at which the Equity Shares are being transferred 
i.e. “Price determined in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the shareholder or his/its duly appoin ted agent and in the latter case, also 
enclose the power of attorney.  
 
15. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):  
 
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is applicable)   NSDL   CSDL  
Name of the Depository Participant   
DP ID No.   
Client ID No. with the DP   
 
16. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) of the Holder      
Signature(s)*     
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder    
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   Email ID of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
*Non-individual shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority.  The relevant corporate authorisation should be enclosed with the application form 
submitted.  
17. Applicable for all Non -resident shareholders.  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback accordance with prevailing income tax law s in India. I / We also undertake 
to indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback of shares by me / us.  
• I/We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerne d authorities 
including approvals from the RBI under FEMA and any other the rules and regulations, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyba ck, and also undertake to 
comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittan ce of funds outside India.  
Instructions:  
 
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
 
1. This Offer will open on Thursday, November 20, 2025 and close on  Wednesday, November 26, 2025 . 
2. This Tender form has to  be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this T ender Form.  
3. Shareholders who desire to tender their equity shares in the dematerialized form under the Buyback would have to do so throug h their respective Shareholder’s Broker 
by indicating the details of equity shares they intend to tender under the Buyback.  Further details, please see the procedure as specified in the section entitled 
“Procedure for Tender Offer and Settlement” on paragraph 21 of the Letter of Offer.  
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process of getting the successor 
company as the registered shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy of the following documents:  
i. Approval from the appropriate authority for such merger;  
ii. The scheme of merger; and  
iii. The requisite form filed with MCA intimating the merger.  
5. The Buyback shall be rejected for demat shareholders in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents but non-receipt of Shares in the special 
account of the Clearing Corporation or a non -receipt of valid bid in the exchange bidding system.  
6. The Equity Shares tendered in the Offer shall be rejected if (i) the Equity Shareholder is not a Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the Record Date; or (ii) in the 
event of non -receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents from the Eligible Shareholders who were holding shares in physical f orm as on the Record 
Date and have placed their bid in demat form; or (iii) if there is a name mismatch in the demat account of t he Eligible Shareholder and PAN. The Shareholders will 
have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to  rejection or due to prorated Buyback as 
may be decided by the Company / Registrar to the Buyback, in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
7. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Offer is made are free to tender shares to the extent of their entitlement in whole or in p art or in excess of their entitlement but  not 
exceeding their holding as on Record Date.  
8. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders  / custodians  will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this 
regard.  
9. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback the NR and NRI shareholders give the Company the authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all 
applications to file regulatory reporting, if required, including FC -TRS form, if necessary and undertake to provide assistance to the Company for such regulatory 
reporting, if required by the Company.  
10. For the procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, please refer to paragra ph 21 of the Letter of Offer  
11. In the event of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer by an Eligible Shareholder, the Eligible Shareholder holding Equity Shares may participate in the Buyback by 
providing their application in writing on plain paper signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating  name and address of Eligible Shareholder(s), 
number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP Name/ID, beneficiary account number, number of Equit y Shares tendered for the Buyback.  
12. For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form, the Tender Form and TRS are not required to be submitted t o the Company, Manager or 
the Registrar. After the receipt of the demat Equity Shares by the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange biddi ng system, the Buyback shall be 
deemed to have been accepted for the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form.  
 
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
 
---------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TOTHE BUYBACK 
AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre:  
GHCL LIMITED BUYBACK OFFER 2025  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400 083 Maharashtra, India  
Tel No.:  +91 8108114949: Website:  www.in.mpms.mufg.com     
Email:  ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Investor Grievance E -mail:.  ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Contact Person:  Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
SEBI Registration No.:  INR000004058  
 
 
ANNEXURE II – TENDER FORM FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING PHYSICAL SHARES  
 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
 
Bid Number:  
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,  
The Board of Directors  
GHCL Limited  
GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall,  
Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380009 (Gujarat)  BUY -BACK OPENS:  Thursday, November 20, 2025  
BUY -BACK CLOSES ON:  Wednesday, November 26, 2025  
For Registrar use  
Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
   
   
Status (please tick appropriate box)  
 Individual   FII  Insurance Co.  
 Foreign Co.   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body Corporate   Bank/ FI   Pension/ PF  
 VCF   Partnership/LLP   Others (specify)  
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
  
Resident in India    
Non-Resident in 
India   Resident 
of___________  
(Shareholder to fill 
the country of 
residence)  
Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
  
Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign 
Investment 
Scheme  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated November 1 7, 2025  to Buyback up to 41,37,931 (Forty -One Lakh Thirty -Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty -One)  Equity Shares 
of GHCL Limited (the “Company”) at a price of INR 725/- (Indian Rupees Seven Hundred and Twenty -Five only  ) per Equity Share (the “Buyback Offer Price”) 
payable in cash  
 
1. I / We having read and understood the Letter of Offer  dated  November 1 7, 2025  issued by the Company hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the 
Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable interest, charges and 
encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits / restricts in any ma nner my / our right to tender Equity Shares for 
Buyback and that I / We am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Shareholder Broker as per secondary ma rket mechanism.  
6. I/ We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buy -back is on me / us. I / We agree to compute gains on this transaction and 
immediately pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax ad visors appropriately.  
7. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on  buyback of shares. I / We also 
undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxability of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the Company, copy of 
tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
8. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of documents and that th e consideration will be paid as per the 
Stock Exchange mechanism.  
9. I / We authorize the Company to split the Share Certificate and issue new consolidated Share Certificate for the unaccepted E quity shares in case the Equity Shares 
accepted by the Company are less than the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback  
10. I / We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback where loss of share certificates has  been notified to the Company.  
11. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
12. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree 
to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, SEBI Bu yback Regulations and any other 
applicable laws.  
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buy -back:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(Friday, November  14, 2025 )   
Number of Equity Shared Entitled for Buy -back  (Buy -
back Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buy -back 
(Including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note : An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares validl y tendered by any Eligible 
Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Share s tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and 
above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted  in accordance with Paragraph 21 of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any 
Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall  not be considered for the purpose of 
Acceptance.  
-------------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line -----------------------------------------------------------------  
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: GHCL LIMITED BUYBACK  OFFER 2025  
(To be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
 
Folio No.   
 
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs.   
 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
 
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In 
Figures)    
(in words)   
 
Please quote Folio No. for all future correspondence   
Stamp of Broker  
 
14. Non-resident shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs and FIIs) are requested to enclose a consent letter indicating the details of tra nsfer i.e. number of Equity Shares to be transferred, 
the name of the investee company whose shares are being transferred i.e. “GHCL Limited ”  and the price at which the Equity Shares are being transferred i.e. “Price determined 
in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the shareholder or his/its duly appointed agent and in the la tter case, also enclose the power of attorney.  
 
15. Details of Share Certificates enclosed: _ _____________________ Total no. of Share Certificates submitted___________  
 
Sr. No.  Folio No.  Share Certificate No.  Distinctive Nos.  No. of Equity Shares  From  To 
1      
2      
Total   
In case the number of folios and share certificates exceed four nos., please attach a separate sheet giving details in the sa me format as above.  
 
16. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):  
 
Name of the Bank  Branch and City  IFSC and MICR Code  Account Number (indicate type of account)  
    
 
17. Details of other Documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:  
 
 Power of Attorney   Corporate Authorization  
 Succession Certificate    Death Certificate  
 Self-attested copy of Permanent Account Number (PAN Card)   TRS  
 Previous RBI approvals for acquiring the Equity Shares of Technocraft 
Industries (India)  Limited hereby tendered in the Buyback    Others (please specify)  
 
18. Equity Shareholders Details:  
 
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) of the Holder      
Signature(s)*     
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder    
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   Email ID of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
* Non-individual shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority . The relevant corporate authorisation should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
19. Applicable for all Non -resident shareholders.  
 
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback accordance with prevailing income tax law s in India. I / We also undertake to 
indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback of shares by me / us.  
• I/We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerne d authorities including 
approvals from the RBI under FEMA and any other the rules and regulations, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and al so undertake to comply with the reporting 
requirements, if applicable, and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.  
Instructions:  
 
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
 
1. This Offer will open on Thursday, November 20, 2025 and close on Wednesday, November 26, 2025 . 
2. This Tender form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
3. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this Buyback should submit the following document s to their Shareholder Broker. The Eligible 
Shareholders / Shareholder Broker in turn would deliver the said documents along with the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS)  to the Registrar; the documents should be sent to 
the Registrar only after the placement of a valid bid; non -submission of the below mention ed documents by 5:00 p.m. on  November 26 , 2025  directly to the Registrar shall result in 
the rejection of the tendered Equity Shares: (i) the Tender Form duly signed (by all Equity Shareholders in case shares are i n joint names) in the same order in which they hold the 
Equity Shares; (ii) original share certificates; (iii) valid share transfer form(s) (Form SH -4) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e. by all registered Shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Company/Registrar) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place a uthorizing the transfer in favor of the Company; (iv) 
self-attested copy of the Shareholder's PAN Card; (v) any other relevant documents such as (but not limited to (a) duly attested P ower of Attorney if any person other than the 
Equity Shareholder has signed the relevant Tender Form; (b) notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or  probated will, as applicable, if the original 
Shareholder has deceased; and (c) necessary corporate authorisations, such as board resolutions etc., in case of companies); (vi) In addition to the above, if the address of the 
Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the Register of Members of the Company, the Shareholder wou ld be required to submit a self -attested copy of 
address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport.  
4. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the offer by providing their a pplication in plain paper in writing signed 
by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, E quity Share certificate number, number of Equity 
Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy  of Eligible Shareholder’s PAN card(s) and executed 
share transfer form in favour of the Company. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite documents, reach the Registrar to the 
Buyback on or before Wednesday, November 26 , 2025  by 5:00 p.m along  with the documents mentioned in the Tender Form.  
5. For procedure followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering shares in the buyback, please refer to Paragraph  21 of the Letter of Offer.  
6. Eligible Shareholders should also provide all relevant documents in addition to the above documents, which include but are no t limited to: (i) Duly attested power of attorney 
registered with the Registrar & transfer Agent of the Company, if any person other than the Eligible Seller has signed the re levant Tender Form; (ii) Duly attested death certificate / 
succession certificate in case any Eligible Seller is deceased; and (iii) Necessary corporate authorizations, such as Board R esolutions etc., in case of companies.  
7. All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form otherwise the shares will be liable for rejecti on. The shares shall be liable for rejection on the 
following grounds amongst others: (a)  If any other company share certificates are enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share certificate of the Company; (b ) non  
submission of Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate / probated/Will, as applicable in case any Eligi ble Shareholder has deceased; (c) if the Eligible 
Shareholder(s) tender the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not receive the share certificate; (d) in case the signature o n the Tender Form and Form SH -4 doesn’t match as per 
the specimen signature recorded with Company / Registrar; (e) if necessary corporate authorizations under official stamp are not accompanied with tender form; (f) if the 
transmission of the Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders; o r (g) the Form SH -4 is not witnessed.  
8. All documents sent by the seller member/ custodian will be at their own risk and the seller member/ custodian is advised to a dequately safeguard their interests in this regard. For 
the procedure to be followed by Equity Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback Offer, please refer to (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer .  
9. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback the Non -Resident Shareholders give the Company the authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all 
applications to file regulatory reporting , if required, including FC -TRS form, if necessary and undertake to provide assistance to the Company for such regulatory reporting, if 
required by the Company.  
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed  to them in the Letter of Offer.  
---------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO  THE BUYBACK AT THE 
FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre:  
GHCL LIMITED  BUYBACK  OFFER 2025  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg,  Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400 083  Maharashtra, India  
Tel No.:  +91 8108114949 : Website : www. in.mpms.mufg.com    
Email:  ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com ;  
Investor Grievance E-mail: . ghcl.buyback2025@in.mpms.mufg.com   
Contact Person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
SEBI Registration No.:  INR000004058  
Form No. SH -4 Securities Transfer Form  
Pursuant to section 56 of the Companies act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of rule 11 of the  
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 2014  
 
 
Date of execution     ____/____ 2025 
 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named  
the securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s)  and 
the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN: L24100GJ1983PLC006513  
Name of the company (in full):  GHCL Limited  
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is listed, if any:  National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE  
Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES:  
 
Kind/Class of securities  
(1) Nominal value of each  
unit of security (2)  Amount called up per unit  
of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit 
of security (4)  
Equity Shares  INR 10/- INR 10/- INR 10/- 
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration Received (Rs)  
In figures  In words  In words  In figures  
    
 
Distinctive Number  From      
 To     
Corresponding Certificate Nos:      
 
TRANSFEROR’ S PARTICULARS  
 
Registered Folio Number   
 
Name(s) in full  and Pan No.  
 Seller Signature (s)  
1.   
 
 
2. 
  
3. 
  
I, hereby confirm that the Transferor has signed before me.  
 
 Witness  
Signature  
Name and Address of Witness  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRANSFEREE’ S PARTICULARS  
 
Name in full (1)  Father’s/ Mother’s / Spouse Name 
(2) Address & E -mail id (3)  
GHCL Limited  N.A.  Address:  GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi 
Hall, Navrangpura,  Ahmedabad – 
380009 (Gujarat ) 
 
E-mail: secretarial@ghcl.co.in  
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business    
 
Folio No. of Transferee: ________________  
 
Specimen Signature of Transferee  
 
1. _________________________ ____  
 
2. __________________ ___________  
 
3. _____________________________  
 
Value of stamp affixed:  ____________  (Rs.)  
 
Enclosures:  
 
(1) Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
(2) If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment.  
(3) Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
(4) Other, Specify…………………….  
 
Stamps:  
 
 
 
 
Declaration:  
• Transferee is not required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -Debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares;  
Or 
• Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -Debt Instruments) 
Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed herewith.  
 
For office use only  
 
Checked by_____________________  
 
Signature tallies by ____________________________  
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on _________________vide Transfer No._______________  
 
Approval Date___________  
 
Power of attorney/Probate/Death Certificate/Letter of administration  
 
Registered on _________________________________________at  
 
No._______________  
 
 