Godrej Properties Ltd. 
Godrej One, 5th Floor,  
Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai- 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 August 10, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Ref: Godrej Properties Limited 
BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP 
BSE - Security Code – 974951, 975090, 975091, 975856, 975857, 976000 - Debt Segment 
NSE - Symbol - GODREJPROP 
Sub.:  Effective date in respect of  Scheme of Amalgamation of Embellish Houses Private Limited 
(‘EHPL’ or ‘the Transferor Company’) with Godrej Properties Limited (‘GPL’ or ‘the 
Transferee Company’) and their respective shareholders (‘Scheme’) under Sections 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to 
time), we hereby inform the Exchange(s) that further to the announcement made by the Company on 
July 9, 2026 regarding receipt of the online copy of the order of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (“Hon’ble NCLT”), dated July 8, 2026, sanctioning the Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Embellish Houses Private Limited (‘EHPL’ or ‘the Transferor Company’) with 
Godrej Properties Limited (‘GPL’ or ‘the Transferee Company’) and their respective shareholders 
(‘Scheme’) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016,  the certified copy of 
the said order received on August 07, 2026, was taken on record. The Copy of the said order is available 
on website of the Company at  https://www.godrejproperties.com/ . Further, the Scheme is made 
effective on August 10, 2026 by filing the same with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. The Appointed 
Date is November 01, 2025. 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
Thanking you,  
Yours Faithfully, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above. 
ffiIN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, MUMBA!
couRT-lv
cP(cAA)-2slMB/2026
c/w CA(CAA)-268/M8/2025
ln the matter of
Seclions 230 to 232 ot the Companies Act, 2013
and
ln the matter of
Scheme of Amalgamation of
Embellish Houses Private Limited
[ClN: U68 1 00MH2025PTC460029]
wrth
Godrej Properties Limited
[ClN : 1741 20MH1 985P1C035308]
CORAM:
SHRI ANIL RA' CHELLAN
HON'BLE MEMBER (TECHNICAL)
Appearance
For the Applicants
For Regional Director... Applicant Company-1/
Transferor Company
.. Applicant Company-2/
Transferee Company
Pronounced: 08.07.2026
SHRI K.R. SAJI KUMAR
HON'BLE MEMBER (JUDICIAL)
Hybrid
Adv. Hemant Sethi a/w Adv. Tanaya Sethi
Mr. Bhagwati Prasad, Assistant Director,
O/o RD(WR), MCA.
ORDER
The sanction of this Tribunal is sought under Sections 230 to 232 ot the
Companies Act, 2013, to the Scheme of Amalgamation of Embellish Houses
Private Limited (Transferor Company/First Applicant Company) with Godrej
Properties Limited (Transferee Company/Second Applicant Company) and their
respective shareholders.
2Heard the Ld. Counsel for the Applicant Companies and the Rep
the Regional Director (WR), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Mumba
any objector come before this Tribunal to oppose the Scheme nor&
S
b.Ivnf(6
NABE!resen1
d;dtu/a
'ffi#IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAAy2stMBt2026
c/w CA(CAA/268/MB/2025
controverted any averments made in the Application.
The Applicant companies stated that the Board of Directors of the Applic€nt
Companies in their respective meetings held on 06.11.2025, have approved the
Scheme. The relevant board resolutions are part of the Application'
The Ld. counsel submitted that the present company Application has been filed
in consonance with the order dated 05.02.2026, passed by this Tribunal in the
connected Company Scheme Application bearing No. C.A.(CAA/268/M812025'
The meetings of the respective Equity shareholders and creditors of both the
Applicant Companies were dispensed with vlde order dated O5.02'2026 in
C.A. (CAA/268/MBl 2025 of this Tribunal.
The Ld. Counsel submitted that the Applicant Companies have complied with all
requirements as per the directions of this Tribunal, and they have filed necessary
Affidavits of compliance with this Tribunal. Moreover, the Applicant Companies
undertake to comply with all statutory requirements, if any, as may be required
under the Companies Act, 2013, and the Rules made thereunder.
The Ld. Counsel submitted that the equity shares of the Transferee Company are
listed on Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange
of lndia Limited (NSE).
8. Nature of Business
The Applicant Companies submitted that the Applicant Companies are engaged
in the business of real estate development and other related activities.
9. Rationale
The Applicant Companies further submitted that the rational of the Scheme of
Amalgamation is as under:
"The Transferee Company is a we
bus,ness of real estate development.ll-established compan3
4
5
6
7
5
nEdi(6
BT1S
w'At$
.O
Page 2 of 14d in the
I
ffi#IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAAlt25tMBl2026
c/w CA(CAA)/268/MB/2025
The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company
would have the following benefits:
aa
aConsolidation of real estate bus,ness. There are several commonalities and
synergistic linkages, and the consolidation of real estate busrness will result in
ope ration al effi ciency;
Ensuring a streamlined group structure by reducing the number of legal entities
in the group and reducing the multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances
required;
Pooling of the technical resources, personnel, capabilities, skills and expeftise
leading to optimum use of infrastructure, cost reduction and efficiencies,
reduction of administrative and operational costs;
Administrative and operational convenience, elimination of duplication of
communication and coordination effotis:
Rationalizing cosrs by eliminating multiple record keeping and administrative
functions; and
Reducing time and efforts for consolidation of financials at the group level."
10. Swap Ratio
The Ld. Counsel for the Applicant Companies submitted that
"As the Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee
Company, no shares of the Transferee Company shall be allotted towards
discharge of consideration or in lieu or exchange of the equity shareholding in the
Transferor Company. Upon the coming into effect of th,s Scheme, the share
certificates, if any, and/or the shares in electronic form representing the shares in
the Transferor Company shall be deemed to be cancelled without any fufther act
or deed for cancellation thereof and shall cease to be in existence accordingly-"
11. The Regional Director (WR), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Mumbai, has filed the
Report dated 29.04.2026 with certain observations. The observations of the
Regional Director and the response submitted by the Applicant Companies are
summarised in the table below:
Undertaking of the Petitioner
Companies/Rejoinder==-Observation
Directorby the Regional Para
t9
/a
-frc
AEPage 3 of 14exII
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAAll25lMBl2O26
c/w CA(CAA/268/MB/2025ffi
1t'&
lrI$?No inquiry, tollow-uP inqu
inspection, follow-uq insPection,
investigation, follow-uP
investigation, Prosecution, or
complaint is Pending against the
Petitione r Companie s. Fu iher, with
respect to the Transferee
Company, the comqlaint beaing
SRN No. J00036911 on the MCA
VW3 poftal has akeadY been
closed. Additionally, the complaint
filed by Anil Kumar Poddar bearing
SRN No. 100057751 on the MCA
V2N3 podal on the Transferee
Company does not Peftain to the
present Scheme. The Transferee
Company respectfullY submit that
the Transferee Company shall
continue to remain in existence
post the approval of the Scheme
and the complainant shall continue
to have his rights of redressal, if
any, against the Transferee
Company in the appropiate forum
and hence, the rights of the
complainant will not be jeopardized
pursuant to the Scheme.iry,2(a)That the observations of the Centra
Government on the scheme are
submitted as under:
That on examination of the repoft of the
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai dated
22.04.2026 for Petitioner Companies
(Annexed as Annexure A-1) that the
Petitioner Companies fall within the
jurisdiction of ROC, Mumbai. Il ls sfated rn
the ROC Mumbai Repoft at Para no. 23
and 26 that as per record available and
maintained by the office of Registrar no
such inquiry or inquiry follow uP or
inspection follow up or investigation
follow-up, prosecution, complaint was
found to be pending against Petitioner
Companies.
Fuflher, ROC, Mumbai stated in para no.
25 that as per the Records maintained by
complaint cell of this Office, no Complaint
has been received / pending against the
Transferor Company. However, with
respect Transferee Company (Godrei
Propedies Limited) following complaints
were received:
, SRN No. J00036911 on MCA V2N3
poftal, has been closed.
ii) Further with respect to Complaint
received from Anil Kumar Poddar
havrng SRN No. 100057751 on MCA
V2W3 poftal, the Company vide its
(-eg
Page 4 of 14I
!ir-;isq.J
t
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C.IV
cP(cMy25tMBt2026
dw CA(CAA)/268/MB/202s
ffiE
letter dated 12-03.2021 stated that,
they have provided requisite
documents to Complainant.
Complaints as such do not peftain to
the Scheme.
Further, Petitioner Transferee Company
have filed Financial Statements up to
31 .03.2025 and the Petitioner Transferor
Company was incorporated on
31.10.2025.
The Repoft of the Registrar of
Companies records the fact that the
Transferor Company was
incorporated on 31st October 2025.
So far as the interests of the
creditors and employees are
concerned, the Petitioner
Companies submit that there is no
compromise or arrangement with
creditors under the Scheme; rights
and claims of all creditors remain
unaffected and will continue to be
protected in the ordinary course of
bus,ness under the Scheme and
applicable law. The Scheme a/so
does not provide any compromise
or arrangement with employees; All
employees of the Transferor
Company will be transferred to the
Transferee Compa
break in seruice onny a2(b)The ROC, Mumbai has fufther submitted
that in its repon dated 22.04.2026 which
are as under:-
i.EMBELLISH HOUSES PRIVATE
LIMITED,
(C I N : U 1 1 68 1 00 MH 2025PTC460029)
incorporated on 31st October 2025
upon conversion of Embellish Houses
LLP, under the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013.
ii-lnterest of the creditors & Employees
should be protected.
iii.May be decided on its ments.
lri.,.rr
Yr11,lliti.,'
vf,S(,
E8Page 5 of 14
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cA4'l,lzstMBt2026
c/w CA(CAAY268/MB/2025ffifavourable than those on w
they are engaged bY the Transferor
Company. Further, the interests of
employees are adequately
protected under the Scheme and
applicable law.'hich
Scheme does not Provide for the
cotmbination of the authorised
share capital of the Transferor
Company upon the Scheme
becoming effective. AccordinglY,
the question of the Transferee
Company paying the difference of
fees and stamp duty does not arise.Transferee Company should undertake to
comply with the provisions of section
232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013
through appropriate affirmation in respect
of fees payable by Transferee Company
for increase of share capital on account of
merger of transfer of comPanies.2(c)
The Transferee ComPanY
undertakes that it shall Pass such
accounting enlnes as maY be
necessary in connection with the
Scheme to comply with all the
applicable lndian Accounting
Standards (lnd-As), including lnd
AS 103 and AS 14 or AS-5 and IND
AS-8.2(d)tn compliance with Accounting Standard-
14 or IND-AS 103, as may be applicable,
the resultant company shall pass on such
accounting entries which are necessary in
connection with the scheme to comply
with other applicable Accounting
Standards including AS-5 or /ND AS-8
etc.
The Petitioner ComPanies
undeftake that the Scheme
enclosed with the ComPany
Application and the ComPanY
Petition are one and the same and
that there is no discrepancy or
change made.z(elThe Hon'ble Tibunal may kindly directthe
Petitioner Companies to ftle an affidavit to
the extent that the Scheme enclosed with
the Company Application and Company
Petition are one and same and there is no
discrepancy, or no change is made.
Page 6 of 14'll:,ih-
iBtI
!
{rfft6
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C.IV
cP(cAA)t25tMBt2026
c/w CA(CAAy268/M B/2025ffi
ln compliance with the provisions of
Section 230(5) of the Companies
Act, 2013, notices of the proposed
Scheme have been duly served
upon all concerned statutory and
regulatory authorities as directed
by the Hon'ble Tibunal and as may
be applicable to the Petitioner
Companies.2(r\The Petitioner Companies under
provisions of section 230(5) of the
Companies Act 2013 have to serve
notices to concerned authorities which
are likely to be affected by the
Amalgamation or affangement. Further,
the approval ofthe scheme by the Hon'ble
Tibunal may not deter such authoities
from dealing with any of the issues anslng
after giving effect to the scheme. The
decision of such authoities shall be
binding on the petitioner companies
concerned.
They are in compliance with the
directions of the concemed sectoral
Regulator.2(s)The Transferor company and Transferee
company shall undeftake to comply with
the directions of the concerned sectoral
Regulatory, if so required.
The Appointed date i.e. 07sf
November 2025 has been clearly
indicated in the Scheme in
accordance with the provisions of
Section 232(6) of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Scheme shall
become effective from the
Appointed Date and shall be
operative from the Effective Date.
Fufther, the Petitioner Companies
undertakes that tha aforesaid
Appointed Date complies with the
requirements as spe
Ministry of Corp2(h)As per Definition of the appointed date in
the Scheme,
'Appointed Date' means the 1st
November,2025
'Effective Date' or'coming into effect
of this Scheme' or'upon the scheme
becoming effective' or'effectiveness
of the scheme' means the last of the
date or dates on which all the conditions
and matters referred to in Clause 16 are
fuffilled, obtained or waived off and the
certified copy of the order of the National
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench
nus6
EB!
.t
Page 7 of 14
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAA)/25lMB/2026
dw CA(CAA)/268/MB/2025ffi
F.No.7/122019/CL - I ('Circulaf)
dated August 21, 2019.(MCA) Circularsanctioning this Scheme o
amalgamation is filed by the Transferor
Company and the Transferee Company
with the Register of ComPanies,
Mumbai;
It is submitted that the Petitioners may
be asked to comPlY with the
requirements with regard to the
Appointment Dale as claified vide
circular no. F. No. 7/12/2019/CL-l dated
21 .08.2019 issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs.f
They shall comply with the
directions of the lncome Tax
Department and GST Authorities in
accordance with the Provisions of
the lncome Tax Law and the Goods
and Services Tax Law. Furiher, the
Petitioner Companies state that the
tax implications, if any, arising out
of the Scheme shall be dealt with in
accordance with the provisions of
the lncome Tax Law and the Goods
and Services Tax Law.All Petitioner Companies shall undertake
to comply with the directions of the
lncome Tax Depadment and the GST
Authorities, if any.2(i)
The Transferee Company has filed
scheme with the Stock Exchanges
for disclosure purposes and the
same has been annexed as
'Annexure - 81 and 82' to the rePlY
Affidavit.2$)Since, the Transferor Company is wholly
own subsidiary of Transferee Petitioner
Company, however the Scheme must be
filed with Stock Exchange for disclosure
purposes.
3,
Page t of 14
ntdqo
48E
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAAy25tMBt2026
c/w CA(CAA)/268/M B/2025ffiThe Transferor Company has
never issued shares at a premium.
Further, so far as the Transferee
Coinpany is concerned, it has filed
Form-Z PAS-3 on the issue of
shares at a premium; the available
forms have been annexed as
'Annexure - C'to the reply Affidavit.
Further, the sald Secunties
Premium has been appropiately
considered and disclosed in the
duly Audited Financial Sfatements
and lncome Tax Returns filed for
the relevant Assessmenf Years as
required under the lncome Tax Act,
1961 and rules made thereunder
and in compliance with all relevant
laws. Furthermore, the Transferee
Company submlls that so far
neither any assessmenl
proceedings under section 68 of
the lncome Tax Act, 1961 were
initiated nor there has been any
dispute in rclation to the same nor
any adverse orders under section
68 of the lncome Tax Act, 1961
have been passed against the
Transferee Company for the years
in which shares were issued af
premium. The
Company submifs2(k),t ,s obserued from the financial
stalemenfs of the Petitioner Companies
as on 31 .03.2025 that the Petitioner
Companies issued shares at Security
Premium and collected total premium as
follows:
Sr.
NoName of the
CompanyTotal
Amount of
Securltles
Premium
collected
1Godrej
Propefties
LimitedRs.14,355.5
2 Crores
Petitioner Companies shall clarify
regarding filling of Form-Z PAS-3 with
regard to issue of shares on premium as
complete Form-2/PAS-3 are not available
on MCA21 Portal and also comply with
section 68 of lncome Tax Act, 1961 if any
notice/ demand issued by the lncome tax
Department. And, if it deems fit,
comments of Chief Pincipal
Commissioner of lncome Tax
Depaftment, Mumbai may be obtained by
the Hon'ble NCLT Bench before deciding
the matter on merit of the case.
lii-!aet
qtq6
EBa
-t-I
Page 9 of 14
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAA\t25lMBl?026
c/w CA(CAA)/268/MB/2025 'ffi
continue to remain in existence and
it undeftakes to comqlv with
Section 68 of the lncome Tax Act
1961, as may be aPPlicable, and if
any notice / demand will be issued
by the lncome Tax DePaiment and
the tax implications, if any, aising
out of the same shall be dealt in
accordance with the Provisions of
lncome Tax Law. The Petitioner
Companies submit that the right of
the tax authorities to initiate or
continue approPiate tax
proceedings shall not be affected in
view of the sanction of the Scheme
and that all tax proceedings will be
dealt with in accordance with law.
It has filed Form BEN-2 and
comply with Sectlon 90 of
Companies Act, 2013 r/w
Companies (Significant Beneficial
Owners) Amendment same has
been annexed as'Annexure - D'to
the reply Affidavit.
z--2(t)As per shareholding pattem mentioned at
financial statement as on 31 .03.2025
submitted by the Petitioner companies,
details of shareholcling of body corporates
are having more than 10% shareholding
as fol/ows: -
100% 1Name
of
Shareh
older%of
share
s heldSr.
No
No
Form
BEN-2
hasGodrej
Propeft
les Ltd.Remar
kPetitione
r
Compan
v
Embellis
h
Houses
Pvt. Ltd.
lt$
5
q{€(e,
ABEPage l0 of 14
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C.IV
cP(cAAy25tMBt2026
c/\r/ CA(CAAY268/MB/2025
No Form BEN-2 has been filed by any of
the Petitioner Companies as per records
available at MCA21 Poftal, hence
Petitioner Companies shall undeftake to
comply with the provisions of section 90
of Companies Act, 2013 r/w. Companies
(Significant Beneficial Owners)
Amendment.2 44.77
o//oGodrej
lndustr
les Ltd.(Transfe
ror
Compan
v)
Godrej
Propefties Ltd.
(Transfe
ree
Compan
v)any of
the
Petitio
nerbeen
filed b
MCA2
1
PoftalComp
nies a
per
record
s
availa
le at
The Second Petitioner Company
submits that the observation of the
Regional Director is a statement of
fact. The Second Petitioner
Company is incorporated on 37sl
October 2025 upon conversion of
Embellish Houses LLP, under the
provisions of the Companies Act,
2013, and it has submitted its
unaudited Provision2(m)EMBELLISH HOUSES PRIVATE
L|M|TED, (CtN:
u 6 8 1 0o M H 202 5P T C 4 60 029 )
incorporated on 31st October 2025 upon
convercion of Embellish Houses LLP,
under the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013. As per Statement of Profrt and
Loss accounf of Embellish Houses LLP
for the year ended March, 31, 2025
accumulated Losses of Rs. 2479.94
.ei.fff,:.:#9
*{BO
algPage 1l of 14
ffiIN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C.IV
cP(cu)l25tMBt2026
c/w CA(CAAY268/MB/2025
12,TheRepresentativeoftheRegiona|Director(WR),Mumbai,appearedandstated
that the explanations and undertakings given by the Applicant Company are
found satisfactory and that the Regional Director has no objections to the
approval of the scheme.
13. The official Liquidator has filed the report dated 08.M.2026, stating that the
affairsoftheTransferorCompanyhavenotbeenconductedinamanner
prejudicial to the public interest or the interest of its creditors'
,14. The lncome Tax Department, in its letter dated 15.04.2026, stated that they have
no objection to the approval of the scheme of Amalgamation of the Applicant
Company provided the interest of the lncometax department is protected'
.15. From the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and reasonable and
is not in violation of any provisions of law and is not contrary to public policy.
Moreover, no objection has been received so far from any authority, creditors,
members, or other stakeholders.
16. Since all the requisite statutory compliances have been fulfilled, the Company
Petition bearing C.P.(CAAy25/MB/2026 filed by the Applicant Company is
allowed, and the Scheme is made absolute in terms of the prayer clauses of the
said Company Scheme Petition.
17. ln view of the above, the Scheme of Amalgamation is hereb
the appointed date fixed as 01.11.2025.Sheet as on 31.10.
comptiance with section 232(2)(e)
of the Companies Act, 2013.2025 inLakhs. However, the Petitioner
Company has given unaudited
Provisional Balance Sheet as on
31.10.2025 in compliance of section
232(2)(e) of Companies Act, 2013 and
aftached as Annexure -A-3 of the
Company Petition.Transferor
Page 12 of 14with
ffiEIN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAA)l25tMBl2026
c/w CA(CM)/268/MB/2025
17.1 lt shall be binding on the Applicant Companies involved in the Scheme and all
concerned, including their respective Shareholders, Secured and Unsecured
Creditors i Trade Creditors and Employees.
17.2 The Applicant Company is directed to file a certified copy of this Order, along with
a copy of the Scheme of Amalgamation, with the concemed Registrar of
Companies, elechonically, along with e-Form INC-28, in addition to a physical
copy, within 30 days from the date of receipt of the order, duly certified by the
Designated Registrar of this Tribunal.
17.3 The Applicant Company to submit a certified copy of this Order and the Scheme
duly authenticated by the Designated Registrar of this Tribunal, with the
concerned Superintendent of Stamps, for the purpose of adjudication of stamp
duty payable, if any, on the same within 60 days from the date of receipt of the
certified copy of the order.
17.4 The Applicant Company shall comply with all the undertakings given by it.
17.5 The Applicant Company shall take all consequential and statutory steps required
under the provisions of the Act in pursuance of the Scheme.
17.6 On the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand
dissolved without being wound up.
'18 The lncome Tax Department will be at liberty to examine the aspect of any tax
payable as a result of this scheme. lf it is found that the scheme ultimately results
in tax avoidance under the provisions of the lncometax Act, 196'l , it shall be open
to the income tax authorities to take such necessary action as may be possible
under the lncome Tax Law.
19 Liberty is granted to all authorities to initiate or continue the proceedings for any
violation of law, notwithstanding the sanctioning of the Scheme.
20 All concemed regulatory authorities to act on a copy of this Orde
by the Registry of this Tdbunal, along with a copy of the Schem
rt
i\sPage 13 of 14!
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH: C-IV
cP(cAAy25lMBl2026
c/w CA(CAA)/268/M8/2025
2lAnypersoninterestedShallbeatlibertytoapplytothisTribunalintheabove
matters for any directions that may be necessary'
22 Accordingly, C.P'(CAAy25/MB/2026 c/w CA(CAA/268/M8'2025 is allowed and
disposed of. File to be consigned to records'
sd/-
ANIL RA.l CHELLAN
MEMBER (TECHNICAL)
/pvs
NATI!: i I l, CfiIi p..l,.i I LArt, I RIttUNALsdh
K. R. SAJI KUMAR
MEMBER (JUDICIAL)
t lI11
!( i,t U r.,t I;,1: n[,\tCH Ictit'l'lt;,t.J I() t::t'! :IJlj (-opv
r)lr Til:. r;:. :., i.,:,. :
i;r.rr* 1.,, :.... D: .31.18r.ir,,,,r /\,. j,,,. . 3,!.J? I ,iiit "'
r,.,:,.r.,,,,i r, .., ......... ... ..e].1.iIt-.i.6-.
I r.rr,,,,t I ;( l.t r,, \ : .,.......,,.. .r..,,....,.C3,1.8.1.?r?.(N,' ,,t I , 
. I , 
: t . : . . , . . . . . . 11
li,r,f',,.::.......... .....,,,.. ...1.i1.;:'
Jt I r1r,,- 17
l5,tti,.,tr,rr S ,,, .r I-.:ei-:
,t'
El?(
HPas5t
A seistdnt ReSistra r
National Company taw Tribunal
Mumbai - 400 o05
Page 14 of 14iEe[6
..1 r";,r.; e . ... r: i
SCHEME OFAMALGAMATION
AHr*Ext$f,94E, OF
EMBELLTSH HOUSES PRrvATf, LII\IITED /4 s+
('EHPL' OR 'THE TRANSFEROR COM PrliYt")
WITH
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED
(*GPL" OR'THE TRANSFEREE COMPANY'' OR "THE COMPANTY")
AND
THEIR RESPECTIVE SH,{REHOLDERS
UNDER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 OF THE COMPANIES ACT.2013 AND
OTHER.{PPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COIVTPANIES ACT,2OT3
(A) PREAMBLE
This Scherne of Amalgamation is piesented under Sections 230 to 232 of the
Cornpanies Act.2013 aad cther applicable provisions. iiany, ofthe Companias Act.
2013, as may be applicable. for amalgamation of Embellish Houses Pnvate Limited
('EHPL' or'the Transferor Company') with Cod;ej Properties Limited ('GPL'or
'1he Transfere€ Company ) and their respective shareholders ('the Scheme'). This
_.rrt::- , '.-..
Scheme aJso provides for various other marters consequential or othe;ii{iE. rlriegfally
j. r,.l\ .l
(B) BACKGROUND OF THE COMPANIES
The Transferor Company is a private companv engaged primalily in, the
business of real estate consfuction, development and other acrivities, It
wholly owned subsidiary of the Trarsferee Compan-v
ltThe Transferee Company is a listed compan,v prirnarily engaged in
business ofreal estate construciion. development and other related actil,ities
The equity shares of the Transferee Conpany are listed
, . - , .:... .a..i.;=i]:::.. :.,atii.,:,i;r-i i - r.r i,_.,_iiri,//.r:, _. ,a :,. .
:t':::-. " 'ta. 
_i'..]]:on BSE and NSE
-.,...'*..'r'.1:j'J:il., \:,'.--_'!,.-\,.,I ' '\ r-\
r-- li', .-_r
:,.-..,.'itD*
ffiII
9
{at6q
IEa
,\t
Further, the Rate( Listed, Ursecured, Redeemable, Non-Convenible
Debentures ('NCDs') ofthe Trarsferee Company are listed on BSE'
00c{5E(C) RATIONALE FORTHE SCHEME
The Transferee Company is a well-esubtished company engaged in the business
of real estate develoPment.
The amalgamation of the Trarsferor Company with the Transferee Company
would have the following benefits:
o Consolidation of real estate business. There are several commonalities and
synergrstic linkages, and the consolidation of real estate business will result
in operational effi ciencY;
. Ensuring a strearnlined group structure by reducing the number of legal
entrties in the group and reducing the multiplicitv of legal and regulatory
compliances required;
. Pooling ofthe technical resources, personnel, capabilities, skills and expert.ise
Ieading to optimum use of inftastructue, cost reduction and efficiencies,
reduction of administrative and operational cos6;
. Administrative ald operational convenience, elimination of duplication of
communication and co- ordination effortsl
Rationalizing costs by elimrnating multiple record ke hve
n'.:..
functiors: and ,.,rn,'i'' ,- \
. ,1
rn"gr-oupksj' $,1*
Reducing time and efforts for consolidation of fiials atr
(D) PARTSOFTHESCHEME:
PART I
, PART TIi.
This Scheme of Amalgamation is drvided into the following paris:-
Deals with Defrnitions, Interpretation and Share Capital;
Deals with the amalgamation of Embellish Houses Private
with Gotlrej Properties Limited;
PART III Deals with the general terms and conditions applicable to the Scheme
,'.-'; "j _ ,. \.
a.t
: -i i=.i
i"r);.- -.-..,'r;
*vut't'vtrq{a
BE
c.t
PART I
FIN NSINTRETOIi AND APIT
DEFINITIONS
In this Scheme of AmalgamatioB" unless inconsistent \,,''ith the subject or
context, the follo$'ing expressions shall have the mear.ing respectively
assigned against them:
"Act" or "the Act" means the Companies Act. 2013 and the rules and
regulations made thereunder. as the case lnay be, and shall includt any
srarutory modifications. arnendments or re-enactment thereof for the time
being in force;
"Appointed Date" means l '' November 2025;
"Appropriete Authorit-v'' means- any applicable central. state or local
govemment. legislatire body regulatory- adminisnadve orstatutory authority.
agency or commission or department or public or judicial body or authority.
including, but not iimited to the Securiries and Exchange Board of India, the
Stock Exchanges, the Regional Director, rhe Minjstr--v ofCorporate Affairs, the
Registrar of Companies and the National Company Law Tribunal;
"Board of Directors" or "Board" meals the Board of Directors of the
Transferor Company or ofthe Transferee Company a.s the coniext may require
and shall. unless it be repugnant to the context or oth5ry;-(:C^QdSq.a duly
'i"\,l'1 ri "l i', \\. -
constituted committee of dire;to;'s or anl person(s) aut$orised by the Bqar\of
,\
Directors or such committee of directors:
"Efrective Date" or "coming into effect of this Schemel or- *updn the
'. ,1,
scheme being effective" or 'effectivencss of the Scheme' medrrs the last
the date or dates on rvhich all the conditions and rnatters referred to in
l6 are fulfilled obtained or waived offaird the cenified copy of the
the National Company Law Tribunal. Mu:nbai Bench sanctioning this Sch
of Amalgamation is filed by tlre Transferor Company and the Transferee
Company uith the Registrar oiCompanies, Mumbai:0004;9
I
t.l
1')
1.3
1.4
t.5
19.o./qddrc
/liI$l
offt*;rui:+l,
,fl-r,': !s
;:a,,
l-6 'EHPL- or "the Tratrsferor ComPrny" means Embellish Horses Private
Limited (Corporate Identifi cation Number: U6E100MH2025Y1C46N29\' " 0 $ 0 4 6 0
company incorporated under the Companies Ac! 2013 and having its
Registered OIIice at Godrej One, 5th Floor, Pirojstranagar Eastem Express
Highway, Vikfuoli (East) Mumbai - 400079; EHPL was incorporated on 3lst
October, 2025 upon conversion of Embellish Houses LLP, a Limited Liability
Parh€rship into a Company limited by shares under the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013.
1.7 "GPL" or "the Transferee Company" means Godrej Properties Limited
(CIN: L74I20MH |985PLC03 5308), a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, 1956 and having its Registered OfEce at Godrej One, 5th
Floor, Pirqshanagar Eastem Express Highway. Vikhroli (East) Mumbai '
400079;
1.8 "NCLT" means the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, the
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal and any other competent authority
as constihtted and authorized as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
for approving any scheme of arrangement, compromise or recorstruction of
companies under provisiors of the Companies Act, 2013;
1.9 'Scheme" or "tle Scheme' or "this Scheme" means this
Amalgamation in its present form or with any modification(s)Scheme of
Clause 14 of this Schene as approved or directed by the NCLrl, i
means the Securities and Exchange Board oflndia;
l.1l "SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regula
2015" means the regulatiors issued by SEBI for adherence by a lis
company hereinafter referred as 'Listing Regulations' as amended from time
-s
..ai'a c : .::i:''lr:.-: ,,j., :-) \ r'!
-,.'i
":), r'to trme;
R,qa\)s$
qir',ji\'r:
.. i.rrr. i
UT
wn$rItS
nrrfi6
a8E
Ll2 (SEBI Circulars" means the master circular No.
SEBIIHO,'CFD,/PODZICLN2A23193 dated June 20. 2023 issued by SEBI or
any other circulars issued by SEBI applicable to this Scheme: 0$34r1
t.t3
2
2.1
3*Stock Erchange" nreans BSE Limited ('BSE') and the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited ('NSE'):
All terms and words not defined in this Scheme shall, unless rcPugnant or
contrary to the context or meaning thereof. have the same meaning ascribed to
them under tire Act and other applicable iau's. rules, regulation-\, bye laws, as
the case may be. including an;'statutory modification or re-enactment thereof
from time to time .
DATE OF TAKTNG EFFECT AND OPERATIVE DATE
The Scheme set out herein in its present fomr or rvith an-"" modification(s)
approved or imposed or directed b-v the NCLT or made under Clause 14 of this
Scherne shall be effective frorn the Appointed Date but shall become operative
from the EffectiYe Date.
SHAR-E CAPITA L ' ;1"1 'ti'' L '''
,\+
3.1 The Authorized. lssued ri6edatrd'?aid-up Share Capital of the
Transferor Company- as on lst No .2025. is as urtder:
Particulars i Arirount (inINR)Subsc
r ; ii.:..."
otalTAuthorized Share Capital
36,601 equity shares of INR 10'- each
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
'36,601equity shares of INR i 0;- each
Total3,66,0r 0
3,66,0r0
3.66,0r 0
3,66,010
;i
t}le-- , -Subsequem to Ist November. 2025. there has been no change in
Aurhorized- Issued. Subscnbed arrd Paid-up Share Capital of the Transferor
Company. f ,'-^-.'i:,,. ,-,!\
l:,
.rtl4I./.i'.:.:-ffi:lII
Jtrm8(t')
nRt
The Transferee Cornpan,v aiong rvith Godrej Pro-jects Development Limited' a
wholly orvned subsidiary of the Transferee Company as ils norninee' holds the
endre equit.v share capital of the Trarsferor Company '{ccordingl-v' the
Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee
Company. I$'^4ii2
3.? The Autltorized, lssued. Subscdbed and Paid-up Sirare Capital of the
Transfetee Compan-v as on 0t'' November.2025 is as under:
Particulars Amount (in INR)
Authorized Share CaPital
1.33.80.00.000 Equity Shares of INR 5,'- each 6,69,00.00.000
Total 6,69,00,00,000
Issued,Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
30.1 2,06.344 Equity Shares of INR 5l eactr- fully 150,60.31.720
paid up
Totsl 150,603r.720
Subsequent to lst Novernber. 2025, there has been no change in the
Authorized. issued, Subscnbed and Paid-up Share Capital of the Transfaee
Compaay-
The equity shares of the Transferee Company are currently listed on BSE and
NSE. The Rated. Listed. Unsecured, neape{rH;, -Non-Conver.ible-1
I
,4'.i:.-. -
Debentures ('NCDi') of the T;ansferee Comptiny'are listed on BSE
I {.=
nrdrt'
aEBDI
.{rrt.rlWilI
AMALGAMATION OF TRANSFEROR COMPANY WITH TRANSFEREE
COI\{PANY
4 TRANSFER AND VESTING OF UNDERT-{KING
4.1 Subject to the provisions of this Scheme as specified hereinafter and wirh
effcct from the Appointed Date. the entire business and the undertaking of the
Transferor Company including all its properties and assets. (whether movable
or immovable, tangible or intangible including development rights), leasehold
assets and other properiies. real, in possession or reversiorq presenl and
contingent assets (whether tangible or intangible) of r+'hatsoever nature, all
the receivables, advances, deposits erc. including. *'ithout limitation, all the
movables and immovable properues anci assets of the Transferor Company
comprisrng amongst others buiness iicenses. permits. aulhorizations, if any,
rights and benehts of all agreemenrs and all other interests, rights and powers
of every kind, nature and description ,rllatsoever. privileges, Iiberties,
easements. advantages, benefits and approvals. advance and other taxes paid
to the authorities. copy rights. ieas:. tenancy ri3hls. statutor-1 permissions.
consents and registrations or approvals obtained from any authorities
including but not iimited to approval trom any Real Estate Regulatory
,Authority, approval from any industrial Developrnent C-orporation. ChiefFire.:-
Officer, Executi.re Engineer Traffic and _.e:9rdtnirt;on;] ln\ronment
i
Clearance Certificate. Title Clearance Certificate issued by dny €orirpetentncnULIJ4C3
Authority. all rights and /'or tities and i or interey li?toperties by. ffire of\:
coun decree or order, all records, iies. papen'.,-cohtrgcts'. ibtirtration
-.'
Disapproval (IOD). Appro'red Building Plan anC an-v amendments therany
Commencement Certificate. Building Completion Ceftificate, Occupation
Certificate. Developn'rent Riglrt Cenificate {DRC), No Objection Certificate
from any authorities. including the Municipal authorities. competent authorlly ---
, ' " '.''.-' , .
under the Cornpetition Act. ZOOZ. Cgryylrhoriry u nder the U *-_*'?pU 
.. -,'G,\:::/..1; - . -:' ::
t.": ' 'j.. -. ti,/
''1 .. *. -'1.
9
at-tdorC
A
i',J/+PART II
Ceiting Act,l976, lease, tenancy rights, letter of inte-nts, permissions' benefits
under income tax law and indirect tax law (including but not limited to credit
for advance tax, tax deducted at source' unutilized deposits or credis'
minimum altemate tax, rax refunds, credit for service tax' sales tax / value
added tax i goods and service tax and / or any other statues, incentives under
indirect taxes, if any) and all other rights, title, interest, including
Development Agreements, Conveyances, Agreement for Sale etc, corsent'
approvals or powers ofevery kind and description, agreements shall, pursuant
to the order ofNCLT and pursuant 10 provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the
Act and other appticable provisions of the Act and without firfiher act,
instrument or deed, but subject to the charges affecting the same be vested
and/or deemed to be vested in Transferee Company on a going concern basis
so as to become the assets of the Transferee Company with a.ll righls, tide'
hterest or obligations of the Transferor Company therein.
4.2 In respect ofall the movable assets of the Transferor Company and the assets
which are otherwise capable of transfer by physical delivery or endorsement
and delivery, including cash on hand, shall be so transferred to the Transferee
Company and deemed to have been physically handed over by physical
delivery or by endorsement and delivery, as the case may be, to the Transferee
Company to the end and intent that the propefty and
A-\}
the Transferee Company with effect from the E h*00c46{
to
::a
delivery i. -.ir'ili'
4.3 In respect ofany assets ofthe Transferor Company or'', .. a.:,i
R$Tthose
in Clause 4.1 zrrrd 4.2 above, includhg actionable claims, tsincluding
deposits paid in relation to outstanding litigations, sundry debtors, outstarding
loans, advalces recoverable in cash or kind or value to be received ftom other
authorities and bodies and customers, shall, without any fi[dler act, irsmlment
or dee4be transferred to and vested into as theproperty of the Trans
te,TI
maso required by the T
airsq
$i3i,s
'-. 'r.- ,-, -rr-t
.ft!{raff@
ILa
Company. The Transferor C(
'tr1-t4,,S
?riIn.?,t
ffi
Company, issue notices in such form as the Transferee Company may deem
fit and proper stating that pusuant to tbe NCLT having sanctioned this Scheme
between tbe Transferor Company and the Transferee Company under SecO"* 0 C C 4 S 5
230 to 232 of the Act, the relevant debt, Ioar:, advance or other asset, be paid
or made good or held on account of the Transferee Company, as the person
entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Transferor Company
to recover or realize the same stands Eamferred to the Transferee Company
and that appropriate enkies should be passed in their respective book to
record the aforesaid changes..
4.4 With effect from the Appointed Date, any sututory licenses, permissions.
approvals, all allocations by the government shall stand vested inor transferred
to the Transferee Company without any firrther act or deed and shall be
appropriately mutated by the statutory authorities concemed in favor of the
Transferee Company. The benefit of all statutory and regulatory permissions,
regisrations or other licenses and consenr shall vest in and shall be in full
force and effect in favor of the Transferee Company and may be enforced as
fl:lly and effectually as if instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee
Company had been the party thereto or the beneficiary or oblige thereof
pursuant to this scheme
j.=
4.5 With effect from the Appointed Date, all
Iiabilities, duties aad obligations of the T
provided for or not in the books of accounts of shall,
pursuant to the Order of the NCLT or such other competent authority as
be applicable under Section 230 to 232 and other appticable provisiors
Act without any further act or deed, be transferred or deemed to be transfe
to and vested i:r the Transferee Company, so as to become as from the
Appointed Date the debts, liabilities, condngent liabilities
obligations of the Transferee Company on the same terms andSg'
J.
co
were applicabte to the Transferor Company
rutl/,$
ai
a1rhaI!I1,
EI
-ri$sC
n
B
4.6 The fransfer ofassets and liabilities pursuant to Clause 4'1 to Clause 4'5 above
and the continuance of proceedings by the Transferee Company pursuant to
Clause 8 shall not affect any rrarsaction or proceedings already concluded by fi 0 C { 6 6
the Transferor Company on or before the Appointed Date or after the
Appointed Date till the Effective Date to the end and intent that the Transferee
Cornpany accepts and adopts all acts, deeds and things done and executed by
the Transferor Company in regard thereto, as if done and executed by the
Trarsferee Company on behalfof itself.
4.'l Where any of the rlebt, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor
Company as on the Appointed Date, deemed to be nansferred to the Transferee
Company have been discharged by the Transferor Company, as the case may
be, after the Appointed Date and pnor to the Effecnve Date, such discharge
shall be deemed to have been for and on account of the Transferee Company'
4.8 All the existing securities, mortgages, charges, encumbrances or liens, if any,
as on the Appointed Date and those created by the Transferor Company over
the assets of the Transferor Company after the Appointed Date and subsisting
as on the Effective Date shall, after the Effective Date, continue to relate and
attach to such assets or any part thereof to which they are related or attached
prior to the Effective Date. Such securiti
or liens shall not relate or aftach or ex
Transferee Company
Provided always that the Scheme shall
any loan, deposit or facility avarled of by the Transferor Company, if any, and
the Transferee Company shall not be obliged to create atry further or additional
security thereofafter the Effective Date or otherwise.
4.9 Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoiug Clauses,
Company and the Transferee Company shall execute all such
documents or do all the acts and deeds as may be required, hclt_Ra/6',!{!t("
IBE9
forffiI
ofnecessary particulars and/or modification(s) ofcharge, with the Regisrrar of
Companies, Mumbai, if any, to give forma.l effect to the above provisions, if
required. 00e46?
4.10 With effect from the Effective Date untii such times the names of the bank
accounts of the Transferor Company would be replaced with that of the
Transferee Company, the Trarsferee Compo.ny shall be etrtitled to operate the
bank accounts of the Tralsferor Company in the name of the respective
Trarsferor Company in so far as may be necessary, All cheques and other
negotiable instruments, payment orders received or presented for encashment
which are in the name of the Transferor Company after the Effective Dale shall
be accepted by the bankers of the Trarsferee Company and credited to the
account of the Transferee Compaay, if preseoted by the Transferee Company.
The Transferee Company shall be allowed to maintain bank accounts in the
name of Transferor Company for such time as may be determined to be
necessary by the Transferee Company for presentation and deposition of
cheques and pay orders that have been issued in the name of the Transferor
Company.
4.1 I All tax liabilities / refunds / credrts / claims relating ome
Tax Act, 196i, Income Tax Act,2025. Customs A#
Act, 1944, Cental Goods and Services TaxA"E,e
Services Tax Act, 201 7, lntegrated Goods and Servi -,{cL20
$Yt"i '
on
-i"
Territory Goods and Sewices Tax Act, 2017, state sal Cental
Sa.les Tax Act, 1956. service tax, or other applicable laws / regulations
with taxes i duties / levies (hereinafter in this Clause refened to as "Tax L
of the Transferor Company to the extent not provided for or covered
provision in the financial statements made as on the date immediately
preceding the Appointed Date shall be treated as liabilities /
claims of the Transferee Company from the Date
tIe transfened to the Transferee Company
'';ttultfirz,
t
Exation/ duties/ levies account including advance tax and ox deducted at
source, credit for minimum altemadve tax./ service tax, goods and sewice tax
or such other credits as on the dale immediately preceding the Appointed Date
will also be transferred to and b€come the advance laxlother tax of the
Transfereecompany 009{08
4.1 2 Without prejudice to the generality of the above, all benefis, credits, refunds'
exemptions, incentives or concessions under Tax Laws as may be applicable
to which the Transferor Company is entitled to in terms ofthe applicable Tax
Laws of the union and state governments in India, shall be available to and
vest in the Transferee ComPanY.
4.13 The Transferee Company shall be enntled to file / revise its income tax retums,
service tax rehrrns, value added tax rerums, central sales tax retums, goods and
service tax retuns, tax deducted at source certificates, tax deducted at source
retums and other statutory retums and filings, if required under the Tax Laws,
and shall have the right to clarm or adjust refunds, advance tax credits, credit
for minimum altemate tax i tax deducted at souce / foreign taxes withheld/
paid, input tax credits, of the Transferor Company if any, as may
consequent to implementation ofthis Scheme.
4.14 The Trarsferee Company shall be entitled to
schemes and policies of the GovemmerLt, if an
5CONSIDERATION
As rhe Transferor Companavail
y that
were available to the Trarsferor Company. It is declared that
Scheme, all the benefits under such incentive schemes and policies shall stand
transferred and vested to the Transferee Company \\ous os
a
o
y is a wholly owned s of the
Company, no shares of the Tramferee Company shall be allotted towards
discharge of consideration or in lieu or exchange of the equity shareholding in
the Transferor Company. Upon the coming into effect of this Scherne, theT
4!.
o7
ffillII
5_
,nCovtt(btB!l}'ere
a1.tfn
{r*r;''oulI"-
c':
share certificates, if any, aad/or the shares in elecfionic form representing the
shares in the Transferor Compaay shall be deemed to be cancelled without any
firther acr or deed for cancellation thereof and shail cease to be in existence
accordingly. 00C{69
6 ACCOUNTING TREATMENT IN TIIE BOOKS OF THE
TRANSFEREE COMPANY
Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Scheme, the Transferee
Company shall account for the amalgamation of the Tramferor Company in
accordance with "Pooling of Intoest Method" of accounting as laid down in
Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 103 'Business
Combinations' notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 under
the Companies (Indiaa Accounting Staldards) Rules, 2015, as may be
amended from time to tim€ rn the books of accounts such that:
6.1 The Transferee Company shall record all the assets and liabilities, if aly, of
the Transferor Company vested in it pusuant to the Scheme. at the carrying
values as required by Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard (lnd AS)
I 03'Business Combinations' ;
6.2 The identity of the reserves ofthe Trarsferor Company shall be preserved and
the Transferee Company shall record the reserves of the Transferor Company
6.3
6.4 Pusuant to the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Trans
Company, the Inter-Company balances between the Transferor Company
the Trarsferee Company shall, srand cancelled and there shall be no further
Ti
+4
N1u:iibai,s
souss
rkj.49
.rEtc,,fq*+
gaa
obligation in that behalf
a;
{'in the same form and at the carrying values as required of
l+Indian Accounting Standard (IDd AS) 103 'Business *
d
Company shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation
;
6.5 The surptusideficit, if any, arising after gtving effect to the Scheme shall be
accounted based on the accounting principles prescribed under Ind AS 103'
6.6 In case of any differences in accounting policy beween the Transferor
Company and the Transferee Company, the accounting policies followed by
the Transferee Company wili prevail to ensure that the hnancial sutemens of
the Transferee Company reflect the financial position on the basis ofconsistent
accounting policy.
61 Comparative financial information in the financial statements of the
Transferee Company shall be restated for the accounting impact ofmerger, as
stated above, as if the merger has occurred from the beginning of the
comparative period.
6.8 Any matter not dealt with in Clause hereinabove shall be dealt with in
accordance with the lndian Accounting Sundards applicable to the Transferee
Company.
7 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS TILL THE EFFECTI!'E DATE
7.1 With effect from the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective
Darc, the Transferor Company shall carry on and be deemed to have been
carrying on its business and activities and shall stand possessed of and hold all
of ttre business for and on account ofand for the benefit ofand in trust for the
Trarsferee Company. Fur$rer, all the profis or inc to
the Transferor Company or expenditure, or losses8CC{70
-i.
Transferor Company, with effect from the App
purposes and intents be treated and be deemed to be
or income or expenditure or losses of the Trarsferee Company, as the case
may be.
7.2 With effect ftom the date of approval oftlus Scheme by the Board ofDirecto
of the Trarsferor Company and Transferee Company ald up to and including
uso
:;\-1,ssI
Iunbaldrd{6+
B€
the Effective Date:
wa{
G
T'{#}sI:t
(a) The Transferor Company shall carry on its business and activities in the
ordinary course of business with reasonable diligence and business
prudence and shall not make bonowings or undefiake nr*"i.r 0 0 0 4 ? 1
commitments either for ilself or on behalf of group compades or any
third party or sell, t-ansfer, alienate. mortgage, charge, or encumber or
othenvise deal with or dispose of its assets, business or mdertaking or
any part thereof, save and except in the ordirury course of business or
with the prior written consent of the Transferee Company.
(b) The Transferee Company shall be entitled to apply to the Central
Govemment and any other Govsrnment or statutory
authorities/agencies,body concemed as are necessary under any law for
such consents, approvals, licenses, registrations and sanctions which the
Tra.nsferee Company may require to carry on the business of the
Trarsferor Company.
(c) The Trarsferor Company shall not declare or pay any dividends, whether
interim or final, to its respective equity shareholders in respect of the
accounting period prior to the Effective Date. except with the prior
approval of the Board of Directors of Transferee Co
8 LEGALPROCEEDINGS
8.1 lf any suit, appea.l or oher proc
Trarsferor Company (including
or againsr the erstwhile Embellis
abate or be discontinued or in any way be prejudicially affected by
or by anything contained in tlus Scheme, but the said suit, appeal or
proceeding may be continued and enforced by or against the Trars
Company, as the case may be, in the same manner and to tle same extent as it
would or might have been condnued and enforced by or against the Tra$feror
LRT,a.o
q-|-oUSo-\\
fl]balffiI
9
+-do.rS
Company as if thrs Scheme had not been made.
oOss pending, shall not
8.2 The Transferee Company undertakes to bave all legai or other proceedirgs
initiated by or against the Transferor Company referred to in Clause 8'l uoo'" 
0 0 0 4 ? z
transferredinitsnameandtohavethesamecontinued'prosecutedand
enforced by or against the Transferee Company to the same extent as would
or might have been continued and enforced by or agairst the Trarsferor
Company.
9 STAFF&EMPLOYEES
9.1 Upon this Scheme becoming effective, aII employees, ifany, ofthe Transferor
Company shall be deemed to have become employees of the Transferee
Company with effect from the Appointed Date without any break,
discontinuance or interruption in their service and on tle basis of continuity of
service, and the terms and conditions of their employment w.itb the Transf€re€
Company shall not be less favorable than those applicable to them with
reference to the Transferor Company on the date on which the Scheme
becomes effective.
g.2 It is expressly provided that, upon the Scheme becoming effective, the
Provident Fund, Gratuity Fund, Pension Fund, Superannuation Fund or any
other Special Fund or Trusts (hereinafter referred to as Fund or Funds) created
or existing for the benefitof the employees ofthe Tralsferor Company, if any,
shall becofire trusts/fimds of the Transferee C oses
whatsoever in relation to the administration oro
or in relation to obligation to make conributi rn
accordance with the provisions thereof as per the
respective Trust Deeds, if any, to the end and intent that all riShts, duties,
powers and obtigations of the Transferor Company in relation to such Fund
Funds shall become tJrose of the Transferee Company. It is clarifred that
sewices of the staffand employees of the Transferor Company will be treated
as having been continuous for the pwpose ofthe said Fund or Funds.
(-9
+d"s,ry
A
M...lmbat
qs
o0ous I
a.eFT]of
.qr.aid or
9.3 In relation to the employees of the Transferor Company who are not covered
under the Provident Fund Trust of the Transferor Company and for whom the
Transferor Company are making confibutions to the Government Provident
Fund, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for the Transferor
Company for all purposes whatsoever. including those relating to the
obligation to make contributions to the said fund in accordaace with the
provisions ofsuch fund, in respect ofsuch employees.
9.4 In relation ro any other fund created or existing for the benefit ofthe employees
of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted
for all purposes whatsoever, including those relating to ihe obligation to make
contributions to the said firnds in accordance with the provisions of such
scheme, funds, bye laws, etc. in respect ofsuch employees. It is clarifred that
save as expressly provided for in this Scheme, the employees of the Transferor
Company who become the employees ofthe Transferee Company by virtue of
this Scheme, shall not be entitled to avail of any Schemes and benefiu
(includhg employee stock options) that may be applicable and available to
any of the other employees of the Transferee Company (hcluding benefits of
or under any employee stock option schemes applicable to or covering all or
any of the other employees of the Transferee Company), unless otherwise
determined by the Transferee Company. The Transferee Company undertakes
to continue to abide by any agreement/ settlement, ; .errlered into or
A,
deemed to have been entered into by the T
|..0004?3
4employee ofthe Transferor Company7 '$.
R10 CONTRACTS, DEEDS, APPROVALS, EXEMPTITT\B, ETC.
l0.l On and from the Appointed Date and subject to the olher provisions of
Scheme, all contacts, deeds, bonds, insurance, Ietters of intent, undertakings,
arranSements, policies, ageements and other instruments, if any, of
OirS
IdurDbeDrqr
o-TdrC'+
Aq\
a-tt.t'ffia'I$J
whatsoever nature to which the Transferor
a:and:l:i,r'r.::::J i \
.-li:.
. rli' ., .: .j,,\
or having effect on the Effective Date, shall be in full force and effect against
or ir favour of the Transferee Company, as the case may be, and may be
enforced by or against the Transferee Company as tully and effectually ts if B 0 3 4 ? {
instead of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party
thereto
10.2 The Transferee Cornpany shall' if so required, enter into ald'/or issue and/or
execute deeds, writings or confirrrations or enter into any ripartite
arangements, confirmations or novations, to which the Transferor Company
will, ifnecessary, also be a party (ifapplicable) in order to give fomral effect
to the provisions of this Scherne, if so required or ifnecessary The Transferee
Company shall be deemed to be authorised to execute any such deeds, writings
or conf.rmations on behalf of the Transferor Company and to implement or
carry out all fonralities required on the part ofthe Trdnsferor Company to give
effe€t to the provisions of this Scheme.
llSAVING OF CONCLUDED TRANSACTIONS
The uansfer of assets, propertres and liabilities under Clause 4 above and the
continuance of proceedings by or against the Transferor Company turder
Clause 8 above shall not affect any transaction or proceedilgs already
concluded by the Transferor Company on and after the Appointed Date till the
Effective Date to the end and intent that the Transferee Company accepB all
acts, deeds and thingsdone anri executed by and / or on behalfof
Company as acts, deeds and things done and executed by Si
ei\€I
the Transferee Companyil
rl(
,.:;j:.t5' l:>
IZ DISSOLUTION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPA.IYY Isvt
On the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand
dissolved without being wound-up <ttuqo
BgAa
\{J
BiT
!r
PART IIItrtr
Hou
4i,4l.,;1-r2;4
]c
GENERAL I'ERMS.{ND CONDITIONS
APPLICATION
The Transferor Compan-v and the Transferee Compa-ny shall rrake necessary
applications before the NCLT for the sanction of this Scheme under Sections
230 ta 232 and olher applicable provisiorrs of the Act and for seeking orders
for dispensing with or convening, holding andor conducting of the meetings
of the respective shareholdersi creditors.
MODIFICATIONS / AMENDII{ENTS TO THE SCI{EME
'-lhe Transferor Company and thc Transfr,ee Compan.v with approval oftheir
respective Board ofDirectors uiay consent. from ttme to time. on behalfofall
persons concemed. to an,v :rcdiiicatior:^s , amendments or addrtions I deletiott-s
to the Scheme rvhich may othenvise be considered necessary-. desirable or
appropriate by the said Board oI Directors to resolve all dou'ots or difficulties
that ma--v arise for carr-ving out this Scheme and to do and execute all acts,
deeds, maners and things necessarv for bringing this Scheme into eilect or
agree to any tenns and I or conditions or limitations Lhat tlte NCLT or any other
authorities under law may deem fit to approl.e of, to direct and r' or itrpose.
The aforesaid powers ofthe Transferor Company and the Transleree Company
-'1f11'::r'-
to give effect to the modificatron . amendme4(1{}re.$ctems may be
' .J'*
exercised by their respective Board of Dilectors'tir any person aqthorised in
rhat behalf by the concemed Board of Directors..sutlect to approval of the
NCLT or any other authorities under (he appiicable law to Euchti'bdi
amendmenls to the Scheme.ficauon i
VALTDITY OF THE EXISTI\G RESOLUTIONS, ETC.
Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme. the resolutons of the TranslerorBC3{?$
t3
I4
tk-ty
Company as are consid€red necessary t'y the Board of Directors of j}e- *,,.
7.- itC tg-\.. ..' -- ---- 'il' '.
-i ,.' ; i:;;-i i..,'-.-,f ;,'. t,ffiI$)
{dil6.rq+
EAB
15
Trarsferee Company which are validly subsisting, be considered as resolutions
of the Transferee Company. If any such resolutions have any monetary "*" 0 C C 4 ? 6
approved under the provisions of the Act or any other applicable satutory
provisions, then the said limits' as are considered necessary by the Board of
Directors of the Transferee Company, shall be added to the limits, if any under
the like resolutions passed by the Transferee Company'
15 CONDITIONALITY OF THE SCHEME
This Scheme is conditional upon and subject to the following:
16.l The Scheme being approved by rhe requisite majorities in number and value
of such classes of persons including the respective shareholders and/or
creditors, if required, of the Transferor Company and the Transferee
Company, as may be directed by the NCLT or any other Appropriate Authority
as may be applicable;
16.2 The requisite sanctions and approvals of any Appropriate Authority, as may
be required by law, in respect of the Scheme being obtained;
16.3 The Scheme being sanctioned by the NCLT under Sections 230 ro 232 ar.d
other applicable provisions of the Act; and
16.4 Cenified copy of the Order of the NCLT sanctioning the Scheme, being filed
with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai by the Traas
Tra-nsferee Company.
77 EFFECTOFNON-RECEIPTOFAPPR
l7.l In the event of any of the said sanctions
preceding Clause not being obtained and/ or the Scheme not being sanctlone
by the NCLT or such other competent authority and / or the order not
passed as aforesaid before 3ls' March 2027 or wilhin such further period offilt
,
qf,d0
EBa.'
Muinbai{
.o\\ourperiods as may be agreed upon between the Transferor Company and?LP,
-'+
q
*
Transferee Company by their respec ve Board of Directors (and which the
Board of Directors of the Company are hereby empowered and authorized ," fi 0 e 4 ? 7
agree to and extend the Scherne from time to time withour any limitation), the
Scheme shall become null ald void, and be ofno effect, save and except in
respect of any act or deed done prior thereto as is contemplated hereunder or
as to any right, liability, or obligations which have arisen or accmed pursuant
thereto and which shall be govemed and be presen'ed or worked out as is
specifica.lly provided in the Scheme or as may otherwise arise in law and each
pafty shall bear and pay its respective costs, charges and expenses in
connection with the Scheme unless otherwise mutually agreed.
17.2 Save and except as mentioned in Clause l7.l above, in the event of this
Scheme failing to take effect or it becoming null and void, no rights and
liabilities of whatsoever nature shall accrue to or be incurred inter-se to or by
the parties to the Scheme or any of them.
IE COSTS, CHARGES & EXPENSES
All costs, charges, taxes including duties, levies and all otber expemes, if any
(save as expressly otherwise ageed) arising out of or incurred in carrying our
and implementhg this Scheme and matters incidental thereto sha.ll be borne
by the Transferee Company.
Ce*itied Tiue CoP';
: i'. r;taitcus
iftr,ffi,:"17' ,,.
t#4"1
N'
G
r'. ;1.t:']rrd$t'
taBrtrI$l
9
RAKESH
RAMAWAR
AGARWAL
\i..,;I
NATIONAL COIIPANV LA}V TRII}i)NAL
(i\li;hllIiI Fq'J ll li t
e l:ltl.rllD T(r :lf, iii i-iF. coPY
')|,''! il i' i);..i(, ll..ir,
D i.r r-\, r.1,,. :.......D,--. 3
D.tl(' t,l /\irl)li( r',i'ir ".
D.rl{, (:r'ttr tlt.'tl. :. ..
I).rtr,,l l,, li,'t i\ :.. . ,.
N(\. (,r l',ti]':.:.. ,....... ..
Ij,r. l, ri,l :......,.. .... ,
D''i' i"r'r i;"' : " "'
Tlt.,l lie P,i:l :.........\
tllr\tt
H Pass\.9
lR/r)R/AR
(siln.rturr'& StJl)....Ie.S&:=
a
A5ststanl ReBistIar
Nat'ronal ComPanY Law Tribunal
Mumbai - 4O0 005.