 
Greaves  Cotton Limited 
Email ID:  investorservices@greavescotton.com I Website:  www.greavescotton.com 
Registered Office:  J-2, MIDC Industrial Area, Chikalthana, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar - 431 006, Maharashtra, India. Tel.: (+91 240) 2479250, 2479232  
Corporate Office:  Unit Nos. 301 & 302, 3rd Floor, Tower B, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Off Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013 
Tel: +91 22 41711700 I CIN: L99999MH1922PLC000987 
 
  
  10th July 2026 
 
The Manager – Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455  The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT  
 
   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Press Release  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Press Release issued by the Company, with the heading “ Greaves 
Cotton Reinforces Commitment to Greaves Electric Mobility with Proposed ₹331 Crore Rights Issue 
Subscription”. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary  
Membership No: F13799 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
Press Release 
 
Greaves Cotton Reinforces Commitment to Greaves Electric Mobility with 
Proposed ₹331 Crore Rights Issue Subscription 
  
Mumbai, July 10, 2026:  Greaves Cotton Limited, one of India's leading diversified engineering 
companies, announced that its Board of Directors has approved the Company's participation in 
the proposed rights issue of its material subsidiary, Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML), to 
fully subscribe its entitlement in the rights issue aggregating up to approximately ₹331 crore. 
 
The proposed investment reflects Greaves Cotton's continued commitment to GEML, its 
confidence in the progress of the business to strengthen its position in India's evolving electric 
mobility landscape.  
 
Parag Satpute, Managing Director & Group CEO, Greaves Cotton Limited,  said: 
"Our proposed investment in Greaves Electric Mobility Limited reflects our conviction in the long-
term opportunity presented by India's transition to sustainable mobility. Backed by a strong 
balance sheet, healthy cash position and our disciplined capital allocation approach, we continue 
our focus on the broader Greaves.Next growth journey" 
 
The proposed investment is aligned with Greaves Cotton's long-term strategy of building future-
ready businesses while creating sustainable value for customers, shareholders and other 
stakeholders. 
 
-END- 
 
About Greaves Cotton Limited: 
With a legacy of over 165 years, Greaves Cotton Limited is a diversified, future-ready engineering company delivering 
innovative and sustainable solutions to customers across key sectors. Renowned for its precision engineering and 
technology leadership, the Company’s growth strategy is anchored on three core dimensions: accelerating its core 
businesses, building new muscle onto the core, and expanding into new horizons across Energy Solutions, Mobility 
Solutions, and Industrial Solutions. 
  
As one of India’s largest manufacturers of single-cylinder diesel engines, and a pioneer in introducing them for 
microcar applications in the European market, Greaves continues to reinforce its commitment to accessible, 
efficient, and reliable mobility. The Company also has a longstanding association with the Indian armed forces, with 
its products supporting a range of defence and naval applications, embodying its role in industrial advancement and 
nation-building. Guided by its purpose of ‘Empowering Lives’, Greaves is committed to providing reliable products, 
 
sustainable technology, and customer-centric solutions. With its strong engineering foundation and continuous 
innovation, the Company aims to enable people, businesses, and communities to progress with confidence in a 
future rooted in engineering excellence and driven by efficient energy. 
  
The investee companies of Greaves include Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML) with its diverse portfolio of 
electric 2 & 3 wheelers for passenger and cargo mobility, and Greaves Finance Limited (GFL) with ev.fin, a 100% EV 
focused NBFC that leverages cutting-edge technology to offer customised financing options & seamless buying 
experience. Both these businesses play a significant role in accelerating EV adoption in India. 
  
For more information, visit - www.greavescotton.com 
  
For further information, please contact: 
Keya Muriya | keya.muriya@greavescotton.com 
Kumar Shubham |+91 8507148460 | kumar.s@the-practice.net 
  
Note: 
"This press release may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on 
'management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Greaves Cotton 
Limited and its subsidiaries/ associates ("Greaves"). These forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance, or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such 
statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, amongst others: 
general economic and business conditions in India and overseas, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our research 
and development efforts, our growth and expansion plans and technological changes, changes in the value of the Indian Rupee 
and other currency changes, changes in the Indian and international interest rates, change in laws and regulations that apply to 
the related industries, increasing competition in and the conditions of the related industries, changes in political conditions in 
India and changes in the foreign exchange control regulations in India. Neither Greaves, nor our directors, or any of our 
subsidiaries/associates assume any obligation to update any particular forward-looking statement contained in this release." 
  
Disclaimer: -   GREAVES ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED (“GEML”), a subsidiary of GCL, is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite 
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, to make an initial public offering of its equity shares and has filed a draft 
red herring prospectus dated December 23, 2024 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The DRHP is 
available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in, the website of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.nseindia.com, the website of the BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com, on the website of GEML at 
www.greaveselectricmobility.com  and on the websites of the lead managers, Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited at 
www.motilaloswalgroup.com, IIFL Capital Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited) at www.iiflcap.com  and 
JM Financial Limited at www.jmfl.com , respectively.  Investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high 
degree of risk. For details, potential investors should refer to the red herring prospectus which may be filed with the Registrar of 
Companies, Tamil Nadu at Chennai in the future, including the section titled “Risk Factors”. Potential investors should not rely on 
the DRHP filed with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges in making any investment decision. This announcement does not constitute an 
invitation or offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and 
applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are only being offered and sold (i) within the United States to 
"qualified institutional buyers" (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in private transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Regulation S and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers and sales occur. There will be no public offering of the 
Equity Shares in the United States in this release."  