 
Greaves  Cotton Limited 
Email ID:  investorservices@greavescotton.com I Website:  www.greavescotton.com 
Registered Office:  J-2, MIDC Industrial Area, Chikalthana, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar - 431 006, Maharashtra, India. Tel.: (+91 240) 2479250, 2479232  
Corporate Office:  Unit Nos. 301 & 302, 3rd Floor, Tower B, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Off Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013, India. 
Tel: +91 22 41711700 I CIN: L99999MH1922PLC000987 
 
  
 03rd August, 2026 
 
The Manager – Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455  The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT  
 
   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Press Release  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Press Release issued by Greaves Electric Mobility Limited, subsidiary 
of the Company, with the heading “ Greaves Electric Mobility's Rights Issue offer of INR 530 
Crore fully subscribed”. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary  
Membership No: F13799 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
Greaves Electric Mobility 's Rights Issue offer  
of INR 530 Crore fully subscribed  
• Rights issue backed by Greaves Cotton and Abdul Latif Jameel Green Mobility Solutions 
reinforces long term confidence of the shareholder s in GEML ’s growth strategy  
• Highlights GEML’s  industry -beating performance and strong momentum across electric two - 
and three -wheelers , while reinforcing its commitment to supporting India’s clean mobility 
goals . 
 
New Delhi/Bangalore, 03rd Augu st, 2026: Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML), the e -mobility 
business of Greaves Cotton Limited and one of India’s leading electric mobility companies consisting 
of brands Ampere and Greaves 3 Wheelers, announced an additional equity infusion of INR 530 crore 
through a Rights Issue. The investment is fully subscribed by the existing shareholders  in proportion to 
their existing shareholding , including Greaves Cotton Limited (GCL)  and Abdul Latif Jameel Green 
Mobility Solutions (ALJ) , reaffirming their continued confidence in GEML’s strong momentum and its 
role in advancing India’s clean  mobility transition.  The investment reinforces the long -term 
commitment of GEML’s anchor shareholders . 
 
The capital infusion is aimed at strengthening the GEML’s  next phase of growth  towards building Next 
Generation product s, Battery Management Systems, Power Trains  and New age T echnology 
development . 
 
Speaking on the investment, Mr. Karan Thapar, Chairman, Greaves Cotton Limited , said “GCL’s strong 
balance sheet enables  us to support organic growth  and selectively  invest behind businesses with clear 
long -term potential.  Our continued investment in Greaves Electric Mobility reflects our confidence in 
its strategic direction, execution capabilities and role in advancing India’s clean mobility transition. 
With its manufacturing footprint, engineering depth , expanding portfolio and focus on Building for 
Bharat, GEML is well placed to sustain  its market -outperforming growth and create enduring value .” 
 
The investment will strengthen GEML’s  electric two -wheeler and three -wheeler portfolio , deepen 
technology development and support execution in a competitive, fast -adopting  EV market.  While 
GEML has  presently decided  not to avail itself of the SEBI extension for the proposed Offer , it remains 
committed to pursuing a public listing at an appropriate time, subject to market conditions, regulatory 
approvals and other relevant considerations.  
 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Vikas Singh, Managing Director, Greaves Electric Mobility 
Limited,  said “We are grateful for  the full subscription of the rights issue by our existing shareholders . 
Their continued support  reflects strong confidence  in Greaves Electric Mobility’s vision , strategy  and 
execution momentum.  As India’s electric mobility market moves towards  mass adoption, we remain 
focused on supporting the country’s clean mobility goals through  differentiated products Built for 
Bharat, stronger  technology capabilities and reliable mobility solutions for our customers. This capital 
will help  us accelerate innovation and further strengthen our product pipeline .” 
 
 
 
The investment comes at a time when Greaves Electric Mobility continues to deliver industry -beating 
performance  across both the electric two -wheeler and three -wheeler segments through a growing 
portfolio of products, an expanding retail and service network, and continued investments in 
engineering, manufacturing and customer experience. Its strategic focus remains anchored in 
democratizing smart and sustainable mobility while delivering solutions that are Built for Bharat.  
 
*ENDS*  
 
About Greaves Cotton Limited:    
With a legacy of over 165 years, Greaves Cotton Limited is a diversified, future -ready engineering 
company delivering innovative and sustainable solutions to customers across key sectors. Renowned 
for its precision engineering and technology leadership, th e Company’s growth strategy is anchored 
on three core dimensions: accelerating its core businesses, building new muscle onto the core, and 
expanding into new horizons across Energy Solutions, Mobility Solutions, and Industrial Solutions.  
 
As one of India’s largest manufacturers of single -cylinder diesel engines, and a pioneer in introducing 
them for microcar applications in the European market, Greaves continues to reinforce its commitment 
to accessible, efficient, and reliable mobility. Th e Company also has a longstanding association with 
the Indian armed forces, with its products supporting a range of defence and naval applications, 
embodying its role in industrial advancement and nation -building. Guided by its purpose of 
‘Empowering Lives ’, Greaves is committed to providing reliable products, sustainable technology, and 
customer -centric solutions. With its strong engineering foundation and continuous innovation, the 
Company aims to enable people, businesses, and communities to progress wit h confidence in a future 
rooted in engineering excellence and driven by efficient energy.  
 
The investee companies of Greaves include Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML) with its diverse 
portfolio of electric 2 & 3 wheelers for passenger and cargo mobility, and Greaves Finance Limited 
(GFL) with ev.fin, a 100% EV focused NBFC that leverages cutting -edge technology to offer customised 
financing options & seamless buying experience. Both these businesses play a significant role in 
accelerating EV adoption in India.  
For more information, visit - www.greavescotton.com   
 
About Greaves Electric Mobility Limited:  
Greaves Electric Mobility Limited (GEML), the electric mobility business of Greaves Cotton Limited 
(GCL), is one of the first companies in India to focus on the evolving market of electric vehicles (“ EV”) 
and has been among the frontrunners at driving EV adoption in the country. With over 17 years  of 
experience designing and manufacturing electric vehicles, GEML serves both the electric 2 -wheeler 
and 3 -wheeler segments. GEML along with its subsidiaries, operates three manufacturing plants 
located in Hyderabad, Noida, and Ranipet. The company suppor ts its network through 400 dealer 
touchpoints across India, thereby aiming  minimal downtime and enhanced customer experience . 
GEML holds 8 India Book of Records* and 1 Asia Book of Records* titles, reflecting its focus on 
technology and design led innovative & durable mobility solutions . Subsidiaries MLR Auto Limited 
and Bestway Agencies Private Limited help extend GEML’s market presence. Committed to affordability 
 
 
and sustainability, GEML provides clean mobility solutions contributing to India’s shift toward electric 
transportation.  
 
**India Book Of Records:  
1. https://indiabookofrecords.in/longest -journey -by-a-city-speed -family -electric -scooter/  
2. https://indiabookofrecords.in/first -electric -scooter -to-complete -10000 -kilometers -in-a-single -
journey/  
3. https://indiabookofrecords.in/maximum -towns -cities -covered -by-an-electric -scooter -from -
kashmir -to-kanyakumari/  
4. https://indiabookofrecords.in/biggest -electric -scooter -brand -logo -drawn -on-the-white -
sands/  
5. https://indiabookofrecords.in/first -electric -scooter -to-tow-a-pickup -truck/  
6. https://indiabookofrecords.in/longest -distance -covered -by-electric -3-wheeler -on-single -
charge/  
7. https://indiabookofrecords.in/longest -distance -covered -on-a-single -charge -by-an-electric -3-
wheeler/  
8. https://evindia.online/news/ampere -nexus -shatters -limits -first-ev-scooter -to-conquer -13200 -
ft-shipki -la-pass   
 
**Asia Book of Records:  
1. https://auto.hindustantimes.com/auto/electric -vehicles/ampere -nexus -enters -asia-book -of-
records -with -kolli-hills-ascent -41770382115989.html   
 
For more information, please visit:  
https://greaveselectricmobility.com/  
For further information, please contact:  
tanya.yadav@greaveselectricmobility.com  
 
 