Happiest Minds Technologies Limited  
Regd. Office:  #53/1 -4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala, 
Bengaluru -560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co.  L72900KA2011PLC057931  
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700  
Website:  www.happiestminds.com  
Email:  investors@happiestminds.com
August  31, 2026  
Listing  Compliance  & Legal  Regulatory  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal  Street,  Mumbai  400 001 
Stock  Code:  543227  & 975101  Listing  & Compliance  
National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited  
 Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra  East,  Mumbai 400  051 
Stock  Code:  HAPPSTMNDS  
Dear  Sir/Madam,  
Sub:  Press  Release - Happiest Minds Technologies announces merger with ITC Infotech to create a 
scaled, AI First Global Technology Services Enterprise with US$ 1 billion Revenue by FY28  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,  
2015,  please find  enclosed a  copy  of the Press  Release  issued  by the Company on the captioned subject, 
the content of which is self‐explanatory . 
This is for your information and records.   
Thanking  you,  
Yours  faithfully,  
For Happiest  Minds  Technologies  Limited  
Praveen  Kumar  Darshankar  
Company  Secretary  & Compliance  Officer   
Membership  No. F6706  

  
PRESS  RELEASE  
Happiest Minds Technologies announces merger with ITC Infotech to create a 
scaled, AI First Global Technology Services Enterprise  with US$ 1 billion 
Revenue by FY281 
The combined entity will be a leading Indian IT services company with a differentiated 
portfolio spanning AI, digital and product engineering, cloud, data, cybersecurity, 
consulting, and industry -centric technology solutions  
Bengaluru,  Kolkata,  Seattle , New  Jersey,  and London,  August  31, 2026: Happiest Minds Technologies 
Limited (“ Happiest Minds ”) (NSE: HAPPSTMNDS), an AI First, customer -centric digital engineering 
company, today announced the signing of definitive agreements to combine its  business with ITC Infotech 
India Limited (“ITC Infotech ”), creating a scaled AI  First global technology services enterprise with US$ 1 
billion of annual revenue by FY281, 19,0001+ employees, serving 8001+ customers and operations across 
more than 301 countries.  
The proposed  combination  brings  together  two highly  complementary  organisations  with shared  values,  
strong  people -centric  cultures,  and a common  vision  of helping  enterprises  accelerate  AI led 
transformation.  The combined  company  will unite  Happiest  Minds'  strengths  in AI, digital  engineering,  
cloud,  data,  analytics  and cybersecurity  with ITC Infotech's  deep  expertise  in enterprise  transformation,  
SAP, Product  Lifecycle  Management  (PLM),  cloud, Industry 4.0 and industry -specific  technology  solutions.  
As part of the transaction, ITC Infotech will acquire an aggregate minority stake of ~22.1% in Happiest 
Minds from the Promoter and Promoter entities across two tranches for a total consideration of ₹1,330 Cr 
(average price of ~₹395/share).  Further,  the proposed  merger  will be effected  through  a share  swap , 
pursuant  to which  equity  shareholders  of Happies t Minds  will receive  25 shares  of ITC Infotech  for every  
81 shares  of Happiest  Minds  held by them . ITC Limited  will be the promoter  of the merged  company,  with 
a ~73.4 % stake . 
The proposed merger  is subject to the satisfaction of customary statutory, shareholder and regulatory 
approvals, including approvals from the Competition Commission of India, the relevant stock exchanges 
and the National Company Law Tribunal. The companies expect the transac tion to be completed over the 
next 1 5 months and will continue to operate independently until all approvals have b een obtained. The 
combined  company  will be listed  on relevant  stock  exchanges  post receipt  of all approvals.  
Ashok  Soota,  Chairman  & Chief  Mentor,  Happiest  Minds  Technologies  said “I am delighted  that upon 
the completion of necessary approvals and legal  formalities,  Happiest  Minds  will become  an important  part 
of a larger  organization  through  its merger  with ITC Infotech.  The two organizations  are aligned  on our values  
and shared  vision  for the future.  There  is very significant  complementarity  in our business  portfolios  which  
will ensure  synergy.   We believe  that ITC Infotech  is the best partner  for Happiest  Minds  to fulfil its destiny  
and we are pleased  that our team  will have a welcoming  new home .” 
1Pro-forma financials  
  
Sanjiv Puri, Chairman, ITC Limited & ITC Infotech , said, "Today marks an important milestone in the 
journey towards Happiest Minds becoming an integral part of ITC Infotech, subject to receipt of regulatory 
approvals. The coming together of our complementary strengths, deep domain expertise and future -ready 
capa bilities will further enhance our ability to deliver cutting -edge solutions across geographies. I am 
particularly encouraged by the shared values, people and customer centricity that define our organisations . 
We look forward to the invaluable experience, expertise and dedication of the employees of Happiest Minds 
as we embark on this exciting new chapter.”   
Joseph Anantharaju, co -chairman & CEO, Happiest Minds, said “The merger of Happiest Minds and ITC 
Infotech brings together complementary strengths towards creating a future -ready technology services 
organization. Combining our expertise across AI, digital, cloud, data, cybersecurity, product engineering, and 
enterpr ise platforms with those of ITC Infotech in enterprise transformation, SAP, engineering services, 
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) will enable us to deliver greater value to customers across geos and 
accelerate growth in high -demand industry groups. Beyo nd the strategic fit, this partnership is anchored in 
shared values, customer focus, and a commitment to innovation. Together, we are building a stronger 
platform for long -term growth and global scale. ” 
Venkatraman Narayanan, Managing Director, Happiest Minds,  said “ This transaction reflects a shared 
commitment to strong corporate governance, financial prudence, and long -term value creation. ITC Infotech 
brings the financial strength, scale, and stability of ITC Limited, one of India's most trusted business houses, 
and our combined financials lay a solid foundation to invest, grow, and compete globally. Equally important 
to me has been the spirit in which discussions between our companies were conducted — candid, respectful, 
and genuinely collaborative from the very fi rst conversation. That reflects a shared culture of integrity and 
mutual respect, and it gives me confidence that the people -centric values, entrepreneurial energy, and 
customer -first mindset that define Happiest Minds will not just survive this integratio n, but thrive within a 
stronger, more resilient, and truly future -ready enterprise .” 
  Strategic  rationale:  Creating  an AI First,  Agile  Always  Platform  
The proposed  combination  creates  an AI First,  Agile  Always  Platform  that brings  together  
complementary  strengths  across  five strategic  dimensions:  
- Scale:  A technology  services  platform  with approximately  ₹7,0331 crore s in FY26  revenue  and more  
than 19,0001 professionals,  enhancing  the ability  to compete  for larger  global  transformation  
programmes.  
- Capabilities:  Integration  of ITC Infotech's  enterprise  transformation,  SAP, PLM, Industry 4.0  and cloud 
expertise  with Happiest  Minds'  AI, digital,  cloud,  data and cybersecurity  capabilities  across  the entire  
enterprise  technology  value  chain.  
- Industry  Diversification:  The combined  company  will have  deep  expertise  across  CPG, Hospitality , 
Manufacturing,  EdTech,  BFSI,  Healthcare,  providing  a diversified  and resilient  revenue  mix. 
- Geographic  Reach:  A more  balanced  international  presence  with expanded  access  to North America 
1Pro-forma financials  
  
(~38%1) and Europe  (~31%1) while  strengthening  delivery  capabilities  around  the world.  
- Culture:  Both  companies  have  a strong  client -and people -centric  culture,  with a focus  on technology -
led transformation  and long-term  customer  relationships.  
 Revenue and Growth Opportunities  
The combined  company  expects  to unlock  significant  growth  opportunities  through:  
- Cross -selling  AI, cloud,  cybersecurity,  SAP, engineering  and infrastructure  services  across  a combined  
client  base of more  than 8001 customers.  
- Greater  participation  in large -scale  enterprise  transformation  and digital  engineering  programmes.  
- Expansion  of proprietary  platforms  and industry  solutions  into new markets  and geographies.  
- Accelerated  adoption  of Generative  AI and Agentic  AI solutions  across  industries.  
- Increased  collaboration  with strategic  partners  including  Microsoft,  SAP, ServiceNow,  PTC and leading  
cybersecurity  providers  and hyperscalers.  
 Combined  Scale  and Market  Position  
The combined  entity  creates  a powerful  platform  for the next phase  of growth,  bringing  together  
complementary  strengths  in AI, digital  engineering,  cloud,  cybersecurity,  enterprise  applications  and 
industry  expertise.  Positioned  to capture  the significant  opportunities  emerging  from  AI led transformation,  
the combined  entity  is expected to  achieve  US$1  billion  in annual  revenue  by FY28.  With  a shared  vision  
of innovation,  agility  and customer -centricity,  the new organisation  aims to become  the most  trusted  AI 
First transformation  partner  globally,  delivering  measurable  business  outcomes  while  creating  enduring  
value  for customers,  employees,  shareholders  and the communities  it serves.  
 
JM Financial Limited acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Happiest Minds and its Promoter  and 
Promoter entities. PwC and KPMG served as the financial and tax due diligence advisors respectively to 
Happiest Minds, while Khaitan & Co. acted as the legal advisor to the Company in connection with the 
transaction. The share  exchange  ratio was determined  based  on the recommendations  of joint 
independent  valuers,  PwC and Grant  Thornton.  
 
For further  details  please  refer  to the Investors  presentation  hosted  on the Happiest  Minds’  website  
[Investor Section ] 
 
 
1Pro-forma financials  
  
About Happiest Minds Technologies : 
Happiest Minds Technologies Limited  is an AI First, customer -centric  digital  engineering  company  
committed  to delivering  ‘Happiest  People.  Happiest  Customers’ . With  an integrated  approach  that spans  
from  chip to cloud,  Happiest  Minds  delivers  secure  and scalable  solutions  across  product  engineering,  
cybersecurity,  analytics,  and automation  platforms.  Happiest  Minds  brings  purpose  and precision  to every  
engagement,  helping  enterprises  solve  complex  business  challenges  and fast-track  their digital  evolution  
across  industry  sectors  such as Banking, Financial Services & Insurance(BFSI), EdTech, Healthcare & Life 
Sciences, Hi -Tech and Media & Entertainment, Industrial, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities, and Retail, CPG 
& Logistics.  
Happiest  Minds  has been  honored  by both  the Golden  Peacock  Awards  and the Institute  of Company  
Secretaries  of India  (ICSI)  for its exemplary  Corporate  Governance  practices.  Guided  by its mission  of 
‘Happiest  People.  Happiest  Customers ’ and consistently  recognized  as a great  place  to work,  Happiest  
Minds  is headquartered  in Bengaluru,  India,  with a global  presence  across  the Americas,  UK, Europe,  
Australia,  the Middle  East, Africa,  and Asia.  
About ITC Infotech:  
ITC Infotech is a leading global technology services and solutions provider, led by Business and Technology 
Consulting. ITC Infotech provides business -friendly solutions to help clients succeed and be future -ready, 
by seamlessly bringing together digital e xpertise, strong industry speciﬁc alliances and the unique ability 
to leverage deep domain expertise from ITC Group businesses. The company provides technology 
solutions and services to enterprises across industries such as Banking & Financial Services, He althcare, 
Manufacturing, Consumer Goods, Travel and Hospitality, through a combination of traditional and newer 
business models, as a long -term sustainable partner.  
For more information, please visit: http://www.itcinfotech.com .  
 Safe harbor  
This press  release  contains  forward -looking  statements,  which  may involve  risks and uncertainties.  Actual  
results  may differ  materially  from  those  expressed  or implied  due to various  factors  including  but not 
limited  to changes  in market  conditions,  technological  advancements,  regulatory  developments,  and the 
overall  economic  environment.  Happiest  Minds  undertakes  no obligation  to update  or revise  any forward -
looking  statements,  whether  as a result  of new information,  future  events,  or otherwise.  
For more  information,  contact:  
Media  Contact:  media@happiestminds.com    
Investors  Relations:  IR@happiestminds.com ; 