 
 
 
HEG AM/SECTT/2026                                                                                                         September 29, 2026  
 
To 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
SCRIP CODE: 509631  To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block - G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
SYMBOL: HEGAM  
 
Sub:  Apportionment of Cost of Acquisition of Equity Shares  of HEG Advanced Materials Limited 
(formerly HEG Limited ) (“Company”) and HEG Graphite Limited pursuant to the Composite 
Scheme of Arrangement amongst HEG Limited and HEG Graphite Limited and Bhilwara Energy 
Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)  (“Scheme”) .  
 
Dear Sir/M adam , 
 
With reference to the cited subject, please find enclosed herewith, the communication being issued 
for guidance of the Equity Shareholders of the Company for apportionment of the Cost of Acquisition 
of Equity Shares of the Company , between the Company  and HEG Graphite Limited, pursuant to the 
Scheme in relation to the demerger of the Graphite Business (as defined in the Scheme)  of the 
Company , as approved by Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal , Indore Bench  vide its order dated 
August 13 , 2026. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours truly, 
For HEG Advanced Materials Limited  
(formerly HEG Limited)  
 
 
 
Ravi Gupta  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
FCS No.: 5731  
 
Encl.: A/A   
 
 
FOR THE ATTENTION OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF  HEG ADVANCED  
MATERIALS LIMITED (FORMERLY  HEG LIMITED)  
 
1. The Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Indore Bench, vide its order dated August 13, 2026 , 
sanctioned the Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst HEG Limited (“ Company ” or 
“Demerged Company ” or “ Transferee Company ”) (presently HEG Advanced  Materials Limited)  
and HEG Graphite Limited (" Resulting Company ") and Bhilwara Energy Limited (" Transferor 
Company ") and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) ("Scheme "). 
2. The Scheme inter alia  provides for : 
(a) the demerger, transfer and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking  (as defined in the Scheme)  
from the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company on a going concern basis , and issue 
of equity shares by the Resulting Company to the  shareholders of the Demerged Company, 
in consideration thereof;  
 
(b) the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company and  issue of 
equity shares by the Transferee Company to the shareholders of the  Transferor Company 
(except the Transferee Company itself), in consideration  thereof; and  
 
(c) various other matters consequent and incidental thereto.  
 
3. In terms of Clause 8 of the Scheme, following shares have been allotted on  September 11, 2026  
in relation to demerger . 
1 (One) fully paid -up equity share of INR 2 (Indian Rupees Two) each of Resulting Company for 
every 1 (One) equity share of INR 2 (Indian Rupees Two) each held in Demerged Company ; as on 
the record date fixed for the purpose i.e. September 7, 2026 . 
4. The above -mentioned demerger envisaged under the Scheme satisfies all conditions under 
Section 2( 35) of the Income -tax Act, 2025  ("IT Act ") and hence, the demerger is tax neutral in the 
hands of shareholders of the Demerged Company under the IT Act in view of the exemption 
granted under Section 70(k)  of the IT Act.  
5. Accordingly, for the purposes of the IT Act, the Resulting Company has been advised that for a 
shareholder which holds the shares of the Demerged Company as 'capital asset':  
a. the date of acquisition of the Resulting Company Equity Shares received by the shareholders 
of Demerged Company will be the date of acquisition of the original shares of Demerged 
Company as per Clause ( III) to Section 2( 101)(c)(B) of the IT Act.  
b. the cost of acquisition of the Resulting Company Equity Shares, as per  S. No. 14 of the Table 
under  Section 73(1) of the IT Act, shall be the amount which bears to the cost of acquisition 
of shares of the Demerged Company, the same proportion as the net book value of the assets 
transferred in the demerger bears to the net worth of the Demerged Company immediately 
befo re the demerger.  
c. the cost of acquisition of the original shares of the Demerged Company held by a 
shareholder, as per Section S. No. 15 of the Table under  Section 73(1) of the IT Act, shall be 
deemed to have been reduced by the cost of acquisition of shares of the Resulting Company 
as referred to in subparagraph (b) above.  
  
 
 
 
6. For the purpose of determining the cost of acquisition of the equity shares of the Demerged 
Company and Resulting Company (post demerger), the shareholders  are advised to apportion 
their pre-demerger cost of acquisition of equity shares in the Demerged Company in the following 
manner:  
Name of Company  % of Cost of Acquisition  of Equity 
Shares  
HEG Advanced Materials Limited (formerly HEG 
Limited)  27.60 % 
HEG Graphite  Limited  72.40 % 
Total  100.00%  
This communication is provided solely for the general guidance of shareholders, and it should not be 
considered a substitute for any independent opinion that shareholders may seek, and neither 
Demerged Company nor Resulting Company assume any express or im plied liability in relation to this 
guidance.  
Determination of cost of acquisition is otherwise an involved exercise requiring application of section 
90(7)  r. w. section 1 98 of the I T Act. Shareholders are advised to take necessary professional advice in 
the matter. The concerned regulatory, statutory or judicial authority, including any assessing officer / 
appropriate appellate authority, could take a different view.  
Please note that if there is a change, including changes with retrospective effects, in statutory laws and 
regulations, the comments expressed in this guidance may need to be re -evaluated in light of such 
changes, however neither Demerged Company nor Resul ting Company undertake the responsibility of 
updating this communication at any time in the future.  