   
 
 
HEG/SECTT/2026                    23rd January, 2026 
1 BSE  Limited  
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 2 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
Sub: Transcript of Webinar on Update on Composite Scheme of Arrangement  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please refer to our Webinar on Update on Composite Scheme of Arrangement held on 19th January, 2026 at 
1600 hrs IST intimated vide our letter dated 13th January, 2026. 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Webinar on Update on Composite Scheme of Arrangement. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company i.e 
www.hegltd.com .  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
(Vivek Chaudhary) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT 
 
Demerger Update Webinar 
 
of 
 
 
 
On Monday, January 19, 2026 
 
Riju Jhunjhunwala, Vice Chairman, HEG Limited 
Basant Jain, Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited 
Manish Gulati, Executive Director, HEG Limited 
Om Prakash Ajmera, Group CFO, HEG Limited 
Puneet Anand, Group CSO, HEG Limited 
Ravi Tripathi, CFO, HEG Limited 
Ankur Khaitan, MD and CEO, TACC Limited 
Hiren Pravin Shah, MD and CEO, REPlus 
Salil Bawa, Group Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 
Navin B. Agrawal | Head, Institutional Equities 
+91 98200 27446 |  navin.agrawal@skpsecurities.com 
 

Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for attending this virtual meeting. I'm pleased to welcome 
you on behalf of HEG Limited and SKP Securities to HEG Limited's demerger update webinar. We have 
with us: 
 Riju Jhunjhunwala, Vice Chairman, HEG Limited 
 Basant Jain, Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited 
 Manish Gulati, Executive Director, HEG Limited 
 Om Prakash Ajmera, Group CFO, HEG Limited 
 Puneet Anand, Group CSO, HEG Limited 
 Ravikant Tripathi, CFO, HEG Limited 
 Ankur Khaitan, MD and CEO, TACC Limited 
 Hiren Pravin Shah, MD and CEO, REPlus 
 Salil Bawa, Group Head, Investor Relations  
Friends, this virtual meeting is being recorded for compliance reasons. During the discussion, there may 
be certain forward-looking statements that must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces. We will have the opening remarks from the management, followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Jhunjhunwala.  
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Thank you, Navin ji. Good afternoon to all our shareholders and participants on the call. Thank you for 
joining us today and for your continued trust in HEG and the LNJ Bhilwara Group. Today's call is 
focused on our proposed composite scheme of arrangement, the demerger of our existing graphite 
electrode business into a separate listed company and the formation of a listed HEG Greentech company 
that will house our integrated clean tech business. 
A brief note before I begin. Certain comments may be forward-looking and are subject to market 
conditions and to the receipt of necessary regulatory and statutory approvals.  
Why are we doing this? Sharper focus and value unlock. We are at an inflection point where two strong 
franchises sit within one listed company, a mature cash-generating graphite electrode business and a fast-
scaling green tech growth platform. These businesses have different growth drivers, risk profiles, capital 
needs and valuation frameworks. The scheme is designed to unlock value for public shareholders by 
creating two focused listed companies, each with its clear strategy, governance and capital allocation 
discipline. In practical terms, the scheme is intended to deliver a clear value discovery as each business 
can be valued on its own merits or demerits, better transparency and capital allocation assigned to each 
business model, improved strategic flexibility wherein maintaining strong governance and promoter 
alignment. 
What the scheme means for you as a shareholder? Subject to approvals, the scheme proposes the 
following mechanics. Demerger of the existing graphite electrode business into HEG Graphite Limited 
and issuance of shares to HEG shareholders in a 1:1 ratio on the record date. Merger of Bhilwara Energy 
Limited which houses two of our hydroelectric assets with the existing listed company with the shares 
issued to BEL shareholders other than HEG, based on completely independently determined swap ratios 
reviewed by merchant bankers. Post implementations, HEG Graphite Limited will be renamed HEG 
Limited and the current HEG Limited will be renamed HEG Greentech Limited. The structure is designed 
to preserve continuity. You will hold shares in the legacy business of graphite electrodes through the new 
HEG Limited company and you will also hold shares in HEG Greentech representing the clean tech 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
3 
 
businesses.  
 
Understanding HEG Greentech and integrated clean tech platform in India's energy transition growth 
story: India's decarbonization and electrification agenda is accelerating at the adoption of by the 
renewable and energy storage, and in turn driving demand for battery materials and enabling 
infrastructure. HEG Greentech is being built as an integrated clean tech platform to operate across the 
renewable energy and battery storage chains, both growing at a fast pace.  
HEG Greentech, as you see below, will be operating across four synergistic pillars. First being the 
advanced battery materials. Over the last couple of years, India's renewable capacity additions have 
shifted away from standalone solar and wind projects to FDRE, RTC and storage led tenders, including 
standalone BESS driven by intermittent generation, peak versus off-peak differentials, phasing out of 
banking, tighter DSM provisions for renewables, supportive policy measures and falling battery prices. 
Battery storage is increasingly becoming a critical component of upcoming projects, both for utilities and 
for CNI consumers.  
India has also seen a very strong growth in EV penetration across segments with the government's agenda 
of making India more self-reliant in battery storage. A range of fiscal and non-fiscal measures are 
encouraging local manufacturers of batteries and associated value chain materials. More than 150 GWh 
of local lithium ion battery cell manufacturing capacity has already been announced in India.  
At HEG Greentech, we have identified advanced battery materials as a key growth pillar, starting with the 
establishment of a 20,000 tonnes per annum active anode material manufacturing facility. We intend to be 
high quality technology led anode manufacturer catering to multiple battery chemistries and to end users. 
To this end, we are working on silicon and graphene based doping solutions to enhance the existing 
anode performance.  
RE power generation, solar and BESS: Our investee company REPlus is a leading battery energy 
solutions provider with a broad portfolio across the BESS, EV and hybrid applications. REPlus has a 
highly automated 1 gigawatt cell-to-pack line which is currently being expanded to 6 GWh as we speak 
and it serves marquee customers across these segments. REPlus is creating a niche by indigenously 
developing smart battery and grid management solutions in partnership with leading academic institutions 
along with a cloud-based analytics platform. These capabilities can help improve performance, enable AI-
ML enabled insights from across the battery life cycle and reduce the levelized cost of storage. REPlus is 
well positioned to benefit from the rapid growth in storage adoption across segments, and is building 
tailor-made solutions aligned to global standards. It has also established an office in Dubai recently to 
serve a growing Middle East and Africa region where grid-scale storage deployments are scaling up as 
much as India.  
The third pillar being the renewable energy IPP: As mentioned earlier, India is moving from a standalone 
solar and wind to FDRE RTC projects with a large BESS component. Accumulative BESS capacity of 
over 250 GWh is projected across utility and CNI segments with annual installations expected to rise 
meaningfully over the decade. With REPlus' in-house technical expertise in energy storage solutions and 
a team with a track record of building and developing multi-gigawatt solar assets, we are building a 
storage-led IPP platform to capture the growing demand for firm and dispatchable renewable power. 
During the current financial year, we have secured an order for a 200 MWh BESS project in Gujarat. We 
have emerged as the L1 bidder for a 1000 MWh standalone BESS project in Maharashtra. We are 
focusing on standalone solar and solar plus BESS projects in both B2G and CNI, with a clear aim to 
deliver an equity IRR of anywhere between 16% to 20%.  
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
4 
 
The fourth business which is the pillar of our company to begin with is the RE power generation, the 
hydroelectric plants. We have two highly efficient run-of-the-river hydroelectric projects in Himachal 
Pradesh, Malana around 100 megawatts operational for 25 years, and AD Hydro 200 megawatts 
operational for 15 years, both delivering consistently an 80% high EBITDA margin. Both these projects 
are debt-free, eligible for renewable energy certificates and operate as run-of-the-river plants with 
approximately 3.5 to 4 hours of reservoir capacity, enabling peaking generation. These assets generate 
steady cash flows of approximately 300 crores plus annually, strengthening the platform's resilience as 
we scale.  
We have also signed a Conditional Agreement to acquire a 76 megawatt hydroelectric project in 
Uttarakhand and are in the process of securing all the necessary approvals. Subject to approvals, this 
could be a very attractive addition into our hydro portfolio. 
Roadmap, discipline and shareholder value creation: We remain committed to disciplined execution and 
transparent communications as the scheme progresses through the stock exchange and NCLT approvals. 
If approved, shareholders will have direct ownership in two focus-listed companies, one anchored in a 
global graphite electrode franchise, and the other positioned for long-term growth in India's energy 
transition, enabling clear value discovery and unlocked value over time.  
Thank you for your time. With that, I would just like to introduce to you the management team that is 
here today with us, and apart from them, others who are present with us who will be answering the 
questions.  
I am pleased to introduce Mr. Basant Jain, who is the CEO and the Joint Managing Director for the 
company. His resume speaks for itself. An ex-MD & CEO from Mahindra Susten. He's led clean tech 
portfolios including 6 plus gigawatt solar projects and 25 plus years of experience with leading large 
industrial companies. So, it's a pleasure to introduce you to Mr. Basant Jain. 
Mr. O. P. Ajmera, who is the Group CFO and CEO for the hydro and wind segment. Mr. Ajmera has 
been with the group from inception, I would say, and he has led the entire hydroelectric power business 
of the company, which has enabled us today to get to the Greentech platform.  
Mr. Ankur Khaitan, who is the CEO of the Advanced Battery Material, the anode project in the company 
called TACC. He has 17 plus years of experience with 12 plus years at HEG Limited in its graphite 
business. And later in the presentation, you will come to understand why that is very, very important in 
this particular framework that we are trying to work on.  
Mr. Hiren Pravin Shah, who's the CEO of REPlus, the Battery Energy Solution. He's a very, very 
passionate battery man, that's all I can say. 23 years plus in the battery segment and new energy solutions 
with having worked with pedigree companies like Panasonic and Delta and led ESS projects for Jio, Tata, 
AWS and Indian Oil. He breathes and eats, I think, BESS.  
You have Puneet Anand, who's the Group Strategy Officer, who is helping us create a very robust 
platform in terms of efficiencies on taxation, in terms of new business ideas. And Puneet's experience has 
been 16 plus years of experience. I think 14 out of the 16 being in Ernst & Young at very, very senior 
positions.  
Mr. Salil Bawa, who is the Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, Salil again, for helping Puneet and 
everyone at SKP organize this call. Salil would be based out of Mumbai, so he will be your point of 
contact for any information that you need from the company. He has had 25 plus years’ experience in this 
business with companies like DHFL, Edelweiss and Welspun.  
Mr. Karunesh Chaturvedi, who's the Head of the Corporate Affairs. He has over 30 plus years in 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
5 
 
corporate affairs and strategy, advocacy and government affairs. He's been the ex-Head of Corporate 
Affairs, Welspun India, Waree Group, etc.  
Ms. Indu Mehta, who is the Chief Sustainability Officer for the company. Her resume includes 30 plus 
years in sales and marketing across industries and has been a director with us in our other companies like 
Bhilwara Infotech, etc.  
 
And one of the newer members of the team, Mr. Ranjan Sarkar, who has a lot riding on his shoulders as 
the Chief Human Resource Officer for the company with 25 years in HR leadership in large Indian 
companies and MNCs, including being the Ex-President of HR in Exide Industries.  
So with that, I think I will end my part of the presentation, and I'm around for any questions or answers 
that we'll have after the presentation. With a promise to everyone that, you know, whatever we are trying 
to build over here in HEG Greentech is absolutely above board and will carry the legacy of the LNJ 
Bhilwara Group forward as its fourth pillar - textiles, graphite, power and now the new generation.  
So, Basant ji, Basant, over to you. I think Basant will do the talking from now and the rest of us are 
available on the call. Basant, please.  
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited:  
Thank you very much, Riju and a very good evening to you all. Thanks for taking out time. Riju has 
already given a good introduction. Let me just try to explain these businesses in a bit of details. As Riju 
mentioned, that we are building India's first technology-led integrated Greentech platform, which 
primarily focuses on storage as a technology and all other businesses around it.  
To begin with, one of the most promising businesses in which we see in our portfolio is our Advanced 
Battery Material vertical, wherein we are setting up a 20,000 tonne annual plant, which will produce one 
of the highest quality synthetic graphite material for lithium-ion batteries. As we speak, the plant is 
already at an advanced stage of construction near Indore.  
Apart from this, we are also, as Riju mentioned, that in the RE power present through hydroassets and 
storage-led IPP and battery energy solution through REPlus.  
In all three businesses, India is going to see a massive capacity addition over the next few years, and the 
reasons which Riju articulated, how India is decarbonizing its energy sector, trying to make India self-
reliant, and hence lithium-ion batteries, battery materials, battery storage solution, and then the RE IPP, 
they will all play a significant role, and we want to be a sizable player in all these segments. Next slide, 
please. 
Why anode material? As we all know that today, lithium-ion battery technology has overtaken any form 
of technologies, and it has emerged as one of the most promising technologies for storing the energy for a 
variety of reasons. One of the biggest reasons, of course, is the falling prices. The price is tumbling from 
$450 to now almost like $60, and that has led to the increased penetration. Because of the increased 
penetration of batteries across all segments, be it electric vehicle, battery energy storage, and hybrid 
applications, there is a significant increase in the anode material demand, which from current level stands 
at 1.5 million tonnes. As per the projections given by the leading research firms, this demand is likely to 
reach to about 4.5 million tonnes.  
Now, typically, 1 GWh of battery requires about 1,000 tonnes of anode material. That's the kind of thumb 
rule. Now, Riju you mentioned, India is going to see a capacity addition of almost 150 GWh over the next 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
6 
 
4 to 5 years' time. That will entail a demand of almost 1.5 lakh tonnes in India. Apart from this, a lot of 
global cell OEMs are also looking at manufacturers outside of China. As we all know, China today 
controls almost 97% of this synthetic graphite supply globally. From a de-risking point of view, all these 
European and American and even Asian vendors are looking at suppliers who can deliver high-quality 
anode material at a competitive price. And, we are here to set out and meeting this requirement.  
Apart from this, the PLI scheme, which mandates the domestic value-add starting from 25% to going up 
to 60%, these local Indian cell manufacturers will be required to source battery materials locally to meet 
this DBA. And we believe anode material will be the first one to be adopted in this direction. Next one.  
What is our right to win? This, I think, I already explained. We all know how Indian cell landscape and 
global cell landscape is going to be a factor for us to be confident about this vertical. Next one, please.  
What is our right to win? As we all know that we are one of the leading players in the graphite electrode 
space, having a plant which delivers these anodes at the world-beating cost structure. One of the most 
complex processes in the graphite electrode is graphitization. This is a process which entails a lot of 
technologically sophisticated process control. We are the ones who have perfected this art with the 
experience of 50 year plus in this space. 
The process for manufacturing the synthetic graphite for battery anode material is similar, if not same, to 
the process being followed in the graphite electrode. Even the raw material, which is required, is the 
same. Taking the expertise of our HEG Limited, we have decided to get the synthetic graphite 
manufacturing. What we did, we ensured, like in HEG, that have access to the best technology, which can 
help us compete with the Chinese. As we all know, the Chinese are already ahead in many aspects, but 
given our experience and expertise, we are very confident of ensuring that we also deliver the material 
which meets the requirement of the global OEMs. In this direction, we already set up a 200-tonne pilot 
plant almost two years back. Next slide.  
The idea behind setting up this demo plant was that how do we really make all these global cell OEMs 
comfortable? Because, we don't want a situation where we set up a plant and then we are sending the 
material for certification. It would have delayed the commercialization of the plant, of the material. So, 
this 200 TPA plant is absolutely identical in terms of process flow, and then the technology which is 
being used for this 20 kTPA plant, which is being built. The material produced by 200 TPA plant has 
been sent to almost over 20 leading global cell OEMs. These cell OEMs have tested our material. And, 
I'm pleased to say that the majority of these cell OEMs have been extremely pleased, happy with our 
material, both in terms of the material specifications and quality. Now, we are at a stage where we are 
now discussing with them, potentially, the terms for the long-term offtake. Next slide. 
There is a lot of innovation which is happening in the battery anode material. As everybody is chasing 
higher energy density and faster charging time, there's a lot of elements which are being added to the 
synthetic graphite. One of them is the silicon. We are working on manufacturing our own high-quality 
silicon material, which, if it is doped with the anode material, will increase the energy density by almost 
20% and also improve the charging time. Likewise, we are also at a very advanced stage of producing 
quality graphene, which again, if added to the battery anode, will further improve the charging speed and 
also prolong the battery life.  
In terms of a product mix, we will be catering to the price-conscious ESS segment and then the mid-range 
and high-range EVs, which are premium segments, where the energy density and charging speed is really 
the primary criteria. Hence, the silicon doped and graphene doped anode material will come into play 
here. Next slide, please.  
As you could see here in some of the pictures, this plant is spread across 100 acres, already at an 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
7 
 
advanced stage of construction. Overall progress of the project is 30%. Bulk of the procurement process 
is complete. 90% engineering is also over. We have built this plant with the aim of expanding it to 30 
kTPA within the same premises at a very optimal investment. This will further reduce our CapEx burden 
cost and also reduce our OpEx, thus enhancing our competitiveness. We aim to expand this overall 
capacity to 60 kTPA by FY32. This decision to invest this additional CapEx will be taken once we 
stabilize our initial 20 kTPA plant. Next slide.  
What is our go-to-market strategy? As I mentioned, our team is already in touch with almost every single 
cell OEM. Some of those names are supplying to the marquee electric vehicle EV OEMs, and even the 
companies which are making the batteries for all segments, whether ESS or hybrid. The team is already 
in an advanced stage of discussion with customers, which could potentially offtake 30,000 metric tonne, 
which is more than the capacity which we are setting up in Phase 1. Next slide, please.  
As I mentioned about graphene, we all know that graphene is known as a magic or wonder material. 
Apart from utilizing part of the graphene in our anode material to enhance its longevity and also improve 
the charging rate, graphene also has some unique applications. As we all know, graphene has a strength 
of almost 200 times than steel. It is one of the lightest yet strongest material available on earth. There are 
very interesting use cases of graphene, right from cement to the textile to paint, and as I mentioned, 
anode. We already piloted and experimented in cement and road infra where we got a very encouraging 
result. There is a very good economic case for doping a very tiny quantity of graphene, which improves 
the anti-corrosion properties of concrete and also reduces cement consumption significantly. In textile 
and paint also, there have been very encouraging results. Over the next few months, we will complete 
these testing and then we intend to set up a 4,000 metric tonnes of graphene derivative plant within the 
same premises where the anode plant is coming up. Next one.  
Battery energy solution: REPlus is a portfolio company which provides the battery energy solution. We 
all know how battery energy storage demand is going up, both in India and globally. As energy 
becomes… as more and more solar is deployed and people are finding it very difficult to really… or there 
is a massive surplus of daytime power due to excess solar capacity, solar is now becoming an integral 
part of all projects, whether it's in India or Middle East or even Western world. Next one.  
Even in the MEI region and Middle East, again, we have seen a multi-gigawatt hour (GWh) of single 
location project with the power backup ranging from 2 hours to 6 hours. There have been some cases in 
Middle East where 100% solar is being stored and then being discharged in the evening hour. At REPlus, 
we are fully focused on developing solutions, a plug-and-play solution, which will ensure the onsite 
installation time is reduced. A solution that can withstand all extreme weather conditions, whether it's 
India or even Middle East, where the ambient temperature goes up to 50 degrees Celsius. And also, 
ensure that the life of the battery installed is adequate enough for people to get the economic benefits out 
of their projects. Next one, please.  
As you can see here, we have already commissioned 100 MWh plus capacity, both within India, and we 
have done some marquee projects in Saudi Arabia and DRC, which reflects the confidence our customers 
have about our offering. We have over 2,000 MWh of capacity under execution in different parts of the 
world. As I mentioned, the India and MENA region remains a key focus area, and we already have an 
office in place in Dubai. And as we speak, we are already in discussion with all the Dubai-based IPPs 
who are working in both MENA as well as the other African countries, and soon we should be able to 
secure a good chunk of orders from these markets as well. Next one.  
In case of EV, as we all know how EV penetration has really gone up significantly in India. As we speak, 
the growth rate in the two-wheeler, three-wheeler, and busses and trucks, especially the 29.45 segment, 
it's 20% plus CAGR. And I'm pleased to share that today we have the AIS-certified battery pack for all 
these applications, and in many cases even certified by ICAT. And some of the battery packs 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
8 
 
homologated with the E-bus and three-wheeler and trucks. We see this as a massive growth area. And 
REPlus is well positioned to be a leading partner for the EV OEM player.   
 
In case of hybrid applications where, in most of the applications, the lead-acid batteries are paving the 
way for lithium-ion both from the price standpoint and overall life point of view, and also from the safety 
and, I would say, the overall energy standpoint. 
 
There are a lot of interesting use cases emerging now especially for cases like a data center where you 
need to have a very fast response in battery solutions. And we at REPlus are well positioned to cater to 
the needs of emerging segments like drone, data center and even telecom tower where most of the earlier 
installed lead-acid batteries are now being replaced and now lithium-ion batteries are now becoming a 
norm there. 
 
Here again we are the industry's first, in fact India's first battery solution provider where our packs are 
certified by TSEC that means we can sell our packs to some of those very demanding markets, even 
European market. And we are also working on solutions for the High C-rate batteries as I mentioned to 
you especially for the data center and drone applications.  
 
RE Power generation and Solar BESS: 
 
We all know that how the whole Indian RE landscape has changed. 
 
The chart towards your top right illustrates the current situation of RE in India. As you could see from 
almost 10 to 11 a.m. till 4 p.m. the RTM which is the real-time market for the renewable, the price point 
falls to practically zero, that means there are very few takers because of the mismatch in demand and 
supply. 
 
What is also concerning is that even though the prices have reached to a near zero level, the overall 
volume cleared in RTM market during these hours is only 20-25%. That has set the panic button among 
the utilities. So, if you see none of the utilities are now going for standalone solar projects anymore, and 
they are then being very reluctant to sign even the earlier awarded capacity. Because of this reason only 
because they are obligated to buy these units at whatever Rs. 2.50 plus where they are not able to find 
customers. 
 
So now almost every single project in the last 18 months if you see is now integrated with the BESS in 
minimum of two hours and in some cases even four hours and five hours as well. And even a lot of hybrid 
and RTC capacity has been auctioned which requires a significant chunk of BESS to be part of the overall 
project in our mix.  
 
In addition to this, we have also seen the DSM which is Division Settlement Mechanism charges going up 
significantly. Government is now making the DSM provision for RE almost at par with the thermal. That 
means if you do not deliver the scheduled energy, then you will be penalized in a heavy manner. Now in 
many cases the DSM penalty is very steep and in excess of Re. 1. What it means that all RE developers 
will have to forcibly integrate storage because you can't avoid the, I would say, intermittency of power or 
the availability in the weather. Hence the storage is the only way to go. And we all know the banking 
provision in almost every state is now going away because all discoms are now facing losses. So, they 
don't want to give banking as an artificial storage capacity. So, now there is more of a utility-based 
settlement. So, all these factors are driving the demand for BESS storage in a massive manner. 
 
Apart from this, as you know, there are a lot of policy tailwind. While ISTS waiver for the conventional 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
9 
 
RE is now being withdrawn by 2028 fully. But the Ministry of Power has kept the waiver extended for 
the standalone BESS up to 2028 and we believe it might be extended further to improve the penetration.  
 
There is a VGF provision also which has also led to the reduced cost of BESS for the discoms. 
 
There are market dynamics as I mentioned earlier that the battery pack price is falling and then as the 
ToD base, the banking provision moves away and then the discoms are ensuring that your RE capacity is 
limited to your connected load. So, without storage you can't really have a meaningful RE penetration. 
So, if I were to look at the standalone, pure solar is only 12% whereas with Solar + BESS you can go up 
to 63%. 
 
So, all these are factors which are leading to the higher adoption of BESS projects in India and globally. 
 
Now these I just now mentioned. So, if I were to look at even the economic case for it, if you look at the 
peak grid power rate which is after 6 p.m. and up to 10 p.m., it is invariably Rs. 9 in majority of the states. 
So, even if I were to look at the current solar rate and then the LCOS of BESS, you are in the money. So, 
the cost of Solar + BESS is lower than your grid power. And this grid power by the way is a brown power 
and then you get a green power at a price lower than the grid power. So, this is where most of the discoms 
and even C&I consumers primarily are now more and more inclined to have Solar + BESS to meet their 
requirement. 
 
As I mentioned that India will see an annual addition of close to 50-60 gigawatt hour per annum both in 
utility as well as C&I space.  
 
What is our right to win?  
 
We have a very strong IPP team. The team, some of the very senior people from Statkraft have joined us 
and we have also built a very experienced team over the last couple of months. We have a very strong 
technical know-how through REPlus and TACC to ensure that we choose the right kind of batteries. And 
the supply chain is, I would say, ensured through REPlus. So, all these factors gave us that extra edge 
over competition. 
 
Over the next five years, we intend to build a total portfolio of about 5.9 gigawatt hour in BESS and about 
3.7 gigawatt hour in the solar.  
 
And then the philosophy which you're going to follow here, as Riju said, that we'll target 16% plus IRR, 
which we are very confident using, given our expertise. And we will follow the capital recycling model 
because we don't see ourselves becoming a long-term asset owner in RE space. Once the project is 
stabilized, it is delivering the generations as per the design, then we will sell it to some of the InvITs so as 
to improve our overall returns going forward.   
 
In hydro, as I mentioned, we are one of the pioneers in this space. And then the performance of both 
Malana and AD Hydro speaks volumes about how the quality assets should be built. And these are today 
considered as a role model in Indian hydro energy sector. 
 
As Riju mentioned, we operate two plants, very high quality, delivering consistent EBITDA. We have 
proven a lot of naysayers wrong, where a lot of people said that we should really contract this capacity on 
a long-term basis. But the management at that time took a decision to keep this entire capacity on a 
merchant basis. And now we are reaping the dividend of this strategy.  
 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
10 
 
As we speak today, these projects deliver almost 370 plus crore EBITDA and a free cash flow of 300 
crore plus. I mean, these are all like, both the projects have a reservoir. So hence, we take advantage of 
generating during peak hour and getting extra revenue. 
 
This is a synopsis of the Capex, which we have planned over next three to four years. 
 
By end of FY27, we intend to deploy almost 4300 crores capital. Bulk of it is going in anode material and 
RE power generation. And then taking it to overall capex of 7700 crores. 
 
As I mentioned that while you see a big chunk of RE capacity coming here, but using a build and flip 
model or capital recycling model, we would like to minimize our capital outlay here. Assuming 3070 
capital structure, the total equity requirement comes to 2300 crore. Hence, we are well capitalized for this 
kind of growth plan, which we have set out on ourselves for next three to four years’ time. 
 
And thank you very much. With this, I will end my presentation.  
 
Now over to Riju and Salil and team, and then we open for questions. 
 
Riju, maybe you may like to open this floor for Q&A.  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
No, I think you've summed it up well. If I could just add a couple of things from the management side, I 
mean, from my side, the absolute vision, everything is absolutely clear in my head that we have to be 
following the highest corporate ethics possible we will maintain in this particular company, the best-in-
class team. So, every business that you are seeing that [40:55] just spoke about all the four different SBUs 
right now, although they sound like we have four different businesses within the company, but all four of 
them are being headed by very, very strong individuals who are the best in class in that particular 
segment. 
So, we will continue to focus on team building.  
 
R&D is one area that we would wish to spend a lot of money on as a company because contrary to our 
existing businesses of textiles, graphite, etc., R&D has to be a major portion if we have to stay ahead of 
the curve. 
 
So, I mean, these are the two or three guiding principles. And of course, the principle of scale on how to 
scale up this particular business is something that we will be looking at as four different SBUs operating 
within the confines of HEG Greentech as a company.  
 
So, glad to take any questions. I think we have all the CEOs of the existing businesses over here. So, glad 
to answer any question that anyone may have. 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Thank you, Mr. Jhunjhunwala and Mr. Jain. 
 
Q&A Session: 
 
Friends, we open the floor for the Q&A session now. Anyone wishing to ask a question, please raise your 
hand and we'll take it up. A request if participants could introduce themselves before asking the question. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
11 
 
 
We'll take the first question from Amit Lahoti. Amit, please unmute yourself and go ahead.   
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Hi, good evening team. This is Amit Lahoti from MK. Thanks for hosting this presentation. 
 
I have a few questions. The first one is that in slide 4, how do we arrive at promoter group interest of 
61.92%? Does it take into account the swap ratio given by the valuers? 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
I think, Puneet, you could answer that question.  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
Hi Amit, good afternoon.  
 
So, Amit, the shareholding of promoter has increased because the BEL which is getting merged, it is 49% 
owned by HEG and 51% was owned by promoters. So, they are letting their shares of BEL and in lieu 
they are getting shares of HEG Greentech per se. It is as per the swap ratio given by PwC and vetted by 
ISAC.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Right. So, what is the swap ratio here?  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited:  
 
It's 8:7. For every 7 shares, they're getting 8 shares. 
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Okay. The second question is the acquisition price for Phata Byung Power plant that you are about to 
acquire. So, when is it expected to get completed? And what is the acquisition price?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
So, acquisition price, if I can say that, I mean, that's kind of confidential between us and Statkraft right 
now, but I can tell you it's not anything very significant. In fact, we are getting a good value out of that 
because the project has a lot of built-in stuff in it when it comes to the tunneling and the material that has 
been ordered. 
 
So, I think we have to wait for the next four to six months for all the environment clearances, etc. to 
happen. And after that, I think we can quickly build the plant up in the next two and a half years. 
 
And it'll be up to us at that time to decide whether to keep it open as a merchant plant or to tie it up as a 
16% return on equity kind of fixed plant.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
12 
 
 
Okay, got it. And then few questions on TACC. How much CAPEX have we spent on this Anode project 
so far, given that our progress is currently at 30%? So, can we say 30% of CAPEX has been spent or it is 
a little more or little less?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
I'll ask Ankur to take that question. Ankur is leading TACC and the entire Anode project.  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
We have committed more than 50% of the Capex, which will be spent over the next 15 months now. And 
all the major commitments regarding the procurement is done. And of course, the engineering, which is 
also a very critical part of it, is completed.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Okay, so we have spent 50% already on this?  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
In terms of commitment, yes. 
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Okay, but in terms of actual cash outflow from the balance sheet, how much is that?  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited:  
 
In terms of cash outflow, it will be close to 30%, depending upon the various terms and conditions.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Yeah, right. 
 
The second thing, which I wanted to check on the same TACC project, the Capex per ton, which I 
calculated for 20,000 tons, works out to $12,500 per ton in terms of Capex intensity. And whereas the 
selling price for this Anode is about $7,000. So, this implies an asset turn of only about 0.6 times. So, 
with that economics, can we still make 20% ROCE or is it going to be little possibly aspirational at this 
stage?  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
No, it is not aspirational because when you see the overall market, then if you see the market outside 
China, because as we covered in the presentation as well, that today most of the market is concentrated 
within China. And when we are speaking with various companies outside China, which does not only 
include the Indian geography, but other geographies, including Europe, US and Asian markets, then they 
are very much willing to work with non-Chinese players. 
 
And with us having a very rich background in terms of graphite and carbon knowledge, as well as 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
13 
 
operational factors of that, today we are in very advanced discussions with the key players in the market, 
which gives us a very positive edge. So, all the demo plant material, which is going to the customers and 
the kind of responses in terms of both in terms of product quality, as well as willingness to offtake the 
material for the next five to seven years we are getting, is very positive. And it doesn't give us any reason 
to think that we would have any ROI less than what you have mentioned right now. 
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Right. So eventually we will be looking at a price hike from the current level of say $7,000 to $8,000. Is 
that what you intend? 
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
Yes, definitely.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Right. And the last question here is, from the perspective of demerger, that we have current consolidated 
net debt of about 500 crores for the entire HEG Limited business. So, how are we going to split this 
between the graphite business and the Greentech business at the time of the demerger?  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
I think Puneet could answer this. 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited:  
 
Hi Amit, I'll take this question. So, Amit, at the HEG level today, we are not on the debt side. Net, we are 
positive. The entire debt, which you see in the HEG balance sheet is primarily for the graphite business 
and it will go with graphite.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
So HEG Greentech, it's at a zero net debt initially, is that right? 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited:  
 
So technically, you can say yes, but all the debt which has been taken for TACC will go with TACC. 
Other than larger debt is towards the HEG graphite business.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
But could you quantify the amount what will remain in the graphite business in terms of either gross debt 
or net debt? 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited:  
 
So, I think it will be a net debt, it will still be a debt-free company if we do the division. So basically, 
HEG Greentech, it's a 750 crores amount committed by the board for TACC. Plus, they have certain 
surplus assets, which are being left in the company wherein the merger is going on with BEL. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
14 
 
 
Other than that, graphite will take the additional cash plus the investment, which is in GrafTech, and the 
working capital limits. So, since the scheme appointed date was 1st April 2024, so by the time it gets 
implemented, I don't see a larger portion of debt, which would be in HEG Graphite also.  
 
Mr. Amit Lahoti – MK:  
 
Got it. Thank you so much. Thanks for the answers.  
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Thank you, Amit. 
 
We take the next question from Dhananjai Bagrodia. Dhananjai, please go ahead.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
  
Yeah, hi. 
 
This is Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK Group. Thank you for this presentation. Just wanted to ask you, so 
the company which you're acquiring, the BEL one, which will be merging, what were the revenues of that 
company? 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
We didn't understand your question. Dhananjai, can you repeat?  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
BEL, which owns 49% of the company, what were the revenues of that? And what multiple would that be 
valued at?  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
So, the valuation is done by independent valuer, PwC. And BEL today has around EBITDA of 400 
crores, which is getting merged into this. 
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
And what value are you getting merged at?  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
At what value?  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited:  
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
15 
 
 
The value is around 3100 crores. 
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
So, around 8 times EBITDA.  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
Around 8 times EBITDA, you can say. But it also has some cash, so net cash, if you see, the numbers will 
be different. The entire calculation and the valuation has already been uploaded with the stock exchange. 
You can go through them.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Sure. And regarding the advanced battery material business, so if Anodes are going to be there, then the 
HEG standalone business and in this business, is that right? Or how will that be done by the management 
for Anodes going ahead?  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
So, what the demerger process is, we are only demerging the existing graphite business. 
 
The Anode business will be in HEG Greentech, which is housed in a separate entity, which is TACC 
Limited. That will remain in this company and BEL will get merged in this company.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Okay. But as a pure play, I know that will stay in the earlier business, right?  
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
No. 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
Puneet, you can put up that sheet of the HEG Greentech structure that I can quickly explain in one.  
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Puneet, if you can tell me which slide. 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
So, Dhananjai, just to reiterate, there will be two companies post the demerger.  
 
One will be the graphite company, which will have the 100,000 tons of graphite electrode business.  
 
And the second company will be HEG Greentech, which you see here.  
 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
16 
 
Under HEG Greentech, you will have four different entities.  
 
 TACC, which is 100% owned by it, which will have the active anode materials to start with. 
 
 Then the Solar + BESS IPP that Basant spoke about in which we are looking for the IPP and C&I 
kind of projects and we hope to do more than a gigawatt a year for the next three or four years. 
That is 100% again owned by HEG Greentech.  
 
 REPlus is the battery storage company where we will manufacture high quality BESS systems and 
implement them along with the EV solutions. That company is owned 74% by HEG Greentech 
and the balance 26% is with the founders of REPlus, who are continuing to manage that particular 
business along with HEG Greentech.  
 
 And then you have the two power plants, which are Malana and AD Hydro, which are 100% 
owned by HEG Greentech.  
 
So, HEG Greentech as a company owns 100% of the anode material, your IPP business, your hydro 
business and 74% of the battery manufacturing business. 
 
And HEG Graphite, as you are seeing on the right-hand side of the slide, has 100,000 tons of graphite 
electrode, which also we are increasing by 15,000 tons and a 10% strategic investment in GrafTech USA, 
which is the world's largest graphite electrode company.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Sure, sir, very well done. 
 
So, sir, anode and electrode, those will be considered even though they are the same operationally, will 
they be separate? 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
So, they are absolutely separate. HEG Graphite, our plant is situated in a place called Mandideep near 
Bhopal. And this new TACC plant is situated in a place called Dewas, which is near Indore. 
 
So, to understand what Basant was also trying to say that, you know, the core of the business, which is 
graphitizing - when you convert the carbon from graphite, that technology is something that inherently 
TACC as a company has inherited from HEG Limited. And we've actually taken physical people on 
board of TACC, who have had years and years of experience of managing graphitization. So, the 
companies will be totally separate. The locations will be completely separate. Yes, the same raw material 
will be bought for TACC and the graphite electrode, where we will definitely see some synergies. And 
the technology, although this is different, there you are producing long graphite electrodes, here you are 
producing carbon in the purest carbon form… in the purest talcum form, for lack of a better example. But 
nothing to do with each other except for, you know, common promoter shareholding. 
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
 
Also, Dhananjai, as I mentioned to you that it is similar process, but not same. The graphitization process, 
so that is where you know, we have an edge, you know, and that is what I said, it's a right to win. So, the 
process of graphitization here and here is pretty similar, you know, but then as Riju said, you know, here 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
17 
 
we are making those long, you know, those, you know, electrodes which are used in electric arc furnace. 
And then here, this anode material being in a powder form, you know, this goes in making the lithium ion 
battery anode.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Sure, this is very helpful. And lastly, what is the total Capex we require for all the HEG Greentech 
entities? 
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
 
If you see my slide, that the previous slide, you know, you just show that in our slide. So, this is where I 
explained that the, up till ‘27, we have set out a Capex outlay of 4,300 crore and by FY30 accumulated 
7,700 crores.  
 
Mr. Dhananjai Bagrodia – ASK Group: 
 
Okay, fine. Thank you so much and congratulations again. 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Thank you, Dhananjai. 
 
We'll take the next question from Abhishek Geta. Abhishek, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Yeah, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Yeah. Yes, loud and clear. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Yeah. Sir, on slide three, we see that we own 100% of TACC, but I believe we have done a 500 crore 
capital raise with Singularity, from Singularity in May of 2025. So, what is the status on the capital raise 
and at what valuation  did we raise that capital? 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited:  
 
Puneet, can you answer that? I don't think there are any valuation  over there, but if there is any difference 
you can explain that. 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
I'll take the question. So, Abhishek, I'll explain to you. We haven't raised money at the TACC level. So, if 
I just show you the slide, give me one second. 
 
So, if you see on the left, there's an entity called Bhilwara Energy Limited, BEL. So, the investor has put 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
18 
 
the money in this. They have given the premium on the valuation. They have put the money at around 
3600 crores in this company, whereas the company was valued at 3100 crores for the swap and they have 
invested 500 crores in this company. Since they are also sitting as a shareholder in this company, BEL, 
which is getting merged into HEG Limited, pursuant to that they are getting shares of the HEG Greentech 
Limited, if you see on this next slide. So, out of this public shareholder of 38%, 12% is the investor 
holding and the remaining 26% is held by HEG public shareholder. 
 
So, there is no dilution we have done at the SubCo level. The idea is to have the structure concretely in 
place so that tomorrow if we want to do an independent listing of fundraisers or any other entities, we can 
do that. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Understood. Another question was on the demand of 1.5 lakh tons of anode, if you could briefly segment 
that demand across categories if possible. 
 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
 
Ankur, you want to take this part?  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
So, yeah, thank you, Puneet.  
 
So, when we are talking about the Indian market, then today the Indian market is mostly coming on the 
ESS side, but there are players who are working across the chemistries on ESS as well as on the EV side. 
 
So, if we talk about absolutely on the short term, then of course the ESS is the fastest growing. But when 
we talk about the complete 120,000 tons of demand in India alone, then it would come both from ESS as 
well as EV side. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Okay, but in short term, what is like the demand number on ESS and EV? 
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
So, in short term, when we are talking about next couple of years, then the majority part would be on the 
ESS side because when the current companies which are coming ahead, they are focusing more on ESS 
side. And, of course, the demand is going to start less than about 35 to 40 gigawatts in India. It is going to 
grow very rapidly because just in the next 3 to 4 years all the plants which have done their research as 
well as development work over the years, and are going to come up with their respective capacities. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
And also, having said that, if I can add, Ankur, there's a large traction, there's a huge traction that we are 
seeing from the global markets, because now, you know, till now, like we mentioned that more than 90 to 
95% of the battery material - anode is coming from China. So, we are seeing a lot of positive 
development with all the European, US and other countries that manufacture cells or are having plans of 
manufacturing cells. They all want to buy their anode, which is around 15% of their overall battery cost. 
They want to split it between China and other countries. And if we talk about other countries, I think apart 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
19 
 
from Indonesia, we would be the only plant that would come up first as far as the anode product is 
concerned. So, I mean, and that is where our, you know, kind of focus is, is to sell more and more on the 
EV side. Because that is where the higher paying customer is, ESS customer is on the lower end of the 
side. So, our target is that 70% of our sales should be towards the EV side and only 30% towards the ESS 
side. And ultimately, try and sell as much of this product in India once the cell companies come on board 
in India, which is taking longer than this expected time. 
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited:  
 
Also, for EV and these higher applications…. 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Abhishek, may I request you to keep this as a last question, because there's a long list of participants 
waiting. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Okay. If there's room, can I ask one more question?  
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Yeah, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Another question was, so what are the cost advantages in, you know, India versus China for graphite 
anode? And, you know, what are like the cost economics of India versus China? And with, you know, 
Epsilon and Himadri also adding capacities, how do you see the, you know, demand panning out also, 
demand supply structure panning out? 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
Ankur, maybe.  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
So first I'll talk about the cost economics. So, when we're talking today, a very good part about Indian 
ecosystem is that right from the center to the state, there is a massive support by the government. So 
overall, when we see the economics, then on EBITDA level, we are either better or at par with China. The 
main component of the cost is the power cost. And again, because we are getting some very good support, 
both because of our own facilities plus having a good power tariff here, we are competing very well with 
China definitely at an EBITDA level. And when you talk about the overall supply situation in India, then 
the kind of demand we are seeing, we are talking about 120 to 140,000 tons. So, when we're talking about 
these kinds of numbers, then we don't see an issue with other competitors also coming up in India. 
 
In fact, it is good for the overall Indian ecosystem to have a larger capacity in India. Because when you 
go a little further with the cell companies, then the PLI scheme makes cell manufacturers mandatory to go 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
20 
 
up to 60% of the localized material. So, the more you have a local production, the more cell people will 
be encouraged to ramp up their capacities and be dependent on the local suppliers. So, it's a 
complementary situation, in fact, at this moment of time. 
 
Mr. Abhishek Geta – Analyst:   
 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Thank you, Abhishek. We'll take the next question from Jatin Damania. Jatin, please unmute yourself and 
go ahead.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Good evening, sir. And thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Sir, I just wanted to understand more on the BEL. If I'm not wrong, you indicated there's a 400% 
EBITDA, but earlier AD Hydro was a JV of BEL through a Malana. And lately, we purchased the 
remaining stake from a joint venture company. At what valuation did we do that acquisition?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
Ajmera ji, can you take that question, please, since you've been the architect of that side? I can answer, 
but I'd rather have you do that. 
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
Yeah. See, this 49% stake we have acquired from Statkraft with a valuation of precisely 1205 crores.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
1200 crores? 
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
Yeah.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
So that means you're valuing AD Hydro?  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
  
 
No, actually, let me explain to you. We had the first right of refusal with the joint venture agreement. And 
we exercised our right to acquire this stake at 49%, for 1205 crores.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
21 
 
Right. So, in fact, you are agreeing the value of near about 2400 crores for the AD Hydro. And when 
you...  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
Not for AD Hydro, it's a combined Malana and AD both put together, both the Hydro assets. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Both the Hydros? But, sir, BEL used to hold 100% in Malana and Malana used to hold 51% in AD 
Hydro, right?  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
No, sir, no, no. Always BEL had 51% only in Malana and Malana had 100% of AD Hydro. So basically, 
we had a joint venture with Statkraft, 51:49 in both the companies together. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Okay. So, now when you are valuing the entire company, when you divested or you raised that 500 
crores, valuing BEL at near about 3600 crores, which is a premium of 500 crores, does that indicate that 
the other four businesses, which is currently not generating any revenue, we are valuing that at around 
500 crores of revenue at this point of time? Is it fair to... 
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
No, actually, Hydro assets itself is valuing higher than what we have acquired.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
I'm agreeing that because BEL, when you divested or you raised 500 crores from Singularity, you 
indicated 3600 crores of the valuation for that BEL, where you have only two operating assets, which is 
Malana and AD Hydro, which is giving you 400 crores of revenue. And you are giving 8 times, which 
gives me about 30 to 3300 crores of the valuation. 700-800 crores is for your Solar, BESS and tech 
business. Fair to assume that?  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
Yes, you can assume that because tech was also valued at a particular valuation. 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
And you can speak about the cash in BEL, that we'll have to reduce from that.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
So, what is the cash in the book at BEL level?  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
22 
 
At that point of time, when the valuation was done, it was about 250 crore was lying in the company. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Okay. And, sir, once our entire Capex is done of 7700 crores across all the business vertical, what sorts of 
IRR one should look in the consolidated entity?  
 
Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, HEG Limited: 
 
I think it's a 4000 for 300 crores Capex. 
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
That's stage one and then after that, after the C&I projects, like Basant mentioned, I think we are not 
chasing  the regular IPP or the regular tenders that are coming every day. We are only targeting a 16 to 
20% plus kind of this thing, which will be led primarily by the C&I segment. So, if you see all the four 
different businesses combined together, we are aiming for a healthy at least 20% IRR across the four 
different businesses. They could delay from time to time or year to year. But on a steady flow basis, all 
the four business should be generating a healthy 20% IRR.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
And post the completion of the phase one, what should be a steady state EBITDA for us other than this 
400 crores that will generate from the hydropower?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
I think, Puneet, would you like to answer that or? 
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
 
Well, I mean, we haven't worked out the number we are, you know, because there are multiple things, 
you know, because we are following the asset recycling model. The EBITDA number and all will not be 
that relevant, you know, because bulk of the IPP assets are being, you know, I would say flipped. But if 
you were to look at now, out of these four businesses, REPlus will require a very limited capital. So there 
the best mode of, you know, gauging the performance is not IRR, but more like ROCE. And we believe 
REPlus will really generate a very healthy ROCE. And IPP business is more like an IRR game. 
 
And I agree with what Riju already clarified, you know, and then you can imagine that the hydros we are 
generating 300 crores plus cash and a 3070 crore plus kind of an EBITDA, you can then calculate there. 
And then the TACC business, we already mentioned that 20,000 capacity EST of 7,500 plus, and the 
Capex of 2,200 crore. So, one can calculate now the overall financials. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
I mean, sir, I agree with what you're saying, but since our capacity is going to start from FY27, which is 
the second quarter, definitely that will be, I mean, we're estimating that there could be some amount of 
the greater benefits will come from the BESS. Because when we generally talk to BESS players, they 
indicate about a Rs. 4 lakhs of EBITDA per megawatt. So, we are also working on the same number, or 
probably we are on the IRR side? 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
23 
 
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
 
When you say, sorry, Rs. 4 lakh rupees EBITDA per megawatt hour.  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Yes. For BESS. Is it fair to assume it or probably the numbers…?  
 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD & CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited:  
 
Well, honestly, I don't have the number handy with me. And I don't know whether Puneet or somebody 
else has this number, but we can come back to you on this. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Sir, last question, other than Singularity.  
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Jatin, may I ask you to join the queue, please?  
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Navin ji, last question. 
 
Other than Singularity, who are the other key investors who are invested in the BEL?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
So right now, we only have Singularity as the investor. And today, I mean, with the business plan that we 
have in place and showed you, I think we are very well funded because the cash that HEG is leaving 
behind, plus the surplus of the hydro assets and another 300-400 crores of EBITDA coming in the next 
one year or two, and 500 crores coming in from Singularity will give us enough equity for this, you know, 
around 5000 crores of investment. 
 
And later we will see, I mean, then your hydro assets will, then your, sorry, TACC will start performing 
and throwing out EBITDA, your IPP projects will start throwing out EBITDA, REPlus will start throwing 
out EBITDA. So, then we can, you know, we'll be in a position to decide, I think, in the next 12 to 18 
months, whether we need any outside funding or we can do without any outside funding. But I think 
today, I mean, Singularity is the only investor. 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
And in REPlus, who holds 26%?  
 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
 
REPlus was founded by Hiren, who's on the call right now. And between Hiren and their partners, they 
own 26% of REPlus. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
24 
 
 
Mr. Jatin Damania – Analyst:  
 
Sure, Riju ji. Thank you for answering all the questions. 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Thank you, Jatin. We'll take the next question from Rajesh Majumdar. Rajesh, please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst:  
 
Hi, good evening. Am I audible?   
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
 
Yes, you are. Please go ahead.   
 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst:  
 
So, I had a couple of questions. One was on the raw material. See, in the case of your core business 
electrodes, we have a raw material constraint due to which there can't be any global capex and there 
seems to be some kind of capacity constraint there. But what is the raw material here in anode? Is it 
calcium, petroleum, coke, coal, tar, pitch, any of the raw materials which are amply available in the 
market? Number one. 
 
And secondly, if you look at the China anode capacities, they are well over 3 lakh tons or 4 lakh tons. 
And so, what kind of competitive edge are we really talking about? Are we expecting something like 
ALM coming in the procurement process, which can give this kind of competitive edge? So, that was my 
first question.  
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
Yeah, thank you, Rajesh. So, coming to the first question that about the raw material. So, there is a slight 
difference between the raw material what we're using for anode and what we're using for graphite 
electrodes. So, while in graphite electrodes, the material used is 100% glycine.  
 
In case of anode, the material used is green. So, when we're talking about green, then we're talking about 
green needle coke, green petroleum coke.  
 
Now, as per today, we have evaluated all the major global players, whether it is European, American or 
Japanese. And we are qualifying our material based on different kinds of coke. 
 
Of course, there are a lot of Chinese producers as well. But in today's scenario, when we're discussing 
with various customers across the globe, there are a lot of players who want absolutely a non-Chinese 
source. So, we are prepared for that. But if somebody is agnostic, they are indifferent towards Chinese or 
non-Chinese and we are prepared for that as well. But coming to the level of quantities available in the 
market. So, the good part is that for green coke, the feedstock is completely different, the feedstock 
management is completely different. That is why as per the capacity is what we have planned now, as 
well as in the future, we are not seeing a big challenge in this. And with HEG experience over the last 50 
years, with HEG relationship with these companies over the last 50 years, we are very confident and we 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
25 
 
are very sure that after all our discussions, we are even able to have long-term agreements with them 
depending upon the kind of requirements we have for the cell companies. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst:  
 
And who are the suppliers of green pet coke, or which are the companies…? 
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
 
The supplier names are common for electrodes. Outside China, the suppliers names are common. In 
China, there's a slight difference but outside China the names are common. 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst: 
Okay. Yeah, second part you were addressing, yeah-yeah. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
So, second question, yes, when we are talking about, you know, the kind of restrictions in India, so it's 
not only about India but it is about a geographical restriction. Even today when we talk about countries 
like United States, then there are two very critical points which are coming here when it is coming to a 
non-China supply. You know, you must have read about foreign entity of concern and not only about 
foreign entity of concern restricts Chinese players even if they are manufacturing outside China. So, 
today while a Chinese player may be manufacturing in Indonesia or Morocco but if the entity is identified 
as a foreign entity of concern there will be more restrictions from the US players. And the restriction is 
not only in form of duty but the restriction is also in form of the kind of benefits the local cell players in 
US would be able to get. 
Point number two, that in India right now we are seeing a lot of momentum and a lot of support from the 
center towards pushing the lithium-ion value chain. Now, of course, in this there will be made various 
measures which will be tariff and non-tariff barrier. But it is too early to comment upon whether they are 
at the advanced stage or at their early stage. But all we can very confidently say is that the first step itself 
is very progressive with Indian government coming up to have a 60% mandatory localization. Of course, 
this is only the first step. Going ahead, we do foresee very progressive steps to be taken both in terms of 
BESS as well as in terms of anode materials in India. 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst: 
And I had one more question on graphene. So, I read about your initiatives, new initiatives. So, actually, 
there are nearly 40 plus companies who are startups in graphene globally. And there seems to be some 
company, companies rather, who already reached some kind of critical mass in terms of the scalability of 
production in these products. In which case, is it feasible to kind of acquire a company in this business or 
start a new capacity? I wanted your thoughts on that. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Rajesh, to keep it brief, I mean, we have evaluated almost all the startups which are today, our graphene 
work is going on for about 10 years. There are two things which give an edge in graphene - one is the 
cost point because when you just look at the numbers of graphene, the cost per kg is very, very insane. 
And we have used our own technology in order to write, to develop the synthetic graphite and we also 
have some natural graphite tie-ups. So, to develop the feedstock, to develop a consistent feedstock of low 
cost. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
26 
 
And second point is quality because in graphene even to supply to one particular application there can be 
10 types of different graphene. It is a very, very customized product because we are talking about wonder 
material, which is actually split, which is actually you're talking about just some layers of atoms. So, our 
edge is quality as well as cost. 
And, yes, we have evaluated a lot of companies but our focus is scalability because while R&D is, as Riju 
and Basant ji said, R&D is the engine but end of the day the whole thing revolves around the 
commerciability of the product on which today we are very confident on our product. 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst: 
And this is going to be my last question. So, addition going to be in flakes, CVD graphene or graphene 
flakes or what product exactly you're looking at? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited:  
Rajesh, this I cannot answer right now because we have a mix of technologies. So, on technology I would 
not be able to comment right now. 
Mr. Rajesh Majumdar – Analyst: 
Okay, thank you. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Thank you so much. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Rajesh. We'll take the next question from Devang Sanghvi. Devang, please unmute yourself 
and go ahead. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst: 
Am I audible? 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Yes, Devang, you are audible. Please, go ahead. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst: 
Yeah, thank you. This is Devang Sanghvi from Abacus. My first question is regarding the TACC 
company. How quickly can we optimize capacity utilization? And how do we start initially? At what 
utilization can we start for the first year, say FY28, or maybe Q4 when we are starting this particular 
plant? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Devang, in our business plan we do have in the initial times, in the initial couple of months we would 
have less than 50% but we are confident that within a year's time we would be able to ramp up beyond 
75%. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Okay. And what is the optimum we can reach for this particular plant? We can go to, 90-95? Is that a 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
27 
 
good number to take? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Yeah, we are well spaced within our capacity. So, definitely we can go above 95%. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Right, Sir. And in terms of the other two, the IPP company as well as the BESS, what can be the optimum 
topline for both these entities at full utilizations? Maybe a rough cut number for the same? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
You mean to say the BESS manufacturing that these..? 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Yeah-yeah, the 6 gigawatt that we are planning to go to. Yeah. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Maybe Hiren bhai, you want to? 
Mr. Hiren Pravin Shah - MD and CEO, REPlus  
Yeah. So, actually with the ultimate capacity I think we should be able to target ₹6000 crores. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
₹6000 crores for 6 gigawatt, right?  
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Now, just to put a caveat here, this is not just the sales of the pack but also we will be selling the 
solutions. So, it's like, for example, BESS, we are not just going to be a supplier of the pack but we are 
going to supply the entire container and we will also be system integrator. So, a lot of revenue will also 
come from there. So, 6000… 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Okay-okay. And in the IPP model what could be the optimum top line, similarly? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
So, as I mentioned to you, IPP business should not be seen from a topline perspective because it is more 
of an IRR game. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
IRR. Okay-okay. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Yeah, because we will be following the asset recycling model. At this juncture, we don't intend to be a 
pure play IPP like the rest of the folks. So, you should look at the kind of IRR we will deliver, which 
we've already indicated earlier. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
28 
 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Yeah, 20% plus, if I recall correctly? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
16-20 is the range we have. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Okay, 16-20. Right, Sir. And can you just break the CapEx year wise for all these entities going forward? 
Will it be possible? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Well, if you just go to that slide, I mean, look, your TACC after this investment of 2250, we might 
possibly expand it to 30,000. Okay, so there'll be some CapEx there. I think that sheet contains, you 
know. So, Puneet, if you just show that. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst: 
No, what I was coming to up till FY26 how much we have incurred? I think you said 30%. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Oh! Okay, up to FY26 how much we have incurred. Okay. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Yes. And probably what would be the second half CapEx or what would be the FY27 number 
accordingly? I was talking about those numbers. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
So, maybe, Puneet, maybe correct me. In case of the RE power generation we have not invested anything 
so far, any meaningfully, barring a very tiny amount. If you look at these four businesses, Anode 
material, as Ankur indicated, we have about 30% of this CapEx is incurred. Battery Energy Storage 
Solution, Puneet, about ₹50-₹60 crores, ₹60-odd crores. 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
₹65 crores CapEx. CapEx, yeah. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
And then RE power generation. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
CapEx not equity. 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
Only CapEx. Devang, I'll give you a broader number. See, anode in FY27 we'll spend around 80%-85%, 
balance will be retention money for the performance. The large amount will be invested because the plant 
needs to be LIVE by April’27, March’27. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
29 
 
On the REPlus, the Battery Energy Solution side, till date we have spent only ₹50 crores and the balance 
will be deployed by Q3 of FY27 because the capacity will be coming LIVE by Q3, Q2. 
On the RE generation solar BESS, one budget which we are doing and that needs to be LIVE by Q3 
FY27, the CapEx will be used. That will be roughly around ₹235 crores. The other CapEx, the balance 
CapEx, will be in mid of FY27-28. So, larger amount will be going after Q3 but anode it will be 90% or 
85% will be done in this financial year. I can't say the exact quarter by quarter because there are key 
milestones on the payment and the delivery. But on 4300, you can say by Q3 most of the amount will be 
deployed. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Right. And we had last time guided 30% EBITDA margins for the anode powder business. We kind of 
maintain that? 
Mr. Puneet Anand - Group CSO, HEG Limited: 
Yeah, we maintain that. That is for sure. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
That is for sure. And also in the power business, sorry not power, in the anode powder business, we are 
also looking out for some subsidy from government, lower power cost. So, has any progress happened on 
that side? 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Yes, I think that's what Ankur was mentioning also that when we compare ourselves, one of the major 
cost is power and we were trying to get good favorable power cost from the state and we have been able 
to get a very good rate, which I can assure you, I can't say the exact rate but I can assure you that it is 
probably much better than any Chinese or definitely much, much better than any European or American 
supplier would be getting which is why we are quite sure that on a per ton EBITDA basis we will be able 
to perform at around 30% with power being 30% of the cost itself. 
Mr. Devang Sanghvi – Analyst:  
Yeah, that is what I was coming to, yes. Well, thanks, Riju, it was very helpful. All the best for the 
projects.  
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Thank you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Devang. We will take the next question from Shubham Thorat. Shubham, please unmute 
yourself and go ahead. 
Mr. Shubham Thorat – Analyst: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Yes, Shubham, please go ahead. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
30 
 
Mr. Shubham Thorat – Perpetual Capital:  
Thank you for the opportunity. This is Shubham Thorat from Perpetual Capital. So, I just have a few 
questions on our legacy business, that is our graphite business. So, what kind of demand and supply 
situation are we facing there? And what are the growth drivers for that business going forward? 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
So, Devang, to be very honest, I mean, we had kept this call only and only very specific to the HEG 
demerger that is happening. So, we were not really talking about the existing graphite business. But I 
think if Manish is there on the call and can answer this question for everyone quickly, I think that will be 
great. Manish, are you there? 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Just give me a second, I will just check with Manish ji. Give me a second, please. Shubham, if you could 
just continue, I will just check and ask Manish ji to respond. 
Mr. Shubham Thorat – Perpetual Capital: 
Yeah. So, in the Battery Energy Storage business, so could you please clarify on the kind of business 
model that you are using there? Is this an SMB business or have we developed any kind of tech over 
there? 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Hiren, I think… 
Mr. Hiren Pravin Shah - MD and CEO, REPlus: 
Yeah. So, we have three business models. Actually, we start from design, then we do the engineering, we 
do supply and we also do installation and commissioning. So, as far as the large-scale BESS, utility-scale 
BESS projects are concerned, we do complete end-to-end design, engineering, supply, installation, 
commissioning and end-of-life treatment of the Battery Energy Storage Solutions. 
So, having said that, we do EPC business, turnkey EPC. We also take a scope of system integration and 
we also are looking at product sales. It will be these three business models which we will continue. So, a 
couple of minutes ago Basant Sir mentioned that the turnover that we are looking at, you know, at the 
apex production quantity of 6 gigawatt hour, so we are looking at something like ₹6,000 crores where we 
will also have a bit of EPC business that we do. 
In terms of technology, we have hands-on handles on the technology. As far as the battery cell-to-module 
and cell-to-pack is concerned, we have BMS, which is in-house, both slave as well as master. And then 
we also have developed USP in terms of Energy Management System because when we go to grid utility 
scale, Energy Management System is the most critical component for basically making the batteries work 
through the lifecycle. 
So, these are some of the advancements that we have done. Of course, the first and the most important 
primary aspect is the selection of the right cell and the selection of the right product for building your 
systems. Thermal management, liquid cooling technology, these are some of the other complementing 
components or complementing products which we have developed. So, this is what I can say as of now. 
But, yes, we are going to be a technological player in this ESS systems. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
31 
 
Thanks. Thanks, Hiren. I think Manish is here. Manish, if quickly you could take us through the current 
prospect of the graphite business because, I mean, the gentleman just asked that. So, it will be good for 
everyone to just know that very quickly in 2 minutes. 
Mr. Manish Gulati - Executive Director, HEG Limited: 
Yes, Sir, I will be quick because the agenda of this was demerger expansion. Shubham, you see, we are 
catering to electric arc furnace steelmaking. That's where our product is used. For every ton of, let's say, 
steel melted, 1.5kg of electrodes gets consumed. So, what is happening now is that more and more 
electric arc furnaces are coming in the Western world. Already, if you exclude China, it has already 
crossed 50%. 50% of all steel made in the world, excluding China, is from electric arc furnaces. And this 
is only increasing by the day because of decarbonization efforts there are no new blast furnaces coming in 
the Western world. Whatever capacity is getting added is getting an electric arc furnace. We as well as 
our peer group have a clear visibility. We know the steel plants which are being constructed, as we speak. 
So, we foresee a demand of about 200,000 tons. We know for a fact that nobody outside China is 
expanding. We have the technological edge, we know, we compete with Japanese and American, these 
European companies. So, we have a good standing. 
As a plant, this is the largest plant in the world ex-China. And as a graphite company, we are the 3rd 
largest company of the world. So, we have good cost control and cost competitiveness, I would say. And 
the demand which will come in the next 3-4-5 years or even later, so we'll be very well equipped to 
handle that. Even today, as we speak, our capacity utilization is between 85% and 90% and these are the 
worst of times which we are going through. So, we believe that when steel production increases, right 
now it's stagnating but when it increases, electric arc furnace steel will grow and HEG will be there as 
one of the very reliable suppliers. 
That's all from my side, Shubham. If you have any query, you can always give me a direct call but right 
now the purpose was different for this call. 
Mr. Shubham Thorat – Perpetual Capital: 
Sure, sure. 
Mr. Manish Gulati - Executive Director, HEG Limited: 
Yeah, Shubham, satisfied? 
Mr. Shubham Thorat – Perpetual Capital: 
Yeah-yeah, that's it. Thank you. 
Mr. Manish Gulati - Executive Director, HEG Limited: 
Thanks. Thanks. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Shubham. We'll take the next question from Rohan Baranwal. Rohan, please go ahead. Rohan, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. I'm Rohan from Arihant Capital. My question was on the BESS side. 
So, currently, if we see the tendering prices for the whole market is actually very competitive and the 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
32 
 
prices are a little bit lower side. That's why most of the peer groups, peer BESS manufacturers, are not 
able to get the tenders. So, how do you see these prices to be correcting going forward, Sir? 
And on the manufacturing capability side, as you already have an existing assembly like 1 gigawatt of 
capacity and adding up 5 gigawatts more, so will you be adding a container fabrication as well for the 
manufacturing side or will it be imported, Sir? 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Hiren. 
Mr. Hiren Pravin Shah - MD and CEO, REPlus: 
Yeah. So, first of all, the prices that we see in the market and the prices which are being discovered in the 
market, actually there's a lot of volatility, you know, as far as these prices are concerned. Today, almost 
everybody is taking prices from BESS manufacturers in China. And we all know that, you know, China is 
highly unstable and very volatile at this point of time. So, while we are going through this situation right 
now, I feel more or less in about 6 months to 1-year time this market will be extremely stable. We will 
see, you know, lithium prices and also the prices of the cells will, you know, stabilize. The demand also 
will in a way, you know, streamline because right now there is a demand supply gap. 
So, if you remember, just to give a little bit of background, 6 months ago the mining was stopped. CATL 
had stopped the mines for generating or for producing lithium bicarbonate. And because of that, a huge 
shortage was created. 6 months before that, there was excess production and because of that excess 
production they tried to do a correction. So, I believe that in the next 6 months this whole thing, the 
whole situation will get stabilized. 
Coming to the tenders and the tendering part, because of this volatility people are taking aggressive calls 
going by the traditional drop in prices which has happened. And some, you know, may be able to reach 
there but some may not be able to reach there. So, it is a dynamic situation is all I can say right now. But 
in 6 months to 1-year time you will see a lot of stability as far as ESS projects are concerned. 
Having said that, we have put 1 gigawatt hour of manufacturing capacity. We already have a hands-on 
experience by virtue of this. We have also figured out, you know, the components and we have also 
established a local ecosystem. And we are in the hard part of getting all the components and everything 
certified and, you know, achieved various certificates as well as credentials for our systems and solutions, 
both in EV as well as in ESS. So, the 5 gigawatt hour capacity will be catering to both EV and ESS. And 
having said that, even the container and the rest of the components will be developed locally. We will be 
doing the assembly of the containers locally within our factory. So, we will do cell-to-module, module-to-
pack and then eventually a container will be built up in our system. We will also have facility to do FAT 
test and then do the mass supply for these BESS projects. So, we are building a capacity to do end-to-end 
solution making for that. 
I hope I'm able to satisfy your question. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Definitely, Sir. One more question on the TACC side, the anode material side. So, on the raw material of 
the anode side, Sir, as electrodes require majorly the needle coke. So, is this same material which is 
required for anode manufacturing or like it can be done through GPC as well, Sir? Like what is the raw 
material for that, Sir? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
33 
 
Rohan, as we explained earlier that the requirement for anode is basically green coke. It can be green 
petroleum coke, it can be green needle coke. And we have the common needle coke suppliers whether it 
is US, Europe, or Japanese. And whether it comes to the Chinese suppliers, then we have them also. But 
again, in case of anode, it is very much not only on the quality of the material desired but even a 
customer's choice because there are several customers who require a non-Chinese material. So, we are 
well positioned to get the green material outside China as well. 
But specific question to your question, it is a green coke, whether it is needle or petroleum, both the 
material is green and not calcined. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Got it, Sir. So, what do we procure? Is it GPC? Because if we see… 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
GPC. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Yeah. Sorry? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited:  
Sorry, go on. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Yeah. So, for GPC, Sir, we see a huge competition coming from the Chinese battery manufacturers. So, 
how do you see on the raw material sourcing? Will it be conflicted by these Chinese manufacturers or 
what is the scenario, Sir? 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited:  
See, again, because we are procuring GPC as well as GNC and it is all directly linked with the customer 
requirement. When it comes to China then if a customer is agnostic of the material whether it is Chinese 
or non-Chinese, then we are able to procure both from China as well as outside China. And towards the 
business plan what we have made up to 60,000 tons, we are well positioned in terms of the capacities of 
coke which are available for the 60,000 ton final production. So, we do not see a challenge up to 60,000 
tons and, in fact, even beyond. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Got it, Sir. One last thing. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Rohan, we have already run out of time. In case there are any follow-up questions, please mail them to 
me. Thank you. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you, Sir. Thank you. 
Management: 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
34 
 
Rohan, we can connect separately. 
Mr. Rohan Baranwal – Arihant Capital: 
Sure, sir. Sure. Thank you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Friends, we have run out of time but there are two participants who have been waiting for some time and 
those will be the last questions from the evening. Nikhil Singh. Nikhil, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead. 
Mr. Nikhil Singh – Analyst: 
Hello? 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Yes, Nikhil, please go ahead. 
Mr. Nikhil Singh – Analyst:  
Sir, my question is on the BESS side, on the IPP side. Sir mentioned like we have some asset recycling 
model. Can you put detail around that? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Yeah. So, Nikhil, typically asset recycling means that once the project is fully in operation, I would say 
about 6-9 months of operational track record, that means the plant has demonstrated its performance and 
it is derisked from the execution standpoint. There are a lot of takers like you might have seen India has 
now a very thriving RE InvIT platform and the typical yield there is about 10%-11%. Now, those guys 
are the ones who are very, very hungry to acquire operational assets. So, we will build the top quality 
assets and then flip them to some of these InvITs or even some of the customers depending upon…There 
are enough, I would say, buyers in the market who want to really own these annuity-based projects. 
So, typically, anywhere between 6-12 months in post-commissioning is when we intend to divest these 
assets and monetize them. 
Mr. Nikhil Singh – Analyst:  
Okay. And on the battery side, so basically my question is that batteries are evolving technology like 
from lithium-ion to sodium-ion to solid-state batteries. So, do we see some risk in the anode business in 
terms of oversupply or market moving to different technology? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Ankur. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
(On mute) 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Sorry, Ankur, we can't hear you. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
35 
 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Hello, can you hear me now? 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Yeah, now we can. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Sorry. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
Ankur always goes mute when we ask him this question. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
So, no, actually when we talk about the anode space then anode for lithium-ion cells. So, lithium-ion cell, 
today when we talk about the market then the commitment of the market is anywhere between 8-10 years. 
Because, as Riju explained in the beginning, you know, our main target segment is electric vehicles. And 
when we talk about the electric vehicles, in Top 10, Top 20 OEMs in the world, they will not change their 
strategies in the short run, they will always look for advanced developments in the long run, which goes 
beyond 15 years, beyond 20 years. 
So, hence, for our 20,000 tons going up to 60,000 tons, we don't see a market per se challenge whether it 
is Indian geography plus our qualification in the export market, we don't see a market per se problem for 
the anode business. Of course, having said that, when we talk about the advanced carbons company, the 
reason this is a carbons company is because we are not just focused on anode for lithium-ion cell but we 
are into very advanced development of various carbon material, which will ultimately go into different 
kinds of new chemistries as well. So, we are also evolving with time and we will be well positioned for 
these new chemistries as and when they come. 
Mr. Nikhil Singh – Analyst:  
Okay. Thank you, Sir. All the best. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Thank you, Nikhil. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Nikhil. We'll take the last question for the evening. Jigar, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead. 
Mr. Jigar – Analyst:  
Hello. Am I audible? 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Yes, you are. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Jigar – Analyst:  
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
36 
 
Yeah. Thank you, management, for the presentation and accommodating the question, even if we are out 
of time. My question is based on the PwC valuation report wherein additional notes they have given the 
projection up to FY30 for various green tech segment businesses. So, if I just calculate it, roughly it is 
like ₹5,000 crore of revenue by FY30 with range of 20%-25% of EBITDA. So, I just wanted to ask what 
kind of major tailwinds or headwinds you see to that number? I believe that number might be 
conservative one, right? So, are there any upside surprises or downside risks? So, that I wanted to know 
from the management. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
I think Basant ji can answer that better but I think, as far as I remember, in the PwC report, I think we 
have taken only the REPlus, the Hydro and TACC numbers in place. We have not considered any growth 
in TACC. We had not considered our buying 50% of the hydro assets over there. This report was pre us 
buying the hydro assets at the very, very cheap cost. And I think we had not considered the IPP business 
over there.  
So, Basant ji, you can go ahead. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Yeah. So, you know, Jigar, the REPlus, as you know, what Hiren mentioned that we will be aiming 6,000 
but, of course, in the long run. But if you were to look at the entire BESS landscape in India, where the 50 
gigawatt hour per annum looks eminent, and even if we target I would say 10% of it, we're talking about 
5 gigawatt, 5,000 megawatt hour. And if I were to take on an average about roughly whatever, say, ₹60-
₹70 lakh of our own, our, I would say, value of it maybe it would be more. This itself gives about ₹3,500 
crores. So, point I'm trying to make that the REPlus will definitely have a lot of tailwind. So, you'll be up 
for surprise from REPlus in some time. 
And as Riju mentioned that we will expand our anode capacity also as we stabilize our first phase. So, the 
10,000 ton of capacity expansion looks very, very imminent at the same location at a much lower CapEx. 
And then the additional revenue coming in from, as he mentioned, 49% extra revenue coming from the 
acquisition from Statkraft  and GrafTech and then the IPP. So, there are a lot of tailwinds. So, I hardly see 
any headwind, honestly, why this number should not be higher. 
As far as EBITDA is concerned, I think this number should hold good across all our businesses. 
Mr. Jigar – Analyst:  
Yeah, thank you. Just one suggestion or maybe remark. In the presentation, there is a pre- and post-
scheme shareholding pattern for public holders of the HEG. May I recommend or may I suggest that we 
can also mention non-promoter existing HEG holders stake was like some 20%-25% in the Bhilwara or 
the sub-segment. Now, post-scheme, it might reduce to 18%. And because of the external investor, total 
non-promoter holding might be 38%; something like that. So, it might give an exact picture that there is 
no significant dilution but it is mainly from 22% to 18% for the existing non-promoter holder of HEG. 
Mr. Ankur Khaitan - MD & CEO, TACC Limited: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Jigar. 
Friends, that was the last question for the evening. I now hand over the webinar back to Mr. 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
37 
 
Jhunjhunwala for his closing remarks. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited: 
So, I think, I'll ask Basant ji to give his remarks for one minute and I'll follow up on that for the closing 
remarks. Basant ji, please. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Yeah, thank you. Thanks everyone. And very insightful questions and I think while we did try to respond 
to best of our ability but due to paucity of time if any one of you feel that you still have a few questions, 
feel free to reach out to SKP team and then get back. 
One thing I just want to reiterate that we are a group which want to grow in a very responsible manner. 
And what it means by responsible manner is both in terms of governance and also prudence. So, these 
will be two cornerstone of our growth. Businesses which we are now gotten into via green tech are all 
tech-led businesses. So, we will be a technology company while we will manufacture material or even 
BESS or making packs and all but everywhere we will embed technology. We are focused on creating 
solid IP. And there is a good chunk of money being kept aside to build a very, very strong R&D team. 
Hence, this is the only way for us to really be a significant player in these space and ensure that we don't 
really get commoditized in time to come. So, this is the assurance we just want to give all of you. Over to 
you, Riju. 
Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala - Vice Chairman, HEG Limited:  
Thank you, Basant ji. Thank you, SKP team. Thank you to all the investors. And last but not the least, 
thank you to all the management team that we have here. If you ask me, we are trying to run this 
company very differently to what we run the traditional manufacturing companies. There will be in times 
to come, in very close times to come, a very generous ESOP option for all our employees. People ask me 
as to how do I see myself running the company different to running a textile company? My answer 
remains the same. I mean, in a textile company I am the senior most person but the youngest person in the 
room. Over here I am the senior most person but probably one of the elder people in the room. So, we 
have to make room for, you know, kind of young leaders, young people who are well acquainted with 
technology, who can use technology, AI, etc., who have passion for running their particular businesses; 
the way Hiren has a passion for BESS, Ankur has a passion for graphite, Basant ji having a passion for 
excellence and for the IPP, etc., business, people like Ajmera Ji who've been with us for long in terms of 
adding more to the Hydro portfolio. Manish, of course, who is running the current graphite business. 
Puneet; who is kind of helping on strategy, And all the other people, Salil, etc., and apologies if I have 
missed anyone. It is one team right now working on delivering results on both sides; on the HEG 
Graphite side and on the HEG Green Tech side. 
So, to my mind, I see it as a very, very good opportunity for HEG shareholders to really, like I said in the 
beginning, to have their arm in both the pockets. As and when the company gets delisted, you will have 
shares of both the companies and, I think, we have very, very good long term plans to run both the 
companies in a very, very good manner under all the professional management that we have seen today. 
This was just to demonstrate to you that the depth of management that we have, despite the different 
businesses that we are trying to commit to, will 1.50.51. 
And like Basant ji said, I will just close on one remark that this will be responsible growth and ethical 
growth; something that the Group and the company has always known for. Thank you very much. 
Management: 
Demerger Update Webinar  `  
 
38 
 
Thank you, everyone, and have a great evening. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
On behalf of SKP Securities, thank you Mr. Jhunjhunwala and the entire leadership team at HEG for 
taking time out… 
Management: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
…and answering all the questions. And we look forward to hosting you for the Q3 results. Thank you and 
bye. 
Mr. Basant Jain - Joint MD and CEO, Bhilwara Energy Limited: 
Thank you. 
 
 
(END OF TRANSCRIPT)  
 
 
 
 
 