   
 
HEG/SECTT/2026                    5th May, 2026  
BSE  Limited  
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
Sub: Proceedings of the meetings of the unsecured creditors of HEG Limited convened pursuant to 
the directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Indore Bench (“Tribunal”) 
 
Ref: a. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 b. Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst HEG Limited and HEG Graphite Limited 
and Bhilwara Energy Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors under 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”) 
 
Respected Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“LODR Regulations ”), we are attaching herewith Annexure-A  as the proceedings of the meeting of 
unsecured creditors of the Company convened on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 4:30 P.M. through Video 
Conferencing (“ VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“ OAVM”), pursuant to the order of Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Indore Bench (“ NCLT”) dated March 26, 2026, for the purpose of considering, and, if 
thought fit, approving, with or without modification(s), the proposed Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
amongst HEG Limited and HEG Graphite Limited and Bhilwara Energy Limited and their respective 
shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Scheme”), the details of which were given in the notice dated March 31, 2026. 
 
The NCLT convened meeting concluded at 4:55 P.M. (including 15 minutes time allowed for e-voting post 
Meeting proceedings). 
 
Details of voting results along with the Scrutinizers Report will be submitted separately. 
 
Kindly take a note of the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Company Secretary 
A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com      
 
Encl: As above         
  
   
 
 
                                                                                                                                      Annexure-A 
 
Proceedings of the meeting of the unsecured creditors of the Company convened on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 
pursuant to the order of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Indore Bench  
 
A. Date, time and venue of the Meeting 
 
A Meeting of the unsecured creditors of the Company was convened on Tuesday, May 5, 2026 at 4:30 P.M.   
through Video Conferencing (“ VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“ OAVM”), pursuant to the order of 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Indore Bench (“ NCLT”) dated March 26, 2026. The venue of the 
meeting is deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company at Mandideep (Near Bhopal), Distt. Raisen - 
462 046, Madhya Pradesh. 
 
B. Proceedings in brief 
 
Mr. Ritesh Kumar Sharma, Advocate, chaired the meeting (“ Chairperson ”) of the unsecured creditors of the 
Company. Mr. Vivek Chaudhary, Company Secretary of the Company assisted the Chairperson in 
conducting the said meeting. 
 
The Chairperson introduced Directors, Auditors and other dignitaries present at the meeting and welcomed 
the unsecured creditors. He informed the unsecured creditors that the meeting was being held through VC/ 
OAVM, pursuant to the order passed by the Hon’ble NCLT and in compliance with the circulars issued by 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India.  
 
The Chairperson also provided various details to the unsecured creditors with respect to quorum, remote e-
voting, e-voting at the meeting, etc. The unsecured creditors were informed that pursuant to the order of the 
Hon’ble NCLT, Mr. S. Alam Khan, Practicing Company Secretary was appointed as the Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the process of remote e-voting and e-voting at the meeting.   
 
Further, the requisite quorum being present, the Chairperson called the meeting to order. With the 
permission of the unsecured creditors, notice of the meeting was taken as read.  
 
The Chairperson addressed the unsecured creditors present at the meeting and briefed them by providing 
background, rationale and salient features of the Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst HEG Limited 
and HEG Graphite Limited and Bhilwara Energy Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors 
under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Scheme”). 
 
C. Voting by unsecured creditors 
 
In terms of the Notice dated March 31, 2026 the following item of business was transacted at the Meeting 
through remote e-voting prior to the meeting as well as during the Meeting: 
 
Item 
No. Details of the Resolution/Agenda Item Resolution required 
 
1. Approval for Composite Scheme of 
Arrangement amongst HEG Limited 
and HEG Graphite Limited and 
Bhilwara Energy Limited Special Resolution i.e. Requisite majority as 
prescribed under Section 230(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
 
   
 
The Company had provided remote e-voting facility to its unsecured creditors to cast their votes 
electronically on the proposed resolution set out in the notice of the meeting from 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, 
May 1, 2026 to 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Monday, May 4, 2026. 
 
Further, the facility to vote on the resolution through e-voting at the meeting was also made available to the 
unsecured creditors who participated in the meeting but had not cast their votes through remote e-voting.   
 
D. Results of e-voting (remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting)  
 
Details of voting results along with the Scrutinizers Report will be submitted separately. 
 
The meeting then concluded with a vote of thanks by the Chairperson. 
 