   
 
 
        HEG/SECTT/2026                                                            July 29, 2026  
1 BSE  Limited  
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631  2 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG  
Subject:   Intimation to physical shareholder- Important Action Required- Update KYC Details and 
Dematerialize your  Shares of HEG Limited Before the Record Date for Allotment of Equity 
Shares of HEG Graphite Limited pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Company, 
through its RTA (MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited), is in the process of dispatching letters to equity 
shareholders holding shares in physical form. The communication advises physical shareholders to urgently 
update their KYC details and dematerialize their physical equity shares before the designated Record Date to 
enable seamless credit of equity shares of HEG Graphite Limited  (Resulting Company ) pursuant to the 
Composite Scheme of Arrangement.  
A specimen copy of the letter being dispatched is enclosed herewith.  
Kindly take the above on record.  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited  
 
 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Company Secretary 
A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
                         MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited  
                      179-180, 3r d  F loor,   DSIDC  Shed  
                                Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi - 110020                                                         Pho ne No : 011 -41406149, mail: admin@m csr egistrar s.com  
                                                                                           Website: www.m csregistrar s.com , CIN NO.U67120W B2011PLC165872       
 
          Date: - 29th July, 2026  
 
Folio no.   :  
No. of shares of Rs.2/ - face value:  
Company Name: HEG Limited  
Subject: Important Action Required – Update KYC Details and Dematerialize Your Shares of 
HEG Limited  Before the Record Date for Allotment of Equity Shares of HEG Graphite Limited 
pursuant to the Composite Scheme of Arrangement  
Dear Shareholder(s),  
We writ e to you in connection with the Composite Scheme of Arrangement ("Scheme") amongst HEG 
Limited  ("Company") and HEG Graphite Limited  ("Resulting Company") and Bhilwara Energy Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) and their respective shareholders and creditors und er Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
As you are aware, in terms of the Scheme, the Graphite Business (as defined in the Scheme)  of the 
Company will be demerged into the Resulting Company. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, eligible 
shareholders of the Company whose name appears in the register of members and records of the 
depository as on the Record Date shall be entitled to rec eive 1 (One) equity share of the Resulting 
Company for every 1 (One) equity share held in the Company, in accordance with Clause 8.1 of the 
Scheme.  
Pursuant to the Scheme and applicable provisions of the law, equity shares of the Resulting Company 
can be i ssued only in Dematerialized (Demat) form.  No physical share certificates can be issued for the 
allotment under the Scheme.  
Accordingly, all physical shareholders of the Company are requested to ensure that their KYC 
particulars are updated and Demat your shares well before the Record Date.  
Consequences of Non -Submission of KYC and Demat Details  
If you continue to hold shares of the Company in physical form and fails to update your KYC and/or 
cannot demat your shares before the Record Date and allotment pro cess:  
Your entitlement of equity shares in the Resulting Company cannot be issued in physical form  in 
accordance with SEBI Regulations. The shares allotted to you may be credited to a designated Escrow 
Demat Account maintained for this purpose.  
Subsequentl y claiming such shares would require completion of prescribed documentation, KYC 
compliance, and dematerialization and verification procedures with the Registrar & Share Transfer 
Agent, which may result in avoidable delay.  
Immediate Action Required  
 
                         MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited  
                      179-180, 3r d  F loor,   DSIDC  Shed  
                                Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi - 110020                                                         Pho ne No : 011 -41406149, mail: admin@m csr egistrar s.com  
                                                                                           Website: www.m csregistrar s.com , CIN NO.U67120W B2011PLC165872       
 
To ensure seamless credit of your entitlement directly into your Demat Account, you are requested to 
complete the following at the earliest:  
1. Open a Demat Account  
If you do not already have a Demat Account, kindly open one with any SEBI -registered Depository 
Participant (DP) of NSDL or CDSL.  
2. Update Your KYC  
Please ensure that your PAN, Aadhaar, address, bank details, nomination (where applicable), mobile 
number, email ID and specimen signature are duly updated with the RTA in accordance with the 
applicable SEBI circulars.  
3. Enclose the Following Documents  
Self-attested copy of PAN Card.  
Self-attested copy of Aadhaar Card  
Duly filled ISR -1, ISR -2 & SH -13 form.  
Original Cancelled Cheque  
5. Submit the Documents  
Please note, while the aforesaid deta ils are being shared, in terms of the Scheme, the Company will 
continue to hold the shares of the Resulting Company in trust for you. As and when the aforesaid 
details are provided, the Resulting Company will transfer such shares, together with all benefit s 
accrued thereon, to your relevant Demat account after due verification.  
Kindly send the completed documents to:  
MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited  
(Unit: HEG Limited)  
179-180, DSIDC Shed, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase -I, 
New Delhi – 110020  
Email : helpdeskdelhi@mcsregistrars.com  
Phone: +91 -11-41406149  
 
 
 
Recommendation – Dematerialize Your Existing Physical Shares  
 
                         MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited  
                      179-180, 3r d  F loor,   DSIDC  Shed  
                                Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – I, New Delhi - 110020                                                         Pho ne No : 011 -41406149, mail: admin@m csr egistrar s.com  
                                                                                           Website: www.m csregistrar s.com , CIN NO.U67120W B2011PLC165872       
 
You are advised to dematerialize  your existing physical shareholding in the Company at the 
earliest  by submitting your physical share certificates with your Depository Participant.  
Dematerialization of your existing shareholding will facilitate future transactions, eliminate risks 
associ ated with physical certificates, and ensure smooth receipt of all future corporate benefits.  
Your prompt action will help ensure timely and seamless credit of your entitlement under the Scheme.  
Thanking you,  
For MCS Share Transfer Agents Limited  
(RTA of HE G Limited)  
  S/d- 
Authorised Signatory  
Link for forms available at website i.e . www.hegltd.com : 
 https://hegltd.com/wp -content/uploads/2024/03/Cover -Letter -for-Website_KYC.pdf  
https://www.mcsregistrars.com/downloads.php  
  
 
 