 
11th  November , 2025 
Stock Code: BSE: 500696   
                     NSE: HINDUNILVR  
     ISIN: INE030A01027  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:   Intimation  of receipt of  copy of Order  of Scheme of Arrangement  obtained from the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal,  Mumbai Bench  
 
This is further to our  letter dated 30th October  2025, informing that the Hon’ble National  
Company Law Tribunal ( ‘NCLT ’), Mumbai Bench had sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement for 
demerger of the Ice Cream Business Undertaking, between the Company and Kwality Wall’s 
(India) Limited and their respective shareholders, under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the said NCLT 
Order dated  30th October , 2025  as well as the Rectification Order dated 6th November, 2025 
issued by NCLT.  
 
Certified cop ies of the above NCLT Orders are awaited.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records.  
 
Thanking you , 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Hindustan Unilever Limited  
 
 
 
Radhika Shah  
Company Secretary  & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A19308  BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
1 
 IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH-I  
CP (CAA) NO. 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA) NO. 142/MB/2025  
In the matter of the Companies Act, 
2013 ; 
AND  
 In the matter of  
Sections 230 to Section  232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and other  
applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013  
 read with Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and          Amalgamation)  
Rules, 2016;   
AND  
  In the matter         of 
    The  Scheme of Arrangement    
Amongst  
Hindustan Unilever  Limited 
 (Demerged Company) 
And 
Kwality Wall’s (India) Limited  
 (Resulting Company)   
And their  respective Shareholders . 
Hindustan Unilever  Limited     
[CIN: L15140MH1933PLC002030]     ... First Petitioner Company
              
Blacksoil Capital Private Limited    
[CIN: UI0505MH2025PLC437886]         ... Second Petitioner Company    
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
2 | 9 
                 Order delivered on 30.10.202 5 
 
     Coram: 
Shri. Prabhat Kumar        Shri Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey      
Hon’ble Member  (Technical)   Hon’ble Member  (Judicial) 
 Appearances :  
For the Applicant(s)  : Senior Advocate  Gaurav Joshi,  
Adv. Tapan Deshpande and Adv.  
Aekaanth Nair i/b. Cyril  
Amarchand Mangaldas .      
For the Regional Director (WR)             :  Mr. Bhagwati Prasad, Assistant  
Director.  
ORDER  
1. Heard the Ld. Sr. Counsel for the Petitioner Companies. Except otherwise 
stated, neither  objector has come  before this Tribunal to oppose  the 
Scheme  and nor has any party  controverted any averments made  in the 
Petitions to  the said Scheme . 
2. The present Scheme  is a Scheme  of Arrangement amongst  Hindustan  
Unilever Limited  (“Petitioner Company  No. 1”/ “Demerged Company”)  
and Kwality  Wall’s (India) Limited  (“Petitioner Company  No. 2”/ 
“Resulting  Company”)  and their respective Shareholders  under Section 
232 read with Section 230 and other applicable provisions  of the 
Companies  Act, 2013 (“Act”).  
3. The Board of Directors of the Petitioner Companies at their respective  
Board Meetings both held on 22nd January,  2025, have  passed 
resolutions  approving  the Scheme. The Appointed Date fixed under  the 
Scheme  is same  as the Effective Date which means  the date which is the 
first calendar  date of the month following  the month in which  the 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
3 | 9 
 conditions  and matters  referred to in clause 20 of the Scheme  have 
occurred  or been  fulfilled, obtained  or waived, as applicable,  in 
accordance  with the Scheme.   
4. The Sr. Counsel for the Petitioner Companies  submits that the Petitioner  
Company  No. 1 is one of India’s leading private sector companies  and is 
engaged in the business of manufacturing, marketing, distribution  and 
sale of fast-moving consumer goods. The equity  shares of the Petitioner 
Company  No. 1 are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange  
of India Limited. The Petitioner Company  No. 2 is a wholly  owned 
subsidiary  of Petitioner  Company  No. 1. The Petitioner Company  No. 2 
was incorporated to engage in the business of manufacture, marketing, 
distribution and sale of ice creams,  frozen desserts (both dairy  and non-
dairy), frozen snacks,  frozen vegetables and frozen  processed food of all 
kinds. The equity  shares of the Petitioner Company  No. 2 are presently  
not listed on any  stock exchange.  
5. The Rationale for the Scheme  is as  follows:  
a. Following the announcement by the Demerged Company’s parent  
entity, Unilever PLC,  of its intention to separate its ice cream  
business globally, the Board of the Demerged Company had 
undertaken  a comprehensive review and had decided  to separate the 
Ice Cream Business Undertaking in view of its different operating  
model, including differentiated  infrastructure for supply and 
distribution, capital allocation needs, distinct channel landscape  
and go-to- market strategy.  
b. After due consideration, the Board  of the Demerged Company has 
proposed to undertake  the separation of the Ice Cream Business  
Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme ) by way of the Scheme  which  
contemplates the Demerger of the Ice Cream  Business Undertaking  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
4 | 9 
 (as defined in the Scheme)  to the Resulting company, to create an 
independent  listed ice-cream company.  This would be in the best 
interests of the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company,  
and their respective shareholders, creditors, employees and other  
stakeholders on account of the following:  
(i) the Demerger will result in the separation of the Ice Cream 
Business Undertaking  from the Remaining  Business (as 
defined in the Scheme ), which will enable  these companies to 
sharpen focus on their respective businesses and strategies in 
pursuit of their respective growth  and value creation models;  
(ii) the Ice Cream Business Undertaking  (as defined in the 
Scheme ) operates  in an attractive high-growth category and 
has built iconic  brands  such as ‘Kwality Wall’s’, ‘Cornetto’  
and ‘Magnum’ and the Demerger would create a leading  
listed ice cream  company in India,  which will have a focused  
management with greater flexibility to deploy strategies  
suited to its distinctive operating model and market dynamics,  
to realise its full potential;  
(iii) the Resulting Company will have ability  to benefit from the 
portfolio, brand and innovation  resources and technical  
expertise from  the largest global ice cream  business enabling  
it to keep  winning in  the market space;  
(iv) the Demerger  will enable the Demerged Company to drive  
sharper  focus  in the business as it further  accelerates its play 
in high- growth demand spaces, strengthening its future  fit 
portfolio;  
(v) the Demerger would unlock value for all shareholders of the 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
5 | 9 
 Demerged Company and give them the flexibility to stay 
invested in the growth  journey of the Ice Cream Business  
Undertaking (as defined in the Sch eme); and 
(vi) the Demerger will facilitate a smoother transition for the Ice 
Cream Business  Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme ) and 
its people.  
6. The Petitioner  Companies submit that the Company  Scheme  Petition has 
been  filed in consonance with the order delivered on 11th June,  2025 in 
Company  Scheme  Application No. CA(CAA)142/MB/2025 and the 
Petitioner  Companies  have complied with all the requirements  as per the 
directions of this Tribunal. The Petitioner Companies further submits that 
the Petitioner Companies  shall comply  with all statutory  requirements, if 
any, as required  under the Act and rules and Regulations  made  thereunder.  
The said undertaking  is accepted.  
7. The Sr. Counsel for the Petitioner  Companies submits  that the 
consideration as set out in clause 9 of the Scheme  and in the Share 
Entitlement  Ratio  Report issued  by the registered valuer  M/s. Deloitte  
India Valuation LLP, Registered Valuer supported by a Fairness Opinion  
issued by Kotak Mahindra Capital Company  Limited, being 
recommended as  being  fair is:  
“for every  1 (one)  equity share of face value of Re. 1/- fully paid up  
held in the Demerged  Company,  1 (one)  equity share(s)  of face 
value of Re. 1/- credited  as fully paid up in the Resulting Company ”, 
i.e. in the ratio of 1:1 (“Share  Entitlement Ratio”). ”  
8. The Regional Director has filed his Report  dated 8th October, 2025 
making certain  observations and  the Petitioner  Companies have, vide the 
Affidavit in Reply  to the Report of  the Regional Director, undertaken:  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
6 | 9 
 a. It shall protect the interest of creditors and employees, in accordance  
with the Scheme;  
b. It shall pass such accounting entries which  are necessary in 
connection with the Scheme to comply  with the applicable  
accounting standards / IND-AS;  
c. The Scheme filed with the Tribunal is the same as filed with the 
Company Scheme Application, with no discrepancy;  
d. Due service of notices  under Section 230(5)  was effected , and the 
authorities  may raise issues even  after approval; 
e. The Appointed  Date  under the Scheme is in compliance with the 
MCA Circular no. 09/2019;  
f. The Scheme has been  duly approved  by the requisite majority of 
shareholders, as directed by the Tribunal;  
g. It shall  comply with the directions of the Income Tax Department  
and GST Departments, if any, in accordance with law;  
h. The Scheme is in accordance with Section 2(19AA)  of the Income  
Tax Act, 1961;  
i. It shall  comply with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  and 
the observations  of the BSE Limited and the National  Stock  
Exchange  of India Limited in their  respective  observation  letters  
dated 14th May 2025;  
j. It shall comply with applicable rules, regulations and guidelines of 
the Reserve  Bank  of India, and rules, regulations and guidelines  
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act,  1999 and the FERA;  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
7 | 9 
 k. Both Petitioner Companies will service  their respective debts/ 
liabilities post effectiveness of the Scheme;  
l. It shall comply with Section 90 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
relevant rules thereunder, if these become applicable at any time in 
the future.  
9. We have  perused  the submissions made by  the Petitioner  Companies  and 
the report submitted by the RD as well as Registrar of Companies (RoC).  
The Petitioner Companies  will comply  with all the undertakings given  by 
them  in their reply  filed to the ROC and RD. 
10. The creditors of the Ice Cream  Business Undertaking (as defined in the 
Scheme) shall be entitled to make claims  against the Resulting Company  
and in terms  of Clause 6.2 of the Scheme,  any claims,  liabilities  or 
demands of such creditors raised or received  after the Effective Date but 
arising out of the activities or operations of the Ice Cream Business  
Undertaking, irrespective of whether it relates to the period before or after 
the Effective Date, shall be deem ed to be part of the Ice Cream  Business 
Undertaking and shall consequently  be entirely  borne by the Resulting  
Company.  However, we consider it appropriate to direct the Demerged 
Company  to make  necessary  arrangements so as to ensure that the 
Resulting Com pany  is in a position to fulfil its obligations to the 
Creditors, being transferred to the Resulting Company  consequent upon  
this scheme.  Nonetheless, it is made  clear  that this shall entitle the 
Creditors, being transferred to the Resulting Company  consequent upon  
this scheme, to make  any claim  against the  Demerged Company.  
11. From  the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and reasonable  
and is  not violative  of any provisions  of law and is not contrary  to public  
policy. Since  all the requisite statutory  compliances have been  fulfilled, 
Company  Scheme  Petition No. C.P.(CAA)/201/MB/2025 is made  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
8 | 9 
 absolute in terms of the prayer clauses (a) and (b) of the said Company  
Scheme  Petition.  
12. The Income Tax Department will be at liberty  to examine the aspect of 
any tax payable as a result of this Scheme  and it shall be open to the 
Income Tax Authority  to take necessary  action  to deal with, in relation to 
tax or any other kind of obligations of Demerged Company  against the 
Resulting Company, as  permissible under  the Income  Tax Laws.  
13. The Scheme is hereby  sanctioned, with the Appointed  Date being  the 
same  as the Effective Date which means  the date which is the first 
calendar  date of the month following the month in which the conditions  
and matters referred to in clause 20 of  the Scheme  have occurred or been  
fulfilled, obtained or waived, as applicable,  in accordance  with the 
Scheme.  
14. The Registrar of this Tribunal shall issue the certified copy  of this order  
along with the sanctioned Scheme  forthwith.  The Petitioner  Companies 
are directed to file a copy  of this Order along with the sanctioned Scheme  
duly authenticated  / certified by the designated  Registrar  of the National  
Company  Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, with the concerned  Registrar  of 
Companies, electronically  in E-Form  INC-28  within 30 days from the 
date of receipt of the certified copy  of this Order and the sanctioned 
Scheme  by the Petitioner Companies.  
15. The Petitioner Companies are also directed to lodge the copy  of this Order 
along with the Scheme  duly certified by the designated Registrar of the 
National  Company  Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, with the concerned 
Collector  / Superintendent of Stamps  for the purpose  of adjudication of 
stamp duty payable, if any, within 60 (sixty) days from  the date of receipt  
of the certified copy  of this Order and the sanctioned Scheme from the 
Registry  of this Tribunal.   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH -I 
CP (CAA)/ 201/MB/2025  
IN 
CA (CAA)/ 142/MB/2025  
9 | 9 
 16. All concerned regulatory  authorities, stock exchanges and depositories  
(including  the National  Stock  Exchange of Indian Limited, BSE Limited, 
National Securities  Depository  Limited  and Central Depository  Services  
(India) Limited) are directed to act on a copy  of this Order along with the 
sanctioned Scheme  duly certified by the designated Registrar of the 
National Company  Law Tribunal,  Mumbai Bench.  
17. Accordingly, the present Company  Scheme Petition  No. 
CP(CAA)201/MB/2025 is allowed and disposed of .  
18. File to be consigned to records.  
 
 
 
              Sd/-                                                                        Sd/ - 
Prabhat Kumar                                   Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey  
Member ( Technical)                            Member  (Judicial)  
 
  
 
 
 
*** 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
COURT ROOM NO. 1, 
MUMBAI BENCH 
Item No. 38 
 
COMP.APPL/321( MB)2025 In C.P.(CAA)/201(MB)2025 IN 
C.A.(CAA)/142(MB)2025  
CORAM: 
SH. PRABHAT KUMAR            SH. SUSHIL MAHADEORAO KOCHEY     
HON’BLE MEMBER (TECHNICAL)    HON’BLE MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
 
ORDER SHEET OF THE HEARING ON 06.11.2025 
 
NAME OF THE PARTIES:  HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LIMITED 
 
Section 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013  
ORDER 
1. Ld. Counsel present but not marked his/her appearance in the attendance 
sheet/chat box. 
2. This Application is filed by Hindustan Unilever Limited (CIN: 
Ll5140MH1933PLC0020), who is Applicant Company 1/ Demerged 
Company and Kwality wall's (India) Limited (CIN: 
U10505MH2025PLC437886 who is Applicant Company 2/Resulting 
Company, under Rule 154 of the National Company Law Tribunal Rules, 
2016,  seeking following reliefs:- 
a. this Company Application be allowed; 
b. the Sanction Order pronounced on 30th October, 2025 passed in 
the Company Scheme Petition No. CP(CAA) No. 201/MB/2025 
be rectified by deleting the typographical / clerical errors / 
mistakes and substitution of the same with the corrections set out 

in paragraph 4 of this Company Application and issuing a 
rectified order; 
c. ad interim orders in terms of prayer clauses (a) and (b) above; 
d. AND for such further and other directions as this Hon'ble 
Tribunal may deem fit and expedient.  
3. This Company Application is filed under Rule 154 of the National 
Company Law Tribunal Rules, 2016 by the Applicant Companies, 
mentioned hereinbelow, to rectify certain typographical / clerical errors 
arising from an accidental slip or omission to be corrected by this  Tribunal 
by speaking to the minutes of the order pronounced on 30th  October, 2025 
("sanction Order") in the captioned Company Scheme Petition No CP 
(CAA) /201/MB /2025 ("Company Petition"). 
4. It is noted that the name of  Kwality Wall's (India) Limited   is wrongly 
stated at bottom of page 1 as “ Black Soil Capital Private Limited ” as 
Second Petitioner Company and further, the word “not” is inadvertently 
left out in the last sentence of Para 10 of the said order. On perusal of case 
records, the said submissions are found correct necessitating correction of 
these mistakes in the order dated 30.10.2025.  Accordingly, we consider it 
appropriate to modify the order dated 30.10.2025 in the following manner:- 
a. At bottom of page 1, name “ Black Soil Capital Private Limited ”  
shall be substituted by the name  “ Kwality Wall's (India) Limited”;  

b. In the last sentence of Para 10 of the said order, the word “not” shall 
be inserted between the words “this shall” and the words  “entitle the 
Creditors”. 
5. Rest of the order shall remain unaltered.  
6. In terms of above, COMP.APPL/321( MB)2025 is disposed of. 
 
 Sd/- Sd/- 
PRABHAT KUMAR      SUSHIL MAHADEORAO KOCHEY 
MEMBER (TECHNICAL)                  MEMBER (JUDICIAL)  
/Nitesh Puri Goswami/ 
  
