 
29th  November , 2025  
Stock Code: BSE: 500696   
                     NSE: HINDUNILVR  
     ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
 
Sub:   Frequently Asked Questions on  the Allotment of shares of Kwality Wall’s (India) Limited  
(KWIL) pursuant to the  approved Scheme of Arrangement between Hindustan Unilever 
Limited and KWIL and their respective shareholders under  Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  
 
Please find enclosed  FAQs on the captioned subject, the content of which is self -explanatory.  
 
This is also being made available on the Company's website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/investors/corporate- governance/demerger- of-ice-cream -business/  
 You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Hindustan Unilever Limited  
 
 
 
Radhika Shah  
Company Secretary  & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A19308  
 
Encl. as above  BSE Limited,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
                                                
 
  
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) on Allotment of KWIL shares pursuant to the 
approved Scheme of Demerge r 
 
     Key Information at a glance  
Scheme Particulars  Details  
Companies Involved  Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL  / Company ) and Kwality 
Wall’s (India) Limited (KWIL)  
Business Transferred  Ice Cream Business Undertaking of HUL  to KWIL  
Key Benefits  of the scheme  Creation of a leading listed ice cream company  in India with 
focused management having  greater flexibility to deploy 
strategies suited to the Ice Cream businesses’  distinctive 
operating model and market dynamics, to realise its full 
potential ;  
Brands Managed by KWIL  ‘Kwality Wall’s ’, ‘Cornetto ’ and  ‘Magnum ’ 
FAQs on the overall Scheme 
of Arrangement  Available at https://www.hul.co.in/files/faqs -for-the-
scheme -of-arrangement -amongst -hul-kwil-and-their -
respective -shareholders.pdf   
 
     Key Dates  at a glance  
Date of Incorporation of KWIL  10-01-2025  
Date of NCLT Order approving the Scheme  30-10-2025, read with Rectification 
Order dated 06 -11-2025  
Share Entitlement Ratio  1:1 
Face Value of KWIL Shares  Re. 1/ - each  
Effective Date  of the Scheme  01-12-2025  
Record Date  05-12-2025  
Allotment Date   On or before 29 -12-2025  
 
  
                                                
 
  
     General Information  
Q1. What is the Scheme of Arrangement between HUL and KWIL?  
Ans.   The Scheme provides inter alia  for:  
(i) the demerger of the Ice Cream Business Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) 
of HUL to KWIL on a going concern basis and in consideration, the consequent 
issuance of the equity shares of KWIL to all the shareholders of HUL in accordance 
with the Share Ent itlement Ratio  (as set out below ); and  
(ii) various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected therewith 
including, inter alia, the consequent reduction and cancellation of the existing 
shareholding of HUL in KWIL.  
The Scheme has been sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), 
Mumbai Bench  vide orders dated 30th October, 2025 and 6th November, 2025.  
Q2. What is the Effective Date of the Scheme?   
Ans.  The Scheme becomes effective on Monday , 1st December, 2025 . 
Q3. What is the Record Date for determining Eligible Shareholders?   
Ans.  The Record Date has been  fixed  as Friday, 5th December, 2025  for the purposes of 
determining the Eligible Shareholders (as defined in the Scheme) of  the Company  entitled to 
receive equity shares of KWIL in accordance with the Share Entitlement Ratio .  
  
     Share Entitlement  
Q4. How many shares of KWIL will Eligible Shareholders of HUL receive?   
Ans.  In terms of Clause 9.1 of the Scheme, t he Share Entitlement Ratio is 1: 1, i.e.  “for every 
1 (one) equity share of face value of Re. 1/ - fully paid up held in HUL, 1 (one) equity share of 
face value of Re. 1/ - credited as fully paid up in KWIL . 
In view of the above, the shareholders of HUL as on the Record Date , i.e. Friday, 5th December, 
2025 , will receive 1 equity share of KWIL for every 1 equity share held by them in HUL, upon 
effectiveness of the Scheme.  
  
                                                
 
  
Q5. Whether  KWIL shares  will be allotted if HUL shares are bought post comm unication  of 
Record Date ? 
Ans.  All the s hareholder s whose names appear in the Register of Members  including register 
and index  of beneficial owners maintained by  the Depos itories as o n the Record Date , i.e.  
Friday, 5th December, 2025  will be entitled to receive KWIL shares.  Any shareholder whose 
name does not appear in the aforesaid register s would not be entitled to KWIL shares.  
  
     For Shareholders holding HUL Shares in Physical Form  [Share Certificate]  
Q6. Can KWIL shares by KWIL be issued and allotted in physical mode  (Share Certificate) ?  
Ans.  In terms of Rule 9A of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014 and Clause 9 of the Scheme , all KWIL shares need to be allotted in  demateriali sed form 
ONLY .  
Q7. What is the process  for shareholders holding HUL shares in physical mode  to get KWIL 
shares ? 
Ans.  Shareholders holding share certificate (s) of HUL shares must ensure that  their :  
• HUL folios are KYC compliant  as per SEBI regulations , i.e. PAN, Postal address with 
PIN, Mobile number, Email id, Bank account details, Specimen signature and Choice 
of Nomination have to be updated in the HUL folio ; and 
• Demat account details  are shared  with  HUL or its RTA at the addre ss given below  
along with a copy of their  Client Master List (CML)  at least 7 days prior to the Record 
Date . 
For shareholders whose HUL folios are KYC compliant, the Company will dispatch an Option 
Form enabling  them to provide their demat account details  for getting credit of KWIL shares  
in dematerialised form . 
Q8. What if  KYC details are not updated in  HUL folios ? 
Ans.  Shareholders , who are hold ing share  certificates of HUL and whose KYC details are not 
updated, are requested to send the relevant ISR Forms  (ISR-1, ISR-2, ISR-3 or SH-13) 
supported by self -attested copies of PAN, Aadhaar, latest Address proof, CML and original 
cancelled cheque leaf of bank account  for the purpose of KYC updation  to the Company’s RTA  
at the address given below.  
 
 
 
                                                
 
  
Q9. What is a CML?  
Ans. CML refers to the Client Master List issued by the Depository Participant where 
Shareholders hold their demat account. The CML includes essential details such as Name, 
Demat ID, Bank account details, Nominee information etc.  
Q10. Where should  the ISR Forms be sent?  
Ans. ISR Forms for updation of KYC details can be sent t hrough any of the following modes:  
 
By Courier/Post  Via Email  Through Web Portal  
Hard copies to our RTA at  
KFin Technologies Limited,  
Unit: Hindustan Unilever  Limited   
Selenium Tower -B,  
Plot No. 31 & 32,  
Gachibowli Financial District,  
Nanakramguda,  
Hyderabad –cost 500 032.  Scanned copies to our RTA 
at einward.ris@kfintech.com  
provided they are sent 
through  the email id is 
registered in the folio with the 
RTA.  
 Web -portal of our RTA 
at https://ris.kfintech.com  
 
Shareholders can also download the relevant ISR Forms from the following website s: 
• Company’s website at : https://www.hul.co.in/investors/shareholder -information -
and-contacts/investor -service -requests/  
• RTA’s website at : https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx  
 
Q11. What if KYC compliance or demat account details are not updated within stipulated 
timeline?  
Ans.  Shareholders who hold share certificate(s) of HUL and who have not updated their KYC  
details  may note that their KWIL shares will be kept in a [abeyance / escrow ] suspense account  
of KWIL in electronic form  till such time t hey updat e their KYC details  in the HUL Folio and 
submit  the valid demat account  details to RTA  at the above -mentioned address .  
 
     For Shareholders Holding HUL Shares in Demat Form  
Q12. What is the action required from the shareholders who hold HUL shares in demat 
form?  
Ans. KWIL shares will automatically be credited to the demat accounts of Shareholders who 
hold HUL shares in dematerialised form.   
However, Shareholders are requested to ensure that their demat accounts are KYC compliant.  
                                                
 
  
     For Shareholders whose shares are transferred to IEPF  
Q13. What action is required if HUL shares are already transferred to Investor Education 
Protection Fund Authority (IEPFA)?  
Ans. If HUL shares are already transferred to IEPFA, then corresponding KWIL shares will 
also be credited to the IEPFA. Shareholders can claim these shares by filing  
two separate e -Forms IEPF -5 for HUL and KWIL respectively, post issuance of Entitlement 
Letter by the respective companies. Detailed process and documentation to claim 
unpaid/unclaimed dividends and/or shares from IEPF A is also available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.hul.co.in/files/hul -manual -for-shareholders.pdf  (Please refer to 
Pg.14 -19 of the Shareholder Manual).  
 Q14. What if  SRN of e -Form IEPF -5 is pending?  
Ans.  
a. For SRNs pending with Company: The Company will duly file the e -verification report 
(E-VR) with IEPFA in respect of HUL shares, subject to all documents submitted by 
the claimant being in order.  
Shareholders  / Claimants are hereby requested to  approach KWIL by quoting HUL folio 
number for obtaining Entitlement Letter  for corresponding KWIL shares.  
b. For SRNs under process or approved by IEPFA: Shareholders are hereby requested 
to approach KWIL by quoting HUL folio number for obtaining Entitlement Letter for 
corresponding KWIL shares.  
 
     Dividend Related  
Q15. What are the dividend rights attached to the shares to be issued by KWIL pursuant to 
the Scheme?  
Ans. Equity shares to be issued by KWIL to the Eligible Shareholders of HUL will rank  
pari-passu  with the equity shares issued by KWIL as on date, in all respects including 
dividends .  
Q16. When can shareholders expect dividends on KWIL shares issued under the Scheme?  
Ans. Upon  the effectiveness  of the Scheme , the Board of Directors of KWIL may recommend 
dividend in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  and the dividend policy 
of KWIL under applicable rules and regulations . 
 
 
                                                
 
  
     Listing & Trading  
Q17. When will KWIL shares be listed on the stock exchanges?   
Ans.  The process of allotment, credit, and listing of KWIL shares will be undertaken in due 
course, in compliance with the Scheme, Companies Act, SEBI Regulations, and other 
applicable requirements. As required under Securities and Exchange Board of India Master 
Circular dated June 20, 2023 bearing reference No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 , the 
statutory timeline for the listing and commencement of trading of shares of  KWIL is within  a 
period of  60 days from the  receipt of the certified copy of the orde r of the NCLT sanctioning 
the Scheme (in or around Q4 of FY26).  
Separate communication will be sent to the Shareholders  post the allotment and credit of  
KWIL  shares  are completed.  
Q18.What will be the cost of acquisition for determining the post -demerger cost of Equity 
Shares of HUL and KWIL?  
Ans. The details regarding the post -demerger cost of acquisition of Equity Shares of HUL & 
KWIL  will be communicated separately  once the process of allotment and credit of shares  is 
completed . The information will be hosted on the official websites of both HUL and KWIL , as 
well as disseminated  to the Stock Exchanges , for the reference of shareholders.  
 
     Special Initiative – Demat Drive for Shareholders  
Q19.  Is the Company offering any facility to shareholders for converting their physical 
shareholdings into dematerialised form?  
Ans.  To ensure hassle -free conversion of physical shareholdings into dematerialised form , 
Company  has engaged with HDFC for a  special Demat Drive  to assist HUL  Shareholders 
holding physical shares. The initiative provides:  
• For Shareholders in Mumbai, o n-site support at our Registered Office on  
3rd December 2025 ( 02:00 PM – 05:00 PM)  with representatives from Company  and 
HDFC - Depository Participant . 
• Shareholders outside Mumbai can either click on the links below or approach the 
Company for personalised support . 
https://hdfcsky.com/  (or) https://www.hdfcsec.com/invest -right -karo   
• Guidance for opening Demat accounts and completing dematerialisation formalities.  
• Document checklist for verification: PAN, Aadhaar/address proof, photo, cancelled 
cheque, original share certificates  and nominee details . 
                                                
 
 As a part of this drive, shareholders can choose between two account options  offered by 
HDFC : 
• HDFC SKY  – a simplified and digital app -based platform through which you will be able 
to open and manage your Demat and Trading account through a mobile app . Please 
note that there would be n o joining fee, and the first year Annual Maintenance Charges 
(AMC)  are waived off . From the second year onwards, a nominal AMC of ₹20/- per 
month will apply.  
• InvestRight 2 -in 1 Demat Account : a combined Demat Account with HDFC bank and a 
Trading Account with HDFC Securities. This option allows shareholders to get both 
online access and physical support at branch, whenever needed.   
Please note that, there would be n o joining fee, and the first year AMC is waived off . 
However, f rom the second year onwards, the AMC is ₹750/ - with a discounted rate of 
₹500/ - if at least one transaction is carried out during the year . 
This drive will e nsure that S hareholders are able to seamlessly convert their physical holdings 
in HUL to demat  and subsequently receive KWIL shares in demat form . 
 
     Support  
Q20. Who to contact  in case of any further queries  on allotment ?  
Ans. Shareholders may reach out through th e following : 
• Email to the Company:  Levercare.shareholder@unilever.com   
• Ph. No: +91 22 5043  2791 / 22 5043 2792  
• Email to the Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA):  Einward.ris@kfintech.com   
 
 
********************************  