 
 
August 24, 2026  
 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500850  The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th  Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400 051  
Scrip Code: INDHOTEL  
 
 
Sub: Press Release  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Further to our disclosure dated August 24, 2026,  intimating the approval  of the Board of 
Directors of The Indian Hotels Company Limited  (‘ IHCL ’/‘Company ’) to the Scheme of 
Arrangement  between Oriental Hotels Limited (‘OHL ’), the Company and their respective 
shareholders, for the amalgamation of OHL into and with the Company  and i n compliance 
with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith a 
copy of the Press Release titled “ IHCL and Oriental  Hotels Limited announce Merger .” 
 
The above information is also being made available on the Company’s website at  https://www.ihcltata.com/ . 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For The Indian Hotels Company Limited  
 
  
Melisa Alva  
Senior Vice President & Company Secretary  
Mem No: A34774  
 
Place: Mumbai  
 Encl.: a/a 
 
 
          
PRESS RELEAS E 
  IHCL  AND ORIENTAL HOTELS LIMITED  ANNOUNCE MERGER   
 
MUMBAI, AUGUST 24 , 2026 : The Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) , India’s largest hospitality company , 
today announces  that Oriental Hotels Limited (OHL)  will be merged with IHCL through a Scheme of 
Arrangement . The Scheme is subject to statutory  approvals  and clearances.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, IHCL  said,  “In line with our Accelerate 
2030 strategy of creat ing value, simplify ing the group’s holding structure and unlock ing the full potential of 
OHL portfolio including iconic assets  like Taj Coromandel, Chennai, Taj Fisherman’s Cove Resort & Spa, 
Chennai and Taj Malabar Resort & Spa, Cochin , the Boards of IHCL and OHL have today approved th is 
merger .” 
He added,  “The merger will drive long -term value creation by leveraging IHCL’s strong balance sheet to 
support strategic investments, including inventory expans ion and product enhancements further 
strengthening the premium positioning of the portfolio .” 
Oriental Hotels Limited  is an associate company of The Indian Hotels Company Limited. The company has a 
portfolio of seven hotels  with 825 rooms. This includes freehold assets : Taj Coromandel  -Chennai , Taj 
Fisherman’s Cove Resort & Spa  - Chennai and Gateway  Coonoor , and long tenure lease hold assets : Taj 
Malabar Resort & Spa  - Cochin, Vivanta  Coimbatore, Vivanta  Mangalore  and Gateway  Madurai.  Additionally, 
OHL has strategic investments in several IHCL group hotel companies in India and internationally including 
St. James Court, TAL H otels and Resorts Ltd, Lanka Island Resorts L td, Taj Madurai L td and Taj Karnataka 
Hotels and Re sorts L td. 
Mr. Pramod Ranjan, Managing Director & CEO, Oriental Hotels Ltd. said,  “IHCL, India’s largest hospitality 
ecosystem, has built a resilient and diversified business model anchored by a strong brand scape  that caters 
to the country’s diverse travel needs. The company has delivered seventeen consecutive quarters of record 
performance, achieving fourfold portfolio growth, sustained double -digit increase in revenue and 
profitability and strong return on capit al employed. The merger of OHL with IHCL will create significant value 
for OHL shareholders, enabling them to  now  participate directly in IHCL’s growth journey.”  

 
 
 
Mr. Ankur Dalwani, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, IHCL  said, “The Scheme of  
Arrangement  proposes a share exchange ratio of 25 IHCL shares for every  117 OHL shares  and is an all- stock 
transaction, with completion targeted in the second half of  FY2028  and Appointed Date of April 1, 2027. ” 
He added, “The merger will further simplify the group’s holding structure by increasing IHCL’s direct 
ownership across several entities, resulting in  two new operating subsidiaries . This will streamline 
governance, optimise overheads, enhance operational efficiency, and support our Accelerate 2030 
objective s.”  
Transaction Advisors  
For IHCL, P wC Business Consulting Services LLP acted as the Registered Valuer, undertaking the valuati on 
exercise and recommending the share exchange ratio. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited provided 
the Fairness Opinion, while Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas served as legal counsel.  
On behalf of O HL, SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants acted as the Register ed Valuer, undertaking the 
valuation exercise and recommending the share exchange ratio. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited 
provided the Fairness Opinion, and Kochhar & Co. acted as legal counsel.  
About The Indian Hotels Company Limited  
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) and its subsidiaries bring together a group of brands and 
businesses that offer a fusion of warm Indian hospitality and world -class service. These include Taj – the 
iconic brand for the most discerning travellers and ranked as  World’s Strongest Luxury Hotel Brand 
2026   and India’s Strongest Brand 2026   as per  Brand Finance ; Claridges Collection , a curated set of 
boutique luxury hotels merging elegance with historical charm;  Brij, an experiential leisure 
offering;  Atmanta n, one of India’s leading integrated wellness destinations;  SeleQtions , a named collection 
of hotels;  Gateway , full- service hotels designed to be your gateway to exceptional destinations;  Vivanta , 
sophisticated upscale hotels;  Tree of Life, private escapes  in tranquil settings and  Ginger, which is 
revolutionising the lean luxe segment.  
 
Incorporated by the founder of the Tata Group, Jamsetji Tata, the Company opened its first hotel –  The Taj 
Mahal Palace, in Bombay in 1903. IHCL has a portfolio of 650 hotel s including 268 in the pipeline globally 
across  4 continents,  15 countries and over  300 locations. The Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) is India’s 
largest hospitality company by market capitalization. It is listed on the BSE and NSE.  
 
Please visit:  IHCL ; Taj; Claridges Collection ; Brij; Atmantan ; SeleQtions ; Gateway ; Vivanta ; Tree of Life;  Ginger  
 
For media queries, please contact:  corpcomm@ihcltata.com  