 
 
 
August 24, 2026  
 
 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500850  The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th  Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400 051  
Scrip Code: INDHOTEL  
 
 Sub: Disclosure of event  under Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’)  
 
 
Dear Sir (s), Madam,  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with sub- para 1, Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors 
(‘Board ’) of The Indian Hotels Company Limited ( ‘Company ’ or ‘IHCL ’ or ‘Transferee 
Company ’), based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Committee of 
Independent Directors,  has at its meeting held today  i.e. August 24, 2026, approved the 
Scheme of Arrangement between Oriental Hote ls Limited ( ‘OHL ’ or ‘Transferor Company ’), 
the Company and their respective shareholders , under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable regulatory requirements , for the 
amalgamation of OHL into and with the Company  (‘the Scheme ’).  
  
The Scheme is, inter alia , subject to the sanction of the relevant bench of the National 
Company Law Tribunal ( ‘NCLT ’), requisite approvals of the respective shareholders and/ or  
creditors of the Company and OHL, as applicable and as may be directed by the NCLT and 
subject to receipt of other requisite regulatory  (including that of the Stock Exchanges and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India) and statutory approvals , as required.  
 
The Scheme as approved by the Board would be available on the website of the Company 
after it has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges.  
 
 
 
 
The requisite details pertaining to the Scheme, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations  read with SEBI Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025- CFD- POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 
January 30, 2026, are enclosed as an Annexure.  
 This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For The Indian Hotels Company Limited  
 
 
 
Melisa Alva  
Senior Vice President & Company Secretary  
Mem No: A34774  
 Place: Mumbai  
 
Encl.: Annexure   
 
 
Annexure  
 
Details of Scheme of Arrangement between Oriental Hotels Limited and The Indian 
Hotels Company Limited and their respective shareholders  
 
SN Particulars  Details of event  
1.  Name  of the 
entity(ies)  forming 
part of the 
amalgamation/ 
merger,  details  in 
brief such  as, size, 
turnover  etc. Oriental Hotels Limited ( ‘OHL ’ or ‘Transferor Company ’) is a listed 
public limited company having its registered office at Taj 
Coromandel, No. 37, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, 600 034.  
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited ( ‘Company ’ or ‘IHCL ’ or 
‘Transferee Company ’) is a listed public limited company having 
its registered office at Mandlik House, Mandlik Road, Colaba, 
Mumbai 400 001.  
 
As on March 31, 2026, the Revenue and Net Worth (on audited  
standalone basis) of the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company are as hereunder:  
 
SN Name  Revenue  
(INR Crore)  Net Worth  
(INR Crore)  
1 OHL 500.7  480.5  
2 IHCL  5,640.16  12,766.95  
 
2.  Whether  the 
transaction  would  fall 
within  related  party  
transactions?  If yes, 
whether  the same  is 
done  at “arms  length”  The Transferor Company is an associate company of the 
Transferee Company . As on June 30, 2026, 37.05 % of the equity 
share capital of the Transferor Company  is held by the Transferee 
Company  (both directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries) . 
 
The transaction would fall within the purview of related party 
transactions as defined under the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
However, the transaction shall not attract the requirements of 
Section 188 of the Companies Act, pursuant to the clarifications 
provided in the General Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 2014 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  
 
 
SN Particulars  Details of event  
The consideration for the Scheme will be discharged on a n “arm’s 
length” basis the Share Exchange Ratio (as defined below) for the 
Scheme which is based on the valuation report dated August 23, 
2026 , issued jointly by PwC Business Consulting Services LLP  and 
SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants . Further,  Kotak Mahindra 
Capital Company Limited , an independent SEBI registered 
Category 1 merchant banker has provided fairness opinion vide its 
report dated August 23, 2026,  on the fairness of the 
aforementioned valuation.  
 
3.  Area  of business  of 
the entity(ies)  The Company  is primarily engaged in the business of owning, 
operating and managing hotels, palaces and resorts and its 
objects include acquiring and holding shares in any other company 
having objects in part similar to those of the Company, or carrying 
on any business capable of being conducted so as to directly or 
indirectly benefit the Company.  
 The Transferor Company is primarily engaged in the business of 
inter alia  owning, operating, and managing hotels, and the 
hospitality business.  
4.  Rationale  for 
amalgamation/ merger  The amalgamation pursuant to this Scheme would, inter alia , have 
the following benefits:  
 
(a) The Companies are engaged in similar businesses and 
have complementary portfolios, as the Transferor Company 
has a significant presence in the states of  Tamil Nadu, 
Kerala and Karnataka. The Amalgamation will create 
synergies amongst the businesses, and will facilitate a wider and stronger base for future growth;  
 
(b) The Scheme shall enable the business of the Transferor 
Company, by virtue of becoming part of a larger entity, to 
have access to the financial resources, management 
experience and expertise of the Transferee Company. The 
Scheme would thus enable the business of the Transferor 
Company to leverage the resources of the Transferee 
Company and facilitate operational and cost synergies, 
 
SN Particulars  Details of event  
asset management opportunities, rationalization, 
standardisation and simplification of business processes;  
 
(c) The Scheme is in con sonance with the strategy of the 
Transferee Company to reduce the number of operating 
entities under its holding, which in turn will lead to 
elimination of duplication, simpler management structure, 
better administration, rationalisation of administrative 
expenses, etc, consequently reducing costs of maintaining 
separate entities;  
 
(d) The Scheme will make it possible to achieve a full 
accounting consolidation and joint utilisation of financial resources which are independently available within the 
Companies, allowing standardisation in accounting policies 
and practices;  
 
(e) Due to the abovementioned business, operational and 
financial synergies, the Scheme will be beneficial to the 
public shareholders of the Transferee Company; and 
 
(f) The Scheme/ Amalgamation will provide the public 
shareholders of the Transferor Company with an opportunity 
to participate directly in the consolidated hospitality 
business of the Transferee Company through the Consideration Shares proposed to be issued pursuant to the 
Scheme and they w ould continue to play a part in the growth 
of one of India’s leading hospitality companies, i.e., the 
Transferee Company.  
 
SN Particulars  Details of event  
5.  In case  of cash  
consideration  – 
amount or otherwise  
share  exchange ratio Upon the Scheme becoming effective and in consideration of the 
amalgamation, Transferee Company shall allot equity shares, 
credited as fully paid- up to the members of Transferor Company, 
holding fully paid up equity shares in Transferor Company and whose names appear in the register of members of Transferor 
Company (other than Transferee Company and/or its 
subsidiaries) on the Record Date ( as defined in the Scheme) or 
to such of their respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representative or other successors in title as on the 
Record Date in the following manner:
 
 
“25 equity shares in the Transferee Company of the face value 
of INR 1/ - (Indian Rupee One only) each (credited as fully 
paid- up) for every 117 equity shar es of the face value of INR 1/ - 
(Indian Rupee One only) each fully paid- up held by such 
member in the Transferor Company” (the “ Share Exchange 
Ratio ”).” 
 
The existing shareholding of the Transferee Company and its 
subsidiaries in the Transferor Company shall stand cancelled 
and extinguished without any f urther act, instrument or deed 
immediately following the issuance of the equity shares in 
accordance with the above.  
 
6.  Brief details of change 
in shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity  The brief details of the shareholding pre and post Scheme are as 
follows:  
 
Transferor Company:  
 
Category  * No. of Shares & % 
of Voting Rights  
Pre-Scheme (as on 
June 30, 2026)  * No. of Shares & % of 
Voting Rights  
Post -Scheme 
Promoter & 
Promoter Group  12,23,81,465  
68.52%  NIL 
Public  5,62,17,715  
31.48%  NIL 
Total  17,85,99,180  
100%  NIL 
 
 
SN Particulars  Details of event  
 
Transferee Company:  
 
Category  * No. of Shares & % 
of Voting Rights  
Pre-Scheme (as on 
June 30, 2026)  * No. of Shares & % of 
Voting Rights  
Post -Scheme 
 
Promoter & 
Promoter 
Group  54,25,57,742  
38.12%  # 54,24,90,762  
37.50%  
Public  88,08,74,485  
61.88%  90,41,14,953  
62.50%  
Total  142,34,32,227  
100%  1,44,66,05715  
100%  
 
* On fully diluted basis  
# Post-scheme shareholding of the Transferee Company is indicative 
based on current shareholding held directly and indirectly through subsidiaries & associates and considering the terms of the Scheme .
 
 