 
IGL/SE/2026-27/47 
 
21st August, 2026 
 
The Manager (Listing)   The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001             Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                                            
 
Scrip Code: 500201    Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulations 30 and 42 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)- Intimation of fixation of i.) Effective Date and ii.) Record Date for 
Allotment of Shares pursuant to Scheme of Arrangement. 
 
This is in continuation of our earlier intimation dated 20th August, 2026 bearing no: 
IGL/SE/2026-27/45, wherein we had informed about the receipt of certified true copy 
of order of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj 
(“NCLT”) sanctioning the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited 
(“Demerged Company ”/ “the Company ”), Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (“ Resulting 
Company 1/EBL ”) and IGL Spirits Limited (“ Resulting Company 2/IGSL ”) and their 
respective shareholders (“ Scheme ”), under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) read with the rules 
framed thereunder.   
 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company vide their resolution 
passed by circulation on 21st August, 2026, has fixed: 
 
a. Tuesday, 1st September, 2026  as Effective Date of the Scheme, being the date on 
which the certified true copy of the order of the NCLT sanctioning the Scheme will 
be filed by the Demerged and each of the Resulting Companies with the Registrar 
of Companies. 
 
b. Wednesday, 2nd September, 2026 , as the Record Date in consultation with both 
the Resulting Company 1 and Resulting Company 2 for the purpose of 
determining the shareholders of the Company, to whom the shares of Resulting 
Company 1 and Resulting Company 2 will be allotted in following manner: 
 
 
i. Resulting Company 1  shall issue 1 (One) Equity Share having face value of 
INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each, to the shareholders of Demerged Company 
holding 3 (Three) Equity Shares of INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each. 
 
ii. Resulting Company 2  shall issue 1 (One) Equity Share having face value of 
INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each, to the shareholders of Demerged Company 
holding 1 (One) Equity Share of INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each. 
 
 
Further, the equity shares proposed to be allotted by each of the Resulting Companies 
pursuant to the respective Share Entitlement Ratio set out above, shall, in terms of the 
Scheme, be listed on the bourses of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
the BSE Limited subject to the applicable regulations and the necessary regulatory 
approvals. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain  
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary  