 
IGL/SE/2025-26/72 
 
16th January, 2026 
 
The Manager (Listing)   The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001             Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                                            
 
Scrip Code: 500201    Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) 
This is in furtherance to our letter no IGL/SE/2025-26/63 dated 20th November, 2025 in 
relation to the Scheme of Arrangement between India Glycols Limited (hereinafter 
referred to as “ Applicant No. 1 ” or “Demerged Company ” or “Company ”) and 
Ennature Biopharma Limited (" Applicant No. 2 ” or Resulting Company 1 ”) and IGL 
Spirits Limited ( " Applicant No. 3 ” or “Resulting Company 2 ”) and their respective 
shareholders (“ Scheme ”), pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.   
We wish to inform you that the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad 
Bench, Prayagraj (“ NCLT”), vide its order dated 15th January, 2026 (hereinafter 
referred  to as “ Order”) which was uploaded on 15th January, 2026 on NCLT website, 
has allowed the first motion application filed in relation to the Scheme. 
 
The NCLT, vide its Order, has inter-alia : 
a) Ordered convening of separate meeting(s) of the Equity Shareholders and 
Unsecured Creditors of the Demerged Company, for the purpose of 
considering and, if deemed fit, approving the Scheme, to be conducted 
through video conferencing;  
b) Dispensed convening meeting of the Secured Creditors of the  Demerged 
Company and Equity Shareholders of Resulting Company 1 & Resulting 
Company 2 for the purpose of considering and approving the Scheme. 
However, it has directed the Demerged Company to issue notices to Secured 
 
Creditors by specifying individual value of debts owed with the direction that 
if any objections or affidavits are received from such Secured Creditors, the  
Demerged Company shall reflect the same in Second Motion Petition or 
immediately thereafter as soon as the same is received. 
c) Since there were no Secured and Unsecured Creditors of Resulting Company 
1 &  Resulting Company 2, hence there is no requirement for Meeting of 
Creditors for Resultant Companies. 
d) Directed the Demerged Company to issue the notices through email or 
speed post or courier or registered post to all the Equity Shareholders and 
Unsecured Creditors of the Demerged Company. 
e) Directed all  Applicant Companies to serve notices along with a copy of the 
Scheme to the statutory, regulatory and other concerned authorities as 
specified in the Order. 
Copy of the Order enclosed is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/NCLT_Order_15_01_2026.pdf  
A certified copy of the Order is awaited. The Scheme remains subject to 
applicable regulatory and other approvals. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For India Glycols Limited  
 
 
Ankur Jain  
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary  
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 1 of 21 
 IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ  
____________________________________________________________  
CA (CAA) No. 36/ALD/ 2025 
                (First Motion)  
 
(Under Sections 230 to 232 of the  Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies  
(Compromise, Arrangements and  Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 ) and other 
applicable rules made thereunder)  
 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT OF : 
 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED  
a public listed company limited by  
shares incorporated under the provisions  
of the Companies Act, 1956  
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097  
having its registered of fice at :  
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,  
Kashipur, Udham Singh Nagar,  
Uttarakhand, India – 244713  
                                                             .… Applicant No. 1  / Demerged  Company  
 
ENNATURE BIO PHARMA LIMITED  
a public company limited by shares incorporated  
under the provisions of the  Companies Act, 2013  
CIN U24290UR2021PLC013005  
and having its registered off ice at :  
P. No. 4 Pharma City Selaqui,  
Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India – 248197  
 
           … Applicant No. 2  / Resulting Company  No. 1  
 
AND  
 
IGL SPIRITS LIMITED  
a public company limited by shares incorporated  
under the provisions o f the Companies Act, 2013  
CIN U11011UT2024PLC018229  
having its registered off ice at : 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,  
Kashipur, Udham Singh Nagar,  
Uttarakhand, India – 244713  
 
  … Applicant No. 3  / Resulting Company No. 2  
 
 Order pronounced on: 15.01.2026  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 2 of 21 
 Coram :  
Shri Praveen Gupta     : Member (Judicial)  
 
Shri Ashish Verma      : Member (Technical)  
 
Appearances:  
Sh. Hirak Mukhopadhyay with                        :  For the Applicant Companies   
Sh. Varun Yadav & Sh. Atul Pandey, Advs.  
 
ORDER  
1. This is a joint First Motion Application file d by Applicant Companies 
for sanction of the proposed Scheme of Arrangement involving 
demerger of ‘Bio Pharma Undertaking ’ and ‘Spirits and Biofuel 
Undertaking ’ from INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED  (hereinafter referred 
to as ‘Applicant No. 1 / Demerged Company ’) to ENNATURE BIO 
PHARMA LIMITED  (hereinafter referred to as ‘Applicant No. 2 / 
Resulting Company 1’ ) and IGL SPIRITS LIMITED  (hereinafter 
referred to as ‘Applicant No. 3 / Resulting Company 2’ ) (Demerged 
Company, Resulting Company 1 and Resulting Company 2 to be 
collectively referred to as 'Applicant Companies') and their resp ective 
shareholders under Sections 230 & 232 of the Companies Act, 2013  (the 
‘Act’) read with  Rule 3 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements, 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (the ‘Rules ’) and other applicable 
provisions of the Act for the time being in force, seeking sanction of the 
Scheme of Arrangement (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Scheme’ ). 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 3 of 21 
 2. The Applicant Compan ies have prayed for the following reliefs:  
i. To pass orders/ directions, directing the Demerged Company to 
issue individual notices through email and to convene, hold and 
conduct the meeting of the Equity Shareholders;  
ii. To pass orders/ directions, directing the Demerged Company to 
issue individual no tices through email and to convene, hold and 
conduct the meeting of the Unsecured Creditors with outstanding 
above INR 1 Lakh;  
iii. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of secured 
creditors, since the Demerged Company has obtained consent 
affidavits from 95.46% of Secured Creditors in value;  
iv. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of Equity 
Shareholders, since Resulting Company 1 has obtained consent 
affidavits from 99.94 % of Equity Shareholders in value;  
v. To pass orders/ dire ctions, dispensing with the meeting of secured 
creditors, since Resulting Company 1 does not have any Secured 
Creditors;  
vi. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of 
unsecured cred itors, since Resulting Company 1 does not have 
any Unsecured C reditors;  
vii. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of Equity 
Shareholders, since Resulting Company 2 has obtained consent 
affidavits from 99.94% of Equity Shareholders in value;  
viii. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of sec ured 
creditors, since Resulting Company 2 does not have any Secured 
Creditors;  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 4 of 21 
 ix. To pass orders/ directions, dispensing with the meeting of 
unsecured creditors, since Resulting Company 2 does not have 
any Unsecured Creditors;  
x. To issue notices to the Central  Government (through the Regional 
Director) and the Registrar of Companies, and such other 
regulator(s) as the Hon'ble Tribunal may deem fit, of this petition; 
and  
xi. To pass any further order/s as deemed fit by this Hon'ble Tribunal 
in the present facts and  circumstances of the case.  
 
3. The Applicant  No. 1 / Demerged Company is a listed public limited 
company  and a leading green company, engaged in the business of 
manufacturing and marketing of B io based Specialties &  Performance 
Chemicals such as B io polymers, Green Solvents, Specialty Derivatives, 
Industrial Gases, Potable spirits, ENA (Extra Neutral Alcohol), E nnature 
Biopharma and Bio Fuels.   
4. The Applicant No. 2  / Resulting Company  No. 1  is a public limited 
company  and has business objective of produ cing nutraceuticals, 
phytochemicals, and natural plant -based active pharmaceutical 
ingredients and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Applicant Company l . 
5. The Applicant No. 3  / Resulting Company No. 2 is  a public limited 
company  and has business objective int er alia of manufacturing and 
production of alcoholic and non -alcoholic beverages and ethanol and 
alcohol and is also a wholly owned subsidiary of Applicant Company l.  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 5 of 21 
 6. It is submitted that the  registered office of all the Applicant Companies 
are situated in the State of Uttarakhand  and hence are under the territorial 
jurisdiction of this Bench . 
7. The rationale and the benefits of the Scheme are, inter alia, as follows : 
a. The Demerged Company is a leading green chemical company. It 
has grown manifold over a number of years and currently houses 
four segments, namely, bio -based specialties and performance 
chemicals, potable spirits, ennature biopharma and bio -fuel. 
Given its diversified business, it has become imperative for the 
Demerged Company to reorie nt and reorganize itself in a  manner 
that allows imparting greater focus on each of its businesses. With 
this repositioning, the Demerged Company is desirous of 
enhancing its operational efficiency. It will continue with its bio -
based specialties and performance chemicals business. While each 
of the above businesses may be subject to industry specific risks, 
business cycles and operate inter alia under different market 
dynamics , they have a significant potential f or growth and 
profitability.  
b. The Scheme proposes to reorganise and segregate the 
shareholdings of Demerged Company in various businesses and 
thus proposes the demerger of Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking (as 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 6 of 21 
 defined in Scheme) and Biopharma Undertaking (as defined in 
Scheme) from Demerged Company to the Resulting Companies. 
The demerger of the Demerged Undertakings from the Demerged 
Company to the Resulting Companies will result in the equity 
shares of the Resulting Comp anies (as defined in Scheme) 
becoming listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
and BSE Limited, with the Resulting Companies focusing 
exclusively on their respective undertakings and capable of 
independent valuation and participation therein by any suitable 
investor interested in such businesses, in the future.  
8. The proposed restructuring pursuant to this Scheme  is expected, inter 
alia, to result in following benefits:   
i. Segregation and unbundling of the Spirits and Biofuel 
Undertaking and Biopharma Undertaking of the Demerged 
Company into the Resulting Companies will offer the following 
benefits:  
a. Each business will have a clear focus, leading to improved 
management and resource allocation for growth;  
b. The demerger will enable independent growth for each business, 
attracting the right talent, offering bett er opportunities for 
employees;  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 7 of 21 
 c. The demerger may create potential to unlock value for stakeholde rs 
by drawing focused inve stors;   
d. Each business will manage its capital, investments, and resources 
based on its specific needs, ensuring more efficient capital use;  
e. Each business will adhere to regulations that are specific to its 
industry; and  
f. Separating the businesses will redu ce the risk of one business 
affecting the others.  
The proposed restructuring is in the interest of the shareholders, 
creditors, employees, and other stakeholders in each of the companies.  
9. It is stated that the Board of Directors of the Demerged Company and 
the Resulting  Compan ies No. 1 & 2  in their respective meetings held on  
16.05.2025  considered and un animously approved the proposed  Scheme 
of Arrangement  subject to sanctioning of the same by this Tribunal. The 
copies of the Board Resolutions of the Applicant  Companies  No. 1  to 3 
are attached as Annexur e: 8, 9 and 10  respectively , with the application.  
10. The appointed  date of the Scheme for the purpose of the Arrangement  
shall be 01.04.2026  as mentioned in Clause 1.1 (3rd para) in Part -I of 
Scheme of Arrangement which is attached as Annexure: 1  of the 
application . 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 8 of 21 
 11. It is stated that the Applicant No. 1 / Demerged  Company has filed its 
Annual Report of the for the financial year ending March 31, 2025 and 
limited review financials ending on June 30, 2025  which is attached a s 
Annexure 3 of the application.  
12. The Applicant  No.2 /  Resulting Company  No. 1  has filed its Audited 
accounts  for the financial year ending  on 31.03. 2025 and Audited 
financials ending on June 30, 2025 which is attached as Annexure 5  of 
the application.  The Applicant No. 2 / Resulting Company  No. 1  has also 
filed its Audited accounts for the financial year ending on 31.03.2025 
and Audited financials ending on June 30, 2025 which is attached a s 
Annexure 7  of the application.  
13. It is further submitted  that in pursuance of the provis o to Sec tion 230(7) 
and Section 232(3) of the Act, the Applicant Demerged Company and 
the Resulting Compan ies No. 1 & 2  have filed certificate dated 
16.05.2025, issued by their respective Statutory Auditors certifying that 
the Scheme is in compliance with the Accounting Standards under 
Section 133 of the Act and the same are attached as Annexure 12 with 
the application.  
14. Since the Applicant Demerged Company is a public listed company, 
hence a letter issued by the National Stock Exchange as well as the 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 9 of 21 
 Bombay Stock Exchange approving the Scheme has been filed and 
attached as Annexure 19 with the application.  
15. It is further submitted that the share entitlement Report, dated  
16.05 .2025,  considering financial information of the Demerged 
Undertakings and the Demerged Company upto 31.12.2024 , for the 
proposed Scheme of Arrangement , has been issued by Mr. Kshitij Goel, 
Registered Valuer in respect of Securities or Financial Asset s acting for 
TRC Corporate Consulting Private Limited , registered with the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) vide Registration No.  
IBBI/RV/02/2024/15672. A copy of the said Valuation Report is 
annexed herewith as Annexure 11 . The following Share Entitlement  
Ratio, in consideration with the report dated 16.05.2025 read with 
addendum dated 30.05.2025  and as incorporated in the scheme, is as 
follows : 
 The Resulting Company 1 will issue 1 (one) Equity Share of ₹5 each, 
credited as fully paid -up, to the Equity Shareholders of the Demerged 
Company for every 3 (three) Equity Share of ₹5 each held in the 
Demerged Company.  
 The Resulting Company 2 will issue 1  (one) Equity Share of ₹5 each, 
credited as fully paid -up, to the Equity Shareholders of the Demerged 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 10 of 21 
 Company for every 1 (one) Equity Share of ₹5 each held in the 
Demerged Company.  
Any fraction of share arising out of the aforesaid share exchange 
process,  if any, will be as per Scheme in Annexure 1.  
16. It is submitted that the Scheme (Annexure 1 ) also takes  care of the 
interest  of the employees of the Applicant  Companies by virtue of Clause 
5 of Part -II of the Scheme  and Clause 11 of Part -III of the Scheme .   
17. As per para 8 of the application it is submitted that as on the date of this 
application, apart from the information request received from the 
Regional Director, Northern Region, no proceedings under Sections 235 
or 250A of the Companies Act, 1956 or the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are pending against the Applicant Companies . 
18. It is deposed by the Applicants that there is no sectoral regulator in the 
Applicant Companies whose approval may be required for the sanction 
of the Scheme of Ar rangement except the statutory authorities, i.e., (a) 
the Central Government through the office of the Regional Director , 
Northern Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, New Delhi; (b) the 
Registrar of Companies, Uttarakhand, Ministry of Corporate Affairs,  
Dehradun; (c) Securities and Exchange Board of India; (d) National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited; (e) BSE Limited (collectively called 
“Stock Exchanges”)  and (f) the Income Tax Department . It is also 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 11 of 21 
 deposed that the proposed Scheme of Arrangement  will not attract the 
provisions of the Competition Act, 2002. Hence, no intimation 
to/approval from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) is required 
for the present Scheme of Arrangement . There are no legal proceedings, 
inquiry, inspection, investigation,  prosecution, litigation pending before 
any court of law or Tribunal against the Applicant Companies.  
19. The Applicant  Companies ha ve furnished the following documents:  
i. Proposed  Scheme of Arrangement (Annexure 1  of the 
application).  
ii. Certificate of Incorporation along with Memorandum and Articles 
of Association of the Applicant Demerged Company and  the 
Resulting Compan ies No. 1 & 2  (Annexure 2 , 4 and 6  respectively 
of the application ). 
iii. Certificates on status of shareholders Secured and  unsecured 
creditors  of Demerged Company (Annexure 13 of the application).  
iv. Certificate from K.N. Gutgutia & Company, Chartered 
Accountants dated 1 October 2025 certifying that there are no 
secured and unsecured creditors in the Resulting Company 1  
(Annexur e 16 of the application).  
v. Certificate from K.N. Gutgutia & Company, Chartered 
Accountants dated 1 October 2025 certifying that there are no 
secured and unsecured creditors in the Resulting  Company 2 
(Annexure 18 of the application).  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 12 of 21 
 vi. Consent aff idavits from  Secured Creditors of Demerged 
Company . (Annexure 14  of the application).  
vii. Consent aff idavit from Demerged Company approving the 
scheme as shareholder of Resulting Company 1 . (Annexure 15  of 
the application).  
viii. Cons ent aff idavit from Demerged Company approvin g the 
scheme as shareholder of Resulting Company 2 . (Annexure 17  of 
the application).  
ix. Certificates of Statutory Auditors to the effect that the Accounting 
treatment proposed in the Scheme  is in conformity with Section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 . (Annex ure 12 of the application).  
x. Annual Report of the Demerged Company for the financial year 
ending March 31, 2025 and limited review financials ending on 
June 30, 2025 . (Annexure 3  of the application).  
xi. Audited accounts of the Resulting Company 1 for the financial 
year ending March 31, 2025 and audited financials ending on June 
30, 2025 . (Annexure 5  of the application).  
xii. Audited accounts of the Resulting Company 2 for the financial 
year ending March 31, 2025 and audited financials ending on June 
30, 2025 . (Annexure 6  of the application).  
xiii. Report on Share Entitlement  Ratio (Annexure 11 of the 
application).  
 
20. The Applicant Companies  have furnished the details of the Equity 
Shareholders , Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors as follows : 
 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 13 of 21 
 Demerged Company : 
Particulars  Total No.  Dispensation 
sought  % of Consent 
received  
Equity 
Shareholders  Listed 
Company  No N.A.  
Secured Creditors  171 Yes 95.46%  
Un-secured 
Creditors 575 
No N.A.  
 
1  It is pertinent  to note that the Consent Affidavits received are more than 
the requisite statutory majority of 90% of the total value required to 
approve the Scheme in terms of the provisions of Section 230(9) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.  
 
Resulting Company  No. 1 : 
Particulars  Total No.  Dispensation 
sought  % of Consent 
received  
Equity 
Shareholders  71 
Yes 99.94%  
Secured Creditors  0 Yes N.A.  
Un-secured 
Creditors 0 
Yes N.A.  
 
1  It is pertinent  to note that the Consent Affidavits received are more than 
the requisite statutory majority of 90% of the total value required to 
approve the Scheme in terms of the provisions of Section 230(9) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.  
 
 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 14 of 21 
 Resulting Company No. 2:  
Particulars  Total No.  Dispensation 
sought  % of Consent 
received  
Equity 
Shareholders  71 
Yes 99.94%  
Secured Creditors  0 Yes N.A.  
Un-secured 
Creditors 0 
Yes N.A.  
 
1  It is pertinent  to note that the Consent Affidavits received are more than 
the requisite statutory majority of 90% of the total value required to 
approve the Scheme in terms of the provisions of Section 230(9) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.  
 
Directions:  
21. We have considered t he submissions made by the Ld. Counsel, and 
perused the documents filed with the instant Application. We are of the 
view that the dispensation of the meetings prayed for by the Applicant 
Companies deserves to be allowed. We accordingly give the following 
directions:  
I. In relation to  the Applicant No. 1 / Demerged Company : 
a. The meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Applicant Demerged 
Company  be convened as prayed for through video conferencing 
with facility of remote e -voting on Monday, 9th March  2026  at 
11:00 A.M, subject to notice of  the meeting being issued. The 
voting/approval would be in terms  of provisions of Section 103  of 
the Companies Act, 2013;  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 15 of 21 
 b. The me eting of the Secured Creditors  of Applicant Demerged  
Company is dispensed herewith, keeping in view that 95.46% in 
value of the Secured Creditors  have given their consents by way of 
affidavits ; 
c. The meeting of the Un -secured Creditors  with outstanding above 1 
Lakh  of the Applicant Demerged Company  be convened as prayed 
for through video conferencing with facility of remote e -voting on 
Monday, 9th March  2026  at 2:00 P.M , subject to notice o f the 
meeting being issued. The voting/approval would be in terms of 
provisions of Section 230(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
II. In relation to Applicant No. 2 / Resulting Company No. 1 : 
a. The meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Applicant Resulting 
Company  No. 1  is dispensed herewith, keeping in view that 99.94%  
in value of the Equity  Shareholders have given their consents by 
way of affidavits ; 
b. Since, t he Applicant Resulting Company  No. 1  does not have any 
Secured Creditor , the requirement to convene meeting  of Secured 
Creditors  does not arise ; 
c. Since, the Applicant Resulting Company  No. 1 does not have any 
Un-Secured Creditor, the requirement to convene meeting  of Un -
Secured Creditors  does not arise;  
III. In relation to Applicant  No. 3 /  Resulting Company No. 2: 
a. The meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Applicant Resulting 
Company No. 2  is dispensed herewith, keeping in view that 99.94%  
in value of the Equity  Shareholders have given their consents by 
way of affidavits ; 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 16 of 21 
 b. Since, the Applicant Resulting Company  No. 2  does not have any 
Secured Creditor, the requirement to convene meeting of Secured 
Creditors does not arise;  
c. Since, the Applicant Resulting Company  No. 2  does not have any 
Un-Secured Creditor, the requirement to convene meeting of Un -
Secured Creditors does not arise;  
IV. In case the required quorum as noted above for the meetings is not 
present at the commencement of the meeting, the meeting shall be 
adjourned by 30 minute s and thereafter persons  present and voting 
shall be d eemed to constitute the quorum.  
V. Mr. L.N. Gupta  (Mobile No.  8130585511 , E mail id: 
mbtgln@gmail.com) , is appointed  as the common Chairperson for 
the meeting s to be called under this order. An amount of ₹ 2,00,000/ - 
(Rupees Two Lakhs Only) be paid for his services as the 
Chairperson.  The Chairperson shall have all other powers under the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016 read with the other applicable rules and provisions in 
relation to conduct of the meetings, including for deciding 
procedural questions that may arise at the meeting(s) or at any 
adjournment thereof, or any other  matter relating to the meetings, 
including an amendme nt to the Scheme of Arrangement , if any, 
proposed by any persons.  
VI. Mr. Vinayak Varma , (Mobile No.  9335155141 , E-mail id:  
vinayakvarmaofficial@gmail.com ), is appointed  as the common 
Alternate Chairperson  for the meeting s to be called under this order.  
An amount of ₹1,50,000/ - (Rupees One Lakh Fifty Thousand Only)  
be paid for his services as the Alternate Chairperson.  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 17 of 21 
 VII. Mr. Sumit Agrawal, CA , (Mobile No.  9415348986 , E-mail id:  
agrsumit@yahoo.co.in ), is appointed  as the common Scrutinizer for 
the above meeting s to be called under this order. An amount of 
₹1,00,000/ - (Rupees One Lakh only)  be paid for his  services as the 
Scrutinizer.  
VIII.  The fee of the Chairperson, Alternate Chairperson , Scrutinizer and 
other out-of-pocket  expenses for them shall be borne by the 
Applicant  No. 1 /  Demerged Compan y.  
IX. It is further directed that individual notices of the said meetings shall 
be sent by the Applicant No. 1 / Demerged  Company to its respective 
Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors  and Un-secured Creditors  
through registered post or speed post or through courier or e -mail, 30 
days in advance before the scheduled  date of the meeting s, indicating 
the day, date and time as aforesaid, together with a copy of the 
Scheme,  copy of the explanatory statement with Share Entitlement  
Ratio  as discussed in para 14 of this order required to be sent under 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable Rules and any other 
documents as may be prescribed under the  Act shall also be duly sent 
with the notice.  
X. It is further directed that along with the notices, Applicant No. 1 / 
Demerged  Company shall also send, statements explaining the effect 
of the Scheme on the creditors, key managerial personnel, promoters 
and non -promoter members , etc. along with the effect of the  Scheme 
of Arrangement on any material interests of the Directors of the 
Compan ies, if any, as provided under sub -section (3) of Section 230 
of the Act.  
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 18 of 21 
 XI. It is also directed that the Un-Audited  Financial  Statements 
(Provisional) of the Applicant Demerged  Compan y and the 
Resulting Compan ies No. 1 & 2  not older than 6 months’ from the 
date of the meeting s be also circulated for the aforesaid meeting(s) 
in terms of Section 232 (2) (e) of the Act.  
XII. That the Applicant No. 1 / Demerged Compan y shall publish an 
advertisement with a gap of at least 30 clear days before the aforesaid 
meeting s, indicating the day, date and the time of the meeting s as 
aforesaid, to be published in “Financia l Express” (English, District 
Udham Singh Nagar Edition ) and “Uttar Ujala ” (Hindi,  District 
Udham Singh Nagar Edition ). The publication  shall indicate the time 
within which copies of the Scheme of Arrangement shall be made 
available to the concerned persons, free of charge from the registered 
office of the Applicant Demerged Compan y. The publication shall 
also indicate that the explanatory statement required to be furnished 
pursuant to Sec tions 230 & 232 read with Section 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 can be obtained free of charge at the registered 
office of the Applicant Demerged Compan y in accordance with 
second proviso to sub -section (3) of Section 230 and Rule 7 of the 
Companies (CAA)  Rules, 2016.  The Applicant Demerged  Compan y 
shall also publish the notice of the meeting s on its website , if any.  
XIII.  The Applicant C ompanies  shall issue notices to all the S ecure d 
Creditors of the A pplicant  Company No.  1 by specifying individual 
value of debts  owed . Further, it is directed that while filing the 
second motion petition,  if any objections or any a ffidavit/s are 
received by the A pplicant  Companies from these Secured C reditors, 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 19 of 21 
 the same would also be  reflected in the second motion petition or 
immediately thereafter as  soon as the same are received.  
XIV. It shall be the responsibility of Applicant No. 1 / Demerged  Compan y 
to ensure that the notices are sent under the signature and supervision 
of the Chairperson  and that the Applicant Companies shall file their 
affidavits in the Tribunal at  least 7 days before the date fixed for the 
meetings.  
XV. Voting is allowed on the propose d Scheme through remote e -voting 
process in compliance  with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs in this regard.  
XVI. The Chairperson shall be responsible to report the result of the 
meeting s to the Tribunal in Form No. CAA -4, as per Rule 14 of the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Ama lgamations) 
Rules, 2016 within 7 (seven) working days of the conclusion of the 
meeting s. The Chairperson would be fully assisted by the authorized 
representative/Company Secretary of the Applicant  Demerged 
Company  and the Scrutinizer, who will assist the 
Chairperson /Alternate Chairperson in preparing and finalizing the 
report s. 
XVII.  The Applicant No. 1 / Demerged  Compan y and the Resulting 
Compan ies No. 1 & 2  in compliance of sub -section (5) of Section 
230 of the Act and Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 send notices in 
Form No. CAA -3 along with copy of the  Scheme, Explanatory 
Statement and the disclosures mentioned in Rule 6 of the “Rules” to 
(a) the Central Government through the office of the Regional 
Director,  Northern Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, New 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 20 of 21 
 Delhi and having email id: rd.north@mca.gov.in; (b) the Registrar of 
Companies, Uttarakhand, Dehradun and having email id: 
roc.uttarakhand@mca.gov.in ; (c) Securities and Exchange Board of 
India; (d) National Stock Exchange of India Limited; (e) BSE 
Limited (collectively called “Stock Exchanges”)  and (f) the Income 
Tax Department , in the respective  circle/ward where these 
Companies are assessed or through the nodal office by mentioning 
the PAN number of the Applicant Companies , if any, having email 
id – lucknow.pccit@incometax.gov.in ; stating that report on the 
same , if any, shall be sent to th is Tribunal within a period of 30 days 
from the date of receipt of such notice and copy of such report shall 
be simultaneously sent  to the applicant companies , failing which it 
shall be presumed that they have no objection to the proposed 
Scheme.  
XVIII.  The Applicant No. 1 / Demerged  Compan y and the Resulting 
Compan ies No. 1 & 2  shall furnish a copy of the Scheme free of 
charge within one day of any requisition for the Scheme made by any 
Creditor entitled to attend the meeting s as aforesaid.  
XIX. The Authorized R epresentative of the Applicant Demerged  
Compan y shall furnish affidavit s of service of notice of meeting s and 
publication of advertisement s and compliance of all directions 
contained herein at least a week before the proposed meeting s. 
XX. All the aforesaid directions are to be complied with strictly in 
accordance with the applicable laws including forms and formats 
contained in the Rules as well  as the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 by the Applicant Demerged  Compan y and the Resulting 
Compan ies No. 1 & 2 . 
 
 
 
CA (CAA) NO . 36/ALD/ 2025  (First Motion)  
 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ   Page 21 of 21 
 XXI. The Company Petition for confirmation of the Scheme is to be filed 
within the time period prescribed under the provisions of the Act and 
corresponding rules made there under. The appropriate prayer would 
also be made in the second motion petition for publication in 
newspaper.  
22. The Second Motion petition shall be filed within 7 days from the date of 
submission  of report by Chairperson in accordance with the provisions 
of rule 16 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016.  
23. With  the aforesaid directions, this First Motion Ap plication bearing CA 
(CAA) No.36 /ALD/2025 is disposed of. A copy of this order be supplied 
to the learned  counsel for the Applicant Companies who in turn shall 
supply a copy of the same to the Chairperson, Co -Chairperson and the 
Scrutinizer immediately.  
 
 
 
      (Ashish Verma)                         (Praveen Gupta)  
Member (Technical)              Member (Judicial)  
 
Dated: 15.01 .2026 
 