IGL/SE/2026-27/51 
 
1st September, 2026 
 
The Manager (Listing)   The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001             Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                                            
 
Scrip Code: 500201    Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)- Effectiveness of the Scheme of Arrangement  
 
This is in continuation to our earlier intimation dated 21st August, 2026 bearing no: 
IGL/SE/2026-27/47,wherein we had informed about the effective date and record 
date for the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited (“Demerged 
Company”/ “the Company”), Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (“Resulting Company 1”) 
and IGL Spirits Limited (“Resulting Company 2”) and their respective shareholders 
(“Scheme”) as sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Allahabad Bench (“NCLT”). 
  
We wish to inform you that in connection with the Scheme, all the aforesaid 
companies have filed  the certified true copy of the Order of the NCLT with Registrar 
of Companies, Uttarakhand today i.e., 1st September, 2026.  
 
Accordingly, in terms of the provisions of the Clause 24 of the Scheme, the “Effective 
Date” of the Scheme is 1st September, 2026 and the Scheme contemplating the 
Demerger has now become effective and the Resulting Companies have ceased to 
be the subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
Further, a news release on Scheme of Arrangement is enclosed. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
Ankur Jain  
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary  
Encls: A/a 
 
News Release  
India Glycols Limited Demerged into Three En ƟƟes 
 India Glycols to operate as three separate en ƟƟes from September 1, 2026  
 Shareholders to receive shares in each of the new en ƟƟes 
 
Noida, September 1, 2026:  India Glycols Limited, (NSE: INDIAGLYCO) (BSE: 500201), a leading 
green chemicals and manufacturing Company producing bio-based specialty chemicals, glycols, 
potable spirits and nutraceu Ɵcals, recently received approval from the Na Ɵonal Company Law 
Tribunal (NCLT) for the demerger of the Company into three en ƟƟes. The demerger is eﬀec Ɵve 
September 1, 2026.  
On September 1, 2026, the original en Ɵty, India Glycols Limited, demerges into three separate 
enƟƟes — India Glycols Limited, IGL Spirits Limited and Ennature Bio Pharma Limited.  
India Glycols Limited will house the chemicals, glycols, bio-glycols, new specialty products and 
industrial gases businesses. India Glycols reported a net revenue to Rs 345 crore in the June 2026 
quarter. This en Ɵty is already listed on both BSE and NSE.  
IGL Spirits Limited will house the spirits business, including IMFL, country liquor and bio-fuel 
businesses. IGL Spirits Limited reported a net revenue to Rs 694 crore in the June 2026 quarter. 
The management of IGL Spirits Limited will apply to BSE and NSE for lis Ɵng of its shares on the 
respecƟve bourses.  
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited will house the bio-pharma and bio-polymers businesses. Ennature 
Bio Pharma reported a net revenue to Rs 90 crore in the June 2026 quarter. The management of 
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited will apply to BSE and NSE for lis Ɵng of its shares on the respec Ɵve 
bourses. 
Shareholding Pa Ʃern 
Each Shareholder of India Glycols on the record date of September 2, 2026, will be en Ɵtled to 
receive one equity share of IGL Spirits Limited for every one equity share held in India Glycols 
Limited, and one equity share of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited for every three equity shares held 
in India Glycols Limited.  
As a result, a Shareholder holding 300 India Glycols shares on September 2, 2026, will be en Ɵtled 
to receive 300 equity shares of IGL Spirits Limited and 100 equity share of Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited, resul Ɵng a total of 700 shares across the three en ƟƟes, including the 300 equity shares 
held in India Glycols Limited.  
 
 
Beneﬁts of the Demerger  
The demerger will result in the crea Ɵon of three separate companies, each with a clear business 
focus. 
Each company will have a dedicated focus, enabling improved management oversight and more 
eﬃcient alloca Ɵon of resources towards growth.  
In addiƟon, each company will be able to manage its capital, investments and resources based on 
its speciﬁc business requirements, thereby enabling more eﬃcient u ƟlisaƟon of capital.  
 