 
 IGL/SE/2026 -27/66 
 
6th October , 2026  
 
The Manager (Listing)    The Manager (Listing)  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,    Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001   Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051                                                             
 
Scrip Code: 500201     Symbol: INDIAGLYCO  
 
Sub: Apportionment of Cost of Acquisition of Equity Shares of India Glycols 
Limited (“Demerg ed Company”/“the Company”), Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited (“Resulting Company 1”) and IGL Spirits Limited (“Resulting 
Company 2”) pursuant to Scheme of Arrangement amongst the 
Company, Resulting Company 1 and Resulting Company 2 and their 
respective sharehol ders (“Scheme” /“Scheme of Arrangement” ) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Further to our letter bearing no. IGL/SE/2026 -27/58 and IGL/SE/2026 -27/59 both 
dated 8th September, 2026, wherein we had intimated about the allotment of 
equity shares of Resulting Company 1 and Re sulting Company 2 pursuant to the 
Scheme.  
 
We enclose herewith a communication for the attention of the Shareholders of 
the Company for general guidance towards apportionment of cost of 
acquisition of equity shares of the Company, Resulting Company 1 and 
Resulting Company 2 pursuant to the Scheme.  
 
The above communication is also being hosted on the Company’s website at 
www.indiaglycols.com .  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly,  
For India Glycols Limited  
 
 
 
Ankur Jain  
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary  
Encl: A/a.  
 
 
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT - GENERAL GUIDANCE FOR THE SHAREHOLDERS ON COST OF ACQUISITION  
 
  
1. The Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj (“NCLT”) vide it s order 
dated 17th July, 2026 (“Order”), had sanctioned the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India 
Glycols Limited (“Demerged Company”/ “the Company”), Ennature Bio Pharma Limited 
(“Resulting Company 1”) and IGL Spirits Limited (“Resulting Company 2”) (Result ing Company 1 
and Resulting Company 2 are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “ Resulting  Companies”) 
and their respective shareholders (“Scheme”), under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 201 3 (“Act”), providing, inter alia, for 
demerger, transfer and vesting of Bio Pharma and the Spirits & Biofuel Undertaking(s) in Resulting 
Company 1 and Resulting Company 2 respectively, on a going concern basis, and issue of equity 
shares by Resulting Compa ny 1 and Resulting Company 2 to the shareholders of the Demerged 
Company, in consideration thereof  as per the respective share entitlement ratio  prescribed under 
the Scheme , in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 (35) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 
(corresponding to  Section 2(19AA) of the  erstwhile  Income -tax Act, 1961 ).  
 
The Scheme became effective from 1st September, 2026.  
 
2. In accordance with the provisions of the Scheme, Resulting Company 1 and Resulting Company 
2 have allotted Equity Shares of R s. 5/- each to the shareholders of the Demerged Company 
whose names appeared in the Register of Members maintained by the Depositories as on the 
Record Date, i.e., Wednesday, 2nd September, 2026, in the following ratio:  
 
(i) 1 (One) Equity Share of Resulting C ompany 1 for every 3 (Three) Equity Shares held in the 
Demerged Company; and  
(ii) 1 (One) Equity Share of Resulting Company 2 for every 1 (One) Equity Share held in the 
Demerged Company.  
 
3. This communication is being issued for the general guidance of the share holders of India Glycols 
Limited , who have been allotted Equity Shares of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (Resulting 
Company 1) and IGL Spirits Limited (Resulting Company 2) pursuant to the Scheme of 
Arrangement, with a view to facilitate the determination of proportionate Cost of Acquisition of the 
Equity Shares of India Glycols Limited, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited, in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Income  Tax Act, 2025.  
 
4. Accordingly, f or the purpose of determining the Cost of Acquisition of the Equity Shares of the 
Company and the Resulting  Companies following the Demerger , the shareholders may apportion 
the original Cost of Acquisition of their Equity Shares of India Glycols Limited  in the following 
manner : 
 
S. No.  Name of Company  % of Total Cost of Acquisition of Equity Shares  
 
1. India Glycols Limited  31.77%  
2. Ennature Bio Pharma Limited  20.61%  
3. IGL Spirits Limited  47.62%  
 
 
Please note that this communication is merely for the general guidance of the sharehol ders of India Glycols Limited, who 
have been issued Equity Shares by  Ennature Bio Pharma Limited  and IGL Spirits Limited , and should not be considered as 
a substitute for any independent opinion that the shareholders may obtain. The concerned regulatory, s tatutory or 
judicial authority, including any assessing officer/appropriate appellate authority, could take a different view. 
Shareholders are advised to consult their own consultants/ tax advisors to understand specific tax implications in their 
respectiv e cases. The Company takes no express or implied responsibility / liability in relation to this guidance.  