  
IGL/SE/2026-27/45 
 
20th August, 2026 
 
The Manager (Listing)   The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001             Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                                            
 
Scrip Code: 500201    Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Receipt of Certified True 
Copy of order of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, 
Prayagraj (“NCLT”) on the Scheme of Arrangement. 
 
This is in continuation of our earlier intimation dated 20th July, 2026 bearing no: 
IGL/SE/2026-27/25, wherein we had informed that the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj (“NCLT”) vide its order dated 17th July, 2026 
(“Order”), had approved the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited 
(“Demerged Company”/ “the Company”), Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (“Resulting 
Company 1”) and IGL Spirits Limited (“Resulting Company 2”) and their respective 
shareholders and creditors (“Scheme”), under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the rules 
framed thereunder.     
 
We wish to inform you that a certified true copy of the said order of NCLT dated 17th July, 
2026, has been received by the Company on 20th August, 2026, and the same is enclosed 
herewith.   
 
The Appointed Date for the approved Scheme is 1st April, 2026.  The Effective Date of the 
Scheme and Record Date shall be determined by the Board of Directors of  all the 
Companies in accordance with the terms of the Scheme and the same shall be 
communicated in due course.  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
Ankur Jain   
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Enclosure: as above 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
ALLAHABAD BENCH, PRAYAGRAJ 
CP (CAA) NO.07/ALD/2026 IN CA (CAA) NO.36/ALD/2025 
(Second Motion) 
(An Application filed under Sections 230 - 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with Companies (Compromises, Arrangements, and Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016, and other applicable provisions) 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT OF: 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED, 
[CIN L24111UR1983PLC009097], [PAN AAACI7246P] 
Registered Office at A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, 
Uttarakhand, India - 244713. 
........ Petitioner Company No. 1/ Demerged Company 
AND 
ENNATURE BIO PHARMA LIMITED, 
[CIN U24290UR2021PLC013005], [PAN AAGCE6816R] 
Registered Office at P. No. 4 Pharma City Selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India - 248197. 
<ennene.Petitioner Company No. 2 / Resulting Company No. 1 
AND 
\ 
+ IGL SPIRITS LIMITED, = 
:zéf;\\ éIN U11011UT2024PLC018229], [PAN AAHCI9318M] 
Registered Office at A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, 
Uttarakhand, India - 244713. 
......... Petitioner Company No. 3 / Resulting Company No. 2
Order Pronounced on: 17.07.2026 
Coram: 
Mr. Praveen Gupta : Member (Judicial) 
Mr. Ashish Verma : Member (Technical) 
Appearances: 
Sh. Rahul Agarwal, Sr. Adv., 
Hirak Mukhopadhyay, Varun Yadav and 
Atul Pandey, Adv : For the Applicant/Petitioner Companies 
Sh. Amit Mahajan, Sr. S.C. : For the Income Tax Department 
Sh. Mohd. Akhtar, STA : For the O.L./RoC, Uttarakhand 
ORDER ON PETITION 
The above Company Petition coming on for hearing on 02.07.2026, upon reading the said 
Petition, the Order dated 15.01.2026 read with modification Order dated 16.02.2026 whereby 
the Petitioner Companies were directed to convene meetings of Equity Shareholders and 
Unsecured Creditors of the Demerged Company (India Glycols Limited) through video 
conferencing under the supervision of a Chairperson and Alternate Chairperson appointed by 
this Tribunal for the purpose of considering and approving the Scheme of Arrangement 
proposed to be made between the Petitioner Companies and their respective shareholders, and 
the meetings of the Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors of the 
Resulting Companies No. 1 and 2 were dispensed with, and the meeting of the Secured 
Creditors of the Demerged Company was dispensed with (95.46% consent received), copy of 
which is annexed to the above Company Petition CP (CAA) No. 07/ALD/2026 filed on 
28.03.2026; the newspapers Business Standard (English) and Uttar Ujala (Hindi, Nainital 
Edition) were published on 05.05.2026 containing the notices of hearing; the Affidavits of 
W@rvnce filed by the Petitioner Companies on 18.05.2026 confirming due publication and 
93(‘7 L, vice of notices on regulatory authorities; the Chairperson’'s Report dated 26.03.2026 
% &h irperson: Sh. L.N. Gupta; Alternate Chairperson: Sh. Vinayak Varma; Scrutinizer: Sh. 
i §un Agrawal) on the meetings of Equity Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors of the 
2> sﬁs rged Company held on 24.03.2026, it appearing from the said reports that the Scheme of 
‘Ar ‘angement has been approved by the requisite majority of Equity Shareholders (4,42,48,625 
/{otes in favour out of 4,42,48,626, with 1 vote against) and Unsecured Creditors (36 out of 36 
participating creditors voted in favour, representing 100% in value); the Order dated 
09.04.2026 whereby the Petitioner Companies were directed to serve copies of the petition on 
regulatory authorities and publish notices of hearing; the report dated 30.04.2026 submitted by 
the Registrar of Companies, Uttarakhand, to the Regional Director, Northern Region; the 
Representation Affidavit dated 07.05.2026 filed by the Regional Director, Northern Region; 
the Reply Affidavit filed by the Demerged Company vide diary no. 1340 dated 02.07.2026 
addressing the observations of the Regional Director; the reports/comments of the Income Tax 
Department dated 10.06.2026 (Demerged Company), 12.06.2026 (Resulting Company No. 1) 
and 12.06.2026 (Resulting Company No. 2); the Reply Affidavits filed by the Petitioner 
Companies vide diary nos. 1323, 1333 and 1334 dated 01.07.2026; and upon reading the 
Petition and hearing Sh. Rahul Agarwal, Ld. Senior Advocate, representing the Petitioner 
Companies, and Sh. Amit Mahajan, Sr. S.C. for the Income Tax Department, and Sh. Mohd. 
Akhtar, STA for the O.L./RoC, Uttarakhand; 
This Tribunal finds that there appears to be no reservation to grant sanction to the Scheme, and 
that the sanction of the Scheme is not against public policy, nor would it be prejudicial to the 
public interest at large. In the context of the above discussion, the Scheme contemplated among 
the Petitioner Companies appears to be prima facie in compliance with all the requirements 
stipulated under the relevant sections of the Companies Act, 2013. In the absence of any further 
objections before the Tribunal and wherever it was necessary, required undertakings having 
been filed by the Petitioner Companies, this Tribunal sanctions the Scheme of Arrangement 
appended as Annexure-A to the Petition (Schedule-1 hereto) in terms of its Prayer Clause. 
In the result, the proposed Scheme of Arrangement, which is annexed to the Company Petition, 
stands approved and sanctioned, and the same shall be binding on all the Shareholders and 
Creditors of the above-named Petitioner Companies and also on the Petitioner Companies with 
effect from the Appointed Date, i.e., Ist day of April, 2026. The Petitioner Companies are 
required to act upon as per the terms and conditions of the sanctioned Scheme of Arrangement. 
‘While approving the Scheme as above, it is clarified that this order should not be construed as, 
~.in any way, granting exemption from payment of taxes (including Income Tax, GST or any 
1. With respect to the Demerger of the Biopharma Undertaking from Petitioner 
Company No. 1/Demerged Company to Petitioner Company No. 2/Resulting Company 
No. 1:
i Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, the Biopharma 
Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) of Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged 
Company), together with all its rights, benefits, interests and obligations, shall stand 
transferred to and vested in the Resulting Company No. 1 (Petitioner Company No. 2) 
as a going concern, in accordance with Section 2(19AA) and other applicable 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and / or the corresponding provision of the 
Income Tax Act, 2025 and Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
ii. Effective date is the date by which the Scheme of Arrangement / Demerger among the 
Petitioner Companies is completed subsequent to the 2nd motion order passed in 
respect of all Petitioner Companies vide the order dated 17.07.2026. 
i, Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, all proceedings now 
pending by or against Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) to the extent 
specifically relating to the Biopharma Undertaking be continued by or against Petitioner 
Company No. 2 (Resulting Company No. 1), which shall include liability to pay Income 
Tax, GST or any other tax, if any, to the extent relating to the Biopharma Undertaking. 
iv. Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, all employees of 
Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) engaged in or in relation to the 
Biopharma Undertaking shall be deemed to be transferred to and engaged by Petitioner 
Company No. 2 (Resulting Company No. 1) with effect from the Effective Date, 
without any interruption of service and on the basis of continuity of service, and on 
such terms and conditions as are no less favourable than those on which they are 
currently engaged by Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company). 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, Petitioner Company No. 
2 (Resulting Company No. 1) shall, without further application, issue and allot 1 (one) 
_equity share of the face value of Rs. 5/- (Rupees Five) each to the shareholders of 
‘Petitioner Company No. 1 for every 3 (three) equity shares of the face value of Rs. 5/- 
(Rupees Five) each held in Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company), whose 
lames appear in the register of members of Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged 
‘Company) on the Record Date (as defined in the Scheme). The existing equity shares 
held by Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) in Petitioner Company No. 2 
(Resulting Company No. 1) shall stand cancelled upon the Scheme becoming effective. & N 
11. With respect to the Demerger of the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking from Petitioner 
Company No. 1/Demerged Company to Petitioner Company No. 3/Resulting Company 
No. 2:
fii. 
iv. Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, the Spirits and Biofuel 
Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) of Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged 
Company), together with all its rights, benefits, interests and obligations, shall stand 
transferred to and vested in the Resulting Company No. 2 (Petitioner Company No. 3) 
as a going concern, in accordance with Section 2(19AA) and other applicable 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and / or the corresponding provision of the 
Income Tax Act, 2025 and Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
Effective date is the date by which the Scheme of Arrangement / Demerger among the 
Petitioner Companies is completed subsequent to the 2nd motion order passed in 
respect of all Petitioner Companies vide the order dated 17.07.2026. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, all proceedings now 
pending by or against Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) to the extent 
specifically relating to the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking be continued by or against 
Petitioner Company No. 3 (Resulting Company No. 2), which shall include liability to 
pay Income Tax, GST or any other tax, if any, to the extent relating to the Spirits and 
Biofuel Undertaking. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, all employees of 
Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) engaged in or in relation to the Spirits 
and Biofuel Undertaking shall be deemed to be transferred to and engaged by Petitioner 
Company No. 3 (Resulting Company No. 2) with effect from the Effective Date, 
without any interruption of service and on the basis of continuity of service, and on 
such terms and conditions as are no less favourable than those on which they are 
currently engaged by Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company). 
Petitioner Company No. 1 for every 1 (one) equity share of the face value of Rs. 5/- 
(Rupees Five) each held in Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company), whose 
names appear in the register of members of Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged 
Company) on the Record Date (as defined in the Scheme). The existing equity shares 
held by Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company) in Petitioner Company No. 3 
(Resulting Company No. 2) shall stand cancelled upon the Scheme becoming effective.
III. Upon the Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective date, the Remaining Business 
and all the assets, liabilities and obligations pertaining thereto shall continue to belong to 
and be vested in and be managed by Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company). 
IV. Upon this Scheme being effective from the Effective Date, all contracts in relation to the 
Demerged Company, where the Demerged Company is a party, shall stand transferred to 
and vested in the respective Resulting Company without any further act or deed. 
V. Upon this Scheme becoming effective/from the Effective Date, in terms of Clauses 
42.12,4.2.15 and 4.2.17 of Part II and Clauses 10.2.12, 10.2.15 and 10.2.17 of Part 111 
of the Scheme, read with Clauses 19.4 and 20 of Part IV thereof and other applicable 
clauses of the Scheme, all benefits, incentives and concessions, licences, approvals, 
permissions, registrations, consents, permits and other statutory or regulatory 
authorisations as well as land (including leasehold land) pertaining to the Demerged 
Undertakings shall, to the extent permissible under applicable law, stand transferred to 
and vest in the respective Resulting Company without any further act or deed. Further, in 
terms of Clauses 4.2.11 and 10.2.11 of the Scheme and other applicable clauses of the 
Scheme, any taxes, duties or fees (excise, customs or otherwise) already paid or payable 
by the Demerged Company under licences, registrations, permits or approvals pertaining 
to the Biopharma Undertaking or the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking shall be deemed to 
have been paid by or on account of the respective Resulting Company to which the said 
undertaking stands transferred, and no fresh duty or fee shall be demanded on that account 
by reason only of the transfer effected under this Scheme. Furthermore, the concerned 
Central Government, State Government, statutory, regulatory and local authorities shall 
give effect to this Scheme by making appropriate substitutions, endorsements and entries 
in their records in favour of the respective Resulting Company. Where any approval, 
endorsement or consent is specifically required under the applicable statute, the 
«.concerned authority shall process such substitution or recognition in accordance with law 
"2 “3\ipon production of this Order and the Scheme. Pending such approvals, licenses, permits, 
agistrations or endorsements in favour of the respective Resulting Company, the 
emerged Company shall be deemed to continue to have such approvals, licenses, 
4 ermits, registrations or endorsements to operate the Biopharma Undertaking and Spirits 
y&) and Biofuel Undertaking, as it may have operated in the ordinary course of business. 3 
VI. All the tax liabilities and all the pending appeals and proceedings under the Income Tax 
Act, if pending against the Demerged Company to the extent relating to the Biopharma 
Undertaking or the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking, as the case may be, shall be 
transferred to the respective Resulting Company and shall be enforced and continued 
against the respective Resulting Company, and all compliances under the Income Tax 
Act shall be made by the respective Resulting Company after the Appointed Date, i.e., 
01.04.2026. Further, the Income Tax Department is permitted to retain recourse for 
recovery in respect of demand and any other future liabilities of the Demerged Company
in respect of the assets sought to be transferred under the Scheme. The respective 
Resulting Company shall be responsible for paying any tax liability of the Demerged 
Company relating to the respective Demerged Undertaking, if any, pending on the 
Appointed Date, i.e., 01.04.2026 or determined by the Income Tax Department after the 
Appointed Date, i.e., 01.04.2026. 
VII. The Resulting Companies shall not raise any objection on any notice by the Income Tax 
Department against the respective Resulting Company pertaining to the respective 
Demerged Undertaking of Petitioner Company No. 1 (Demerged Company), issued in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025, for the period prior to the 
Appointed Date, i.e., 01.04.2026, if any issued after the date of passing of this order, on 
the ground that the Demerged Undertaking is no longer with the Demerged Company. 
VIIL The assessment under the Income Tax Act will be in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 314(2) of the Income Tax Act, 2025. The Petitioner Companies shall file 
modified income tax returns, if any required to be filed pursuant to the Scheme as 
approved by this order, in the manner and form as prescribed under Section 314(1) of the 
Income Tax Act, 2025, within six months from the end of the month of this order. 
IX. The Resulting Companies, as the case may be, shall clear all the pending tax liabilities 
after exhausting all appellate jurisdictions and as per final orders passed thereafter. The 
Scheme shall not come in the way of the statutory authorities to recover any of their dues. 
All the contentions of the parties shall remain open before the relevant forum(s), where 
disputes are pending. 
\@\ ¥ L e *;B\be Petitioner Companies shall supply legible printouts of the Scheme and the Schedule 
N 2 ssets in an acceptable form to the Registry within three weeks from the date of 
rgpouncement of the order and the Registry will append such printouts, after 
verification, to the certified copy of the Order. 
The Petitioner Companies shall within thirty days of the date of the receipt of this order 
cause a certified copy of this order to be delivered to the Registrar of Companies, 
Uttarakhand, for registration and the Registrar of Companies shall place all documents 
relating to the Scheme on the files kept by their office in relation to the Petitioner 
Companies. 
XII. The Resulting Companies shall file the revised memorandum and articles of association, 
if any, with the concerned Registrar of Companies and further make the requisite 
payments of the differential fee (if any) for the enhancement of authorized capital of the
Transferee Companies / Resulting Companies; after setting off the fees paid by the 
Transferor Company / Demerged Company; 
XIIL All the concerned Regulatory Authorities and other persons to act on a copy of this Order 
annexed with the Scheme duly authenticated by the Registrar, National Company Law 
Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj. 
XIV. Any person interested shall be at liberty to apply to the Tribunal in the above matter for 
any directions that may be necessary. 
Deputy Registrar NCLT Allahabad Bench
SCHEDULE - 1 
Scheme of Arrangement as sanctioned by the Tribunal 
(Annexed as ANNEXURE-A to the Petition) 
[Annexed separately]
SCHEDULE -2 
First Part: 
Short description of the freehold and leasehold property of the Biopharma Undertaking of 
Petitioner Company No. 1/Demerged Company (transferring to Petitioner Company No. 
2/Resulting Company No. 1) 
[To be annexed] 
Second Part: 
Short description of the freehold and leasehold property of the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking 
of Petitioner Company No. 1/Demerged Company (transferring to Petitioner Company No. 
3/Resulting Company No. 2) 
[To be annexed] 
Third Part: 
Short description of all stocks, shares, debentures and other charges in action including 
Licences/Registrations/ContractsMOUs of the Biopharma Undertaking (transferring to 
Petitioner Company No. 2/Resulting Company No. 1) 
[To be annexed] 
Fourth Part: 
Short description of all stocks, shares, debentures and other charges in action including 
Licences/Registrations/Contracts’MOUs of the Spirits and Biofuel Undertaking (transferring 
to Petitioner Company No. 3/Resulting Company No. 2) 
[To be annexed] 
%70/9 o 
Deputy Registrar (By the Tribunal) NCLT Allahabad Bench 
Registrar / Deputy Registrar 
NCLT Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj 