 
IGL/SE/2025-26/63  
20th November, 2025  
The Manager (Listing)              The Manager (Listing)  
BSE Limited               National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,              Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,          Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001    Bandra (East),Mumbai – 400 051    
Scrip Code: 500201                           Symbol: INDIAGLYCO  
Dear Sirs , 
Sub: Receipt of Observation Letters with ‘No Objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and ‘No Adverse Observations’ from BSE Limited in relation to the Scheme of Arrangement 
between India Glycols Limited (hereinafter referred to as “ Demerged Company ” or “Company ”) 
and Ennature Biopharma Limited (“ Resulting Company 1 ”) and IGL Spirits Limited (“ Resulting 
Company 2 ”) and their respective shareholders (“ Scheme of Arrangement/Scheme ”) 
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“ Listing Regulations ”) – Scheme of Arrangement   
This is in furtherance to the intimation letter(s) no’s: IGL/SE/2025-26/05 and IGL/SE/2025-26/14 
dated 16th and 30th May, 2025 w.r.t. the captioned Scheme of Arrangement. We would like to 
inform you that the Company has received Observation Letter dated 17th November, 2025 with 
‘No Objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and Observation Letter 
dated 19th November, 2025 with ‘No Adverse Observations’ from BSE Limited (“BSE”). The copy of 
said letters are enclosed herewith.  
The Scheme remains subject to various statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective 
shareholders and creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, as may be required. The 
Observation Letters received from NSE and BSE are also available on the website of the Company 
at https://www.indiaglycols.com/compliances/  .   
The Company shall now proceed with the further steps required for approval of Scheme from 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal. The information is being hosted on the Company’s 
website at www.indiaglycols.com  . 
This is for your information and record.  
Thanking you,  
Yours Truly,  
For INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED  
 
 
 
Ankur Jain   
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary   
Encls: As above  
 
 
Non -Confidential  Ref: NSE/LIST/ 48932                             November 17 , 2025  
The Company Secretary  
India Glycols Limited   
                                 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for  draft composite scheme of arrangement amongst India Glycols 
Limited  (IGL)  and Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited  (ISL)  under 
Section 230 -232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 
We are in receipt for  captioned  draft Scheme filed by  India Glycols Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 48932  dated September 05, 2025, submitted  to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023,  and Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , SEBI vide its letter dated           
November 14, 2025, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft scheme of 
arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure that proposed draft scheme shall be in compliance with the provisions 
of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
b) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated, and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company,  
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited , their  promoters and directors, before 
Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the Scheme.  
c) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the website (s) of the Listed Compan y and the Stock Exchanges . 
d) The Companies involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft scheme 
subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by Stock exchange(s), except those mandated by 
the regulators/authorities/tribunal.   
e) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.   
f) The Company shall ensure that all the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Compan y involved 
in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part 
E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.  
g) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period more 
than 6 months old.  
h) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares , if any,  to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:39 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  48932                             November 17 , 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  i) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock Exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.  
k) The Compan y shall ensure that the following  additional  disclosure as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the 
Company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 , 
to enable them to take an informed decision . 
i. Simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement.  
ii. Rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme.  
iii. Detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or 
change in rights.  
iv. Cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the 
scheme.  
v. Latest financials of IGL, EBPL and ISL not older than 6 months from the date of Stock 
Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Company’s website and also disclosed in the 
explanatory statement.  
vi. Promoter -wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter group in 
IGL, EBPL and ISL , before and after the scheme , and the corresponding change in public 
shareholding.  
vii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing valuation report and the Merchant Banker issuing 
Fairness opinion, along with a summary of the methods considered for arriving at the Share 
Exchange Ratio and Rationale for adopting such methods.  
viii. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBI DTA of IGL, EBPL and ISL for last 3 financial years.  
ix. Pre and post scheme shareholding of IGL, EBPL and ISL as on the date of shareholder’s 
meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft 
Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
x. Value of Assets and liabilities of IGL being transferred to EBPL and ISL and post -demerger 
balance sheet of IGL, EBPL and ISL.  
xi. Disclose d etails of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the entities 
involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and the possible impact 
of the same on IGL, EBPL and ISL.  
xii. Disclosures c onditions imposed by lenders, if any, along with their potential impact on the 
scheme.  
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:39 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  48932                             November 17 , 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  l) The Listed entities involved in the proposed Scheme shall disclose the No -Objection Letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same . 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEB I/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations . 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  is at the discretion of the Exchange.  
 
The listing of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  pursuant to the 
Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to SEBI approval & Company satisfying the following 
conditions:  
 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Ennature Bio 
Pharma Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  and its group companies in line with the 
disclosure requirements applicable for public issues with National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (“NSE”) for making the same available to the public through website of the companies. 
The following lines must be i nserted as a disclaimer clause in the Information Memorandum:  
 
“The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the Scheme 
has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the 
correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted  Company; does not in any 
manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL) , its promoters, its management etc.”  
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:39 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  48932                             November 17 , 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information about Ennature Bio 
Pharma Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  in line with the details required as per 
SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. The 
advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum 
available on the website of the company as we ll as NSE.  
 
3. To disclose all the material information about Ennature  Bio Pharma Limited (EBPL) and IGL 
Spirits Limited (ISL)  to NSE on continuous basis so as to make the same public, in addition to 
the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the 
subsidiaries.  
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:  
 
(a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.”  
 
(b) “There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  between the record date and the listing which 
may affect the status of this approval.”  
 
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited (EBPL) and IGL Spirits Limited (ISL)  shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities 
are completed and trading in securities commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the 
Hon’ble High Court/NCLT , simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the 
listed entity (or transfer entity) are/were listed. Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps 
to ensure strict adherence to said timeline.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from November 17 , 2025 , within which 
the Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:39 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  48932                             November 17 , 2025  
 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of  Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Khyati Vidwans  
Senior Manager  
 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Mon, Nov 17, 2025 17:03:39 IST
Location: NSE
~ SSE"" 
The Power of Vibrance 
DCS/AMAL/TS/R37/3905/2025-26 November 19, 2025 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
India Glycols Limited 
A -1, Industrial Area, 
Bazpur Road, Udham Singh Nagar, 
Kashipur-244713, Uttarakhand 
Sub: Scheme of arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited and Ennature Bio Pharma Limited 
and IGL Spirits Limited 
We refer to your application for Scheme of arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited ("IGL") and 
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited ("EBPL") and IGL Spirits Limited ("ISL") under section 230 to 232 read 
with section 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and rules made thereunder 
filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations , 2015, read with SEBI Master 
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Reg. 94(2) of SEBI LODR 
Regulations , 2015. 
In this regard, SEBI has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the said scheme of Arrangement: 
1. "The proposed Draft Scheme shall be in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 
11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015." 
2. "The Entity shall ensure that the Company (IGL) discloses all details of ongoing 
adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement 
action taken, if any, against the IGL, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (EBPL), and IGL 
Spirits Limited (ISL), their promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCL T and 
shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme." 
3. "The entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company 
after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, 
is displayed on the website(s) of the listed company and the stock exchanges." 
4. "The entity involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft 
scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), 
except those mandated by the regulators/authorities/tribunal." 
5. "The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time." 
6. "The entity is advised that the applicant that the information pertaining to the unlisted 
company involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, 
which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval." 
7. "The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme considered are not for period 
more than 6 months old." 
8. "The entity is advised that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of 
the "Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only." 
9. "The entity is advised that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document." 
10. "The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCL T and the company is obliged to 
bring the observations to the notice of NCL T." 
"\:) Page 1 of 4 
Af-1 Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, _P J_ Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai -400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 I E: corp.comm@ bseindia.com 
,..., www.bse1nd1a.com I Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH2005PLC155188 
The Power of Vibrance 
11. "The entity is advised to prominently disclose the following, as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be 
forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 
of the Companies Act 2013, so that public shareholders can make an informed 
decision in the matter: 
• A simple explanation of the scheme of arrangement. 
• The rationale and objectives underlying the proposed scheme. 
• A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including 
any dilution or change in rights. 
• A cost-benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated 
costs of the scheme. 
• The latest financials of IGL, EBPL, and ISL, not older than 6 months from the date 
of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the Company's website and also 
disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
• Promoter-wise and aggregate shareholding details of the promoter and promoter 
group in 1 GL, EBPL, and ISL, before and after the scheme, and the corresponding 
change in public shareholding. 
• Details of the Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and the Merchant 
Banker issuing Fairness opinion, along with a summary of the methods 
considered for arriving at the Share Exchange Ratio and Rationale for adopting 
such methods. 
• Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of IGL, EBPL, and ISL for last 3 financial 
years. 
• Pre and Post scheme shareholding of IGL, EBPL, and ISL as on the date of 
Shareholders' meeting notice, along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred 
between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
• The value of Assets and liabilities of IGL being transferred to EBPL, and ISL and 
post-demerger balance sheet of IGL, EBPL, and ISL. 
• Disclose details of all pending or ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
entities involved in the scheme, including their promoters/directors/KMPs, and 
the possible impact of the same on IGL, EBPL, and ISL. 
• Disclosures of conditions imposed by lenders, if any, along with their potential 
impact on the scheme. 
12. "The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection 
letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
13. "Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has 
been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or 
opinions expressed in the documents submitted." 
Page 2 of 4 
SSE~ 
The Power of Vibrance 
Accordingly, based on aforesaid comment offered by SEBI, the Company is hereby advised: 
• To provide additional information , if any, (as stated above) along with various documents to the 
Exchange for further dissemination on Exchange website. 
• To ensure that additional information, if any, (as stated aforesaid) along with various documents 
are disseminated on their (company) website. 
• To duly comply with various provisions of the circulars. 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited reference to 
those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements within the provisions 
of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with Hon'ble NCL T. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information , in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI / Exchange. SE Bl/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the financial 
soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the 
document submitted . 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the Company to the 
shareholders , while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose Information about unlisted 
companies involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the circular dated 
June 20, 2023. 
However , the listing of equity shares of En nature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited shall be 
subject to SEBI granting relaxation under Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 
1957 and compliance with the requirements of SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO /CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023 /93 
dated June 20, 2023. Further, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited shall comply with 
SEBI Act, Rules, Regulations , directions of the SEBI and any other statutory authority and Rules, 
Byelaws, and Regulations of the Exchange . The Companies shall fulfil the Exchange's criteria for listing 
the securities of such Companies and also comply with other applicable statutory requirements. 
However, the listing of shares of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited is at the discretion 
of the Exchange. In addition to the above, the listing of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits 
Limited pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to SEBI approval and the Company 
satisfying the following conditions : 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the informatio n about Ennature Bio 
Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for 
public issues with BSE, for making the same available to the public through the website of the 
Exchange . Further, the Companies are also advised to make the same available to the public 
through its website. 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all details of Ennature Bio Pharma 
Limited and IGL Spirits Limited in line with the details required as per the aforesaid SEBI circular 
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. The advertisement should draw 
a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the 
company as well as BSE. 
3. To disclose all the material information about of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits 
Limited on a continuous basis so as to make the same public, in addition to the requirements if 
any, specified in Listing Agreement for disclosures about the subsidiaries . 
4. The following provisions shall be incorporated in the scheme: 
• "The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depository system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange. " 
• "There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern of Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and 
IGL Spirits Limited between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of 
this approval. " 
Page 3 of 4 
SSE~ 
The Power of Vibrance 
Further you are also advised to bring the contents of this letter to the notice of your shareholders, all 
relevant authorities as deemed fit, and also in your application for approval of the scheme of 
Arrangement. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be Six Months from the 
date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCL T. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation' at any stage if the information 
submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrecUmisleading/false or for any contravention 
of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, Guidelines/Regulations 
issued by statutory authorities . 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with any 
other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), read 
with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 (Company 
Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein pursuant to an Order 
passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the proposed scheme of 
compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 as 
the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange seeking representations or objections if 
any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of serving such 
Notice along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through the Listing 
Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to circular dated February 
26, 2019, issued to the company. 
Yours faithfully, 
~M•:;-J~_f-
Kinnar Mehta 
Assistant Vice President 
Y---T~ 
Toshika Sharma 
Deputy Manager 
Page 4 of 4 