 
 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES  
 
BSE LIMITED  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE  
 
November 6, 2025  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Record Date for buyback of equity shares 
Pursuant to Regulation 42 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Regulation 9(i) of SEBI (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, the 
Company has fixed Friday, November  14, 2025 as the Record Date for the purpose of 
determining the entitlement and the names of equity shareholders who are eligible to 
participate in the buyback.  
The above information is also available on the Company’s website at www.infosys.com .  
This is for your information and records.  
Yours sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited  
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha  
Company Secretary  
Membership No: A21918  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Additional information pursuant to U.S. Law  
 The Buyback for the outstanding equity shares of the Company referenced herein has not yet 
commenced. The communication is provided for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of  the Company pursuant 
to Company’s Buyback or otherwise. Any offers to purchase or solicitations of offers to sell will be made pursuant to a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (including the letter of offer 
and other documents relating to the tender of fer) which will be filed with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (“ SEC”) by the Company. The Company’s security holders are 
advised to carefully read these documents, any amendments to these documents and any other documents relating to the Buyback that are filed with the SEC in their entirety 
prior to making any decision with respect to the C ompany’s Buyback because these 
documents contain important information, including the terms and conditions of the 
offer . The Company’s security holders may ob tain copies of these documents (when they 
become available) and other documents filed with the SEC for free at the SEC’s website at 
www.sec.gov or from the Company’s Investor Relations department at sharebuyback@infosys.com .  