 
  
 
 
IGESL: NOI: 2026                                                                                                  7th October , 2026  
 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001   
The Secretary  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400 051  
 
 
Scrip code:  543667    
 NSE Symbol:   INOXGREEN  
Sub:  Press Release - Inox Green Completes payment for the transfer of Wind World 
India’s 4.5 GW Wind O&M Business as per the Business Transfer Agreement   
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of the communication being 
released by the Company to the Press titled as  “Inox Green Completes payment for the transfer of Wind 
World India’s 4.5 GW Wind O&M Business as per the Business Transfer Agreement ”. 
We request you to take the abov e on record.  
 
Thanking You  
Yours faithfully,  
For Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Anup Kumar Jain  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
PRESS  RELEASE  
Inox Green Completes Payment for the Transfer of Wind 
World India’s 4.5 GW Wind O&M Business  as per the 
Business Transfer Agreement  
• Mega Deal:  In a marquee transaction, Inox Green has completed the payment for the transfer 
of Wind World India’s 4.5 GW Wind O&M business  
• Revenue Boost:  Wind World India’s O&M arm  achieved  a turnover of approximately ₹580 
crores in FY26  
Noida, October  7, 2026:  Inox Green Energy Solutions Limited ("Inox Green"), India's leading listed 
renewable operations and maintenance ("O&M") service provider and part of the INOXGFL Group, 
has on October 6, 2026  completed the payment for the transfer of the wind O&M busin ess of Wind 
World India Limited  (“WWIL”) . The payment has been made through  Inox Green’s  subsidiary Vibhav 
Energy Private Limited (“VEPL”) pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) executed 
between  VEPL  and WWIL . This landmark transaction  represents one of the most significant deals in 
India’s renewable O&M sector .  
The O&M business of WWIL will be transferred to VEPL as a going concern, as per the terms of  the 
BTA and the Resolution Plan approved by the Hon'ble National Company  Law Tribunal (NCLT).  Inox 
Green  will own 75% stake in VEPL post completion of the transfer and the implementation of the 
Resolution Plan , enabling  line-by-line consolidation of the transferred  business ’ financials . The total 
consideration for the transaction , inclusive of taxes,  is ₹550 crore .   
WWIL’s high -quality 4.5 GW portfolio services a marquee client base, including the Tata Group, 
ReNew, Greenko Group, Apraava Energy, and Hindustan Zinc. The assets span across key wind -rich 
states, including Karnataka, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, G ujarat, Madhya Pradesh, and 
Andhra Pradesh.  The portfolio generated revenue of approx imately  ₹580 crore in FY26  and benefits 
from contracted annual price escalation of approx imately  5%.  
Inox Green’s O&M portfolio currently stands at ~13.3 GWp (as of June 2026, inclusive of WWIL and 
a separate ~2 GW wind O&M acquisition  currently held as an investment ). By leveraging operational 
efficiencies, advanced technology platforms, and group synergies, Inox Green is uniquely positioned to 
substantially boost th e acquired portfolio's revenues and operating margins.  
Supported by the INOXGFL Group ecosystem —including planned large  annual capacity additions at 
Inox Clean Energy and external projects executed by parent company Inox Wind —Inox Green is firmly 
on track to exceed 20 GW+ capacity in the near future.  
Commenting on the acquisition, Mr. Devansh Jain, Executive Director, INOXGFL Group,  said, 
“This transaction  will be  a defining step in our strategy to build India’s largest and most technologically 
advanced renewable energy services platform. Wind World’s quality asset base and deeply entrenched 
customer relationships complement Inox Green’s strengths and reinforce our  long-term growth 
ambitions. The transaction substantially enhances our multi -brand OEM O&M capabilities and 
strengthens our ability to deliver superior operational performance across a larger fleet of wind assets.  
 

We are now focused on a seamless integr ation of Wind World India’s O&M business, leveraging our 
combined capabilities to drive greater value for customers, accelerate growth and further consolidate 
our leadership in the renewable energy services sector .” 
Mr. Akhil Jindal, Group CFO, INOXGFL Gro up, added , “We are extremely pleased to announce 
that this milestone  transaction has been executed within our disciplined valuation framework . The 
business has several synergistic opportunities  and the transaction multiple works out to approximately 
2x EBITDA,  based on expected earnings after the full realisation of synergies over the next year. As 
we integrate the acquired business, our focus will be on driving operational efficiencies, improving 
margins and unlocking synergies to maximize value creation. ”  
About  Inox Green  Energy  Services  Limited :  
Inox Green Energy Services Limited is India’s only listed pure play renewable operations and 
maintenance (“O&M”) service provider with ~ 1 3.3 GWp of renewable assets under management  
(including WWIL’s O&M portfolio and an investment made to acquire another ~ 2 GW of wind O&M 
assets)  as on June 2026 . The company is engaged in the business of providing long -term O&M services 
for renewable energy projects. The Company is a p art of the INOXGFL Group and a subsidiary of Inox 
Wind , with whom it enjoys a synergistic relationship. It has a s trong and diverse portfolio base and an 
established track record of over a decade. It has reliable cash flows supported by long -term O&M 
contracts. Its customers include some of the largest IPPs, PSUs along with various retail customers.  
About INOXGFL Gr oup 
INOXGFL Group, a multi -billion  -dollar Indian conglomerate, is a leader in the global energy transition 
space. With a legacy of over 90 years, the Group’s interests span across chemicals and renewables, with 
presence in over 75 countries across five continents. INOXGFL Group companies a re forerunners 
across diversified business segments, with three listed entities — Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
(GFL), a global leader in the specialty fluorine chemicals space; Inox Wind Limited (IWL), India’s 
leading comprehensive wind solutions provid er and Inox Green Energy Services Limited (IGESL), 
India’s only listed pure play renewables O&M services provider. On the unlisted front, GFL’s 
subsidiary — GFCL EV Products Limited (GFCL EV) — is scaling up to become the largest non -
Chinese integrated adv anced battery materials supplier globally. Further, through Inox Clean Energy 
Limited (ICEL), the Group is rapidly expanding globally across renewable energy IPP and solar 
manufacturing verticals. The Group's performance and leadership are reflected in its  diverse portfolio 
of products and services, where several of its companies are setting new growth benchmarks, as well as 
impactful corporate social responsibility initiatives. With an aim to drive progress and contribute to a 
greener future, the INOXGFL G roup continues to contribute prominently to India’s growth story.  
 
For more information please contact:  
 
Investor Relations  
Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
Phone: +91 120 614 9600  
Email:  investor@inoxgreen.com  