 
  
IGESL :NOI:2026                  7th October, 2026  
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  The Secretary  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400 051  
 
Scrip code: 543667                                                      NSE Symbol: INOXGREEN  
Subject :  Update on the Resolution Plan for Wind World (India) Limited and investment in 
Vibhav Energy Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
This is in fu rtherance of our disclosures dated 28th July, 2026 and 3rd August, 2026. The Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“ NCLT ”), by its order dated 27th July, 2026, approved the 
resolution plan dated 13th February, 2026 (read with the addendum  dated 20th May, 2026) (“ Resolution 
Plan ”) submitted by the consortium comprising Inox Neo Energies Limited and Authum Investment & 
Infrastructure Limited (“ Authum ”) for the acquisition of Wind World (India) Limited (“ WWIL ”), a 
company which was undergoing  corporate insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016.  
As informed in our disclosure dated 3rd August, 2026, Inox Green Energy Services Limited (“ Company ”) 
(directly or through its subsidiary), was identified for the acqui sition of the operation and maintenance 
(“O&M ”) business undertaking of WWIL under the Resolution Plan, by way of slump sale on a going 
concern basis or such other structure as may be permissible under the Resolution Plan and as approved by 
the Implementat ion and Monitoring Committee of WWIL (“ IMC ”) constituted in accordance with the 
Resolution Plan to monitor its implementation. Accordingly, Vibhav Energy Private Limited (" Vibhav "), 
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has been identified as the imple mentation entity for this 
acquisition.  
As informed earlier in our disclosure dated 3rd August, 2026, the transfer of the O&M Business was 
expected to be completed within 60 days from date of receipt of the certified copy of the NCLT approval 
order, subject  to the terms of the Resolution Plan. Since the aforesaid 60 -day period was about to expire 
on 1st October, 2026, the IMC passed a resolution dated September 25, 2026 to extend such completion 
period up to 8th October, 2026 in terms of the Resolution Plan.  
We wish to inform you that, further to approval of the IMC, Vibhav has executed a Business Transfer 
Agreement (“ BTA ”) with WWIL for the acquisition of the O&M business of WWIL in terms of the 
Resolution Plan and has, on 6th October, 2026, fully paid the l ump sum amount of Rs. 550 Crore towards 
the cost of such acquisition.  The acquisition/ transfer of the O&M business undertaking of WWIL as a 
going concern will be completed upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified in the BTA.  
  
 
Out of the purchase consideration of Rs. 550 Crore, the consideration of Rs. 450 Crore has been infused in 
Vibhav by the Company by way of subscription to its equity shares for a cash consideration of Rs. 250 
Crore and grant of inter corporate deposit of Rs. 200 Crore, out of which Rs. 50 Crore is to be converted 
into equity/securities of Vibhav at a future date, as per the terms of the inter -corporate facility agreement. 
Being a wholly -owned subsidiary, there is no change in the shareholding percentage of the Com pany in 
Vibhav pursuant to this investment.  
The balance consideration of Rs. 100 Crore has been infused by Authum by way of inter -corporate 
deposits, which is to be converted into equity/securities of Vibhav at a future date, as per the terms of the 
inter -corporate facility agreement.  
The detailed disclosures in respect of the abovementioned investment and loan, as required under 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III (in relation to the acquisition/subscription of 
equity shares of Vibhav ) and Para B of Part A of Schedule III (in relation to the inter -corporate deposit 
extended to Vibhav) of the Listing Regulations and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -
POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January 2026, are enclosed herewith as Annexure - A and                   
Annexure – B respectively.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on record.  
Thanking You  
Yours faithfully,  
For Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
 
Anup Kumar Jain  
Company Secretary  
 
Encls: a/a  
  
Annexure – A 
The disclosure of information required pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with 
SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026, last updated on 30th January, 
2026, is as follows:  
S. No.  Particulars  Details  
a. Name of t he target entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc.  Vibhav Energy Private Limited (“ Vibhav ”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  
The Registered Office of Vibhav is situated at 301, 
ABS Tower, Old Padra Road, Vadodara, Gujarat, 
390007.  
The Authorised, Issued and Paid -up equity share 
capital of Vibhav as of date is (after considering 
above allotment):  
(i) Authorised Share capital: Rs. 500.01 Crore ; 
and 
(ii) Paid up equity share capital: Rs. 250.01 Crore  
The turnover of Vibhav for FY 2025 -26 was Nil.  
b. Whether the acquisition would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether 
the promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have any interest in the entity 
being acquired? If yes, nature of interest 
and details thereof and whether the same 
is done at “arm’s length.”  Yes.  
Vibhav is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, and the proposed investment constitutes 
a related party transaction.  
Other than the aforesaid shareholding relationship, 
Promoter / promoter group / group companies do 
not have any interest in the said t ransaction.  
The transaction is at arm’s length.  
c. Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs.  Vibhav is engaged in the business of providing 
operation and maintenance services for wind 
power service providers within India.  
d. Objects and impact of acquisition 
(including but not limited to, disclosure 
of reasons for acquisition of target entity, 
if its business is outside the main line of 
business of the listed entity).  The investment has been made to enable Vibhav to 
fund the purchase cons ideration for the acquisition 
of the  O&M business undertaking of Wind World 
(India) Limited (“WWIL”) pursuant to the business 
transfer agreement executed between Vibhav and 
WWIL as per the terms of the Resolution Plan.  
e. Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition.  No government or regulatory approval is required.  
S. No.  Particulars  Details  
f. Indicative time period for completion of 
the acquisition.  Not Applicable  
The investment is being made in a wholly -owned 
subsidiary. Si nce the Company continues to hold 
100% of the equity share capital of Vibhav, there is 
no change in control or shareholding  
Allotment of equity shares by Vibhav has been 
completed  
g. Consideration – whether cash 
consideration or share swap or any other 
form and details of the same.  Cash consideration.  
h. Cost of acquisition and/or the price at 
which the shares are acquired.  Total consideration of Rs. 250 Crore for 
subscription to 25 Crore equity shares, each having 
face value of Rs. 10  each , issued at par on a rights 
issue basis.  
i. Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and / or number of shares 
acquired.  Vibhav is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company. There is no change in the Company’s 
percentage shareholding in Vibhav.  
j. Brie f background about the entity 
acquired in terms of products/line of 
business acquired, date of incorporation, 
history of last 3 years turnover, country in 
which the acquired entity has presence 
and any other significant information (in 
brief).  Vibhav was i ncorporated on July 10, 2017, and is 
engaged in the business of providing operation and 
maintenance services for major wind power service 
providers within India.  
 
Country: India  
 
The turnover of Vibhav in each of the last three 
years was Nil.  
 
 
  
Annexure – B 
Details of the inter -corporate deposit between Inox Green Energy Services Limited and 
Vibhav Energy Private Limited.  
S. No.  Particulars  Details  
a. Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered  Vibhav Energy Private Limited (“ Vibhav ”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary.  
b. Purpose of entering into the agreement  The facility has been made to Vibhav to enable 
Vibhav to fund the purchase consideration 
payable to Wind World (India) Limited 
(“WWIL ”) for the acquisition of the O&M 
business undertaking of WWIL pursuant to the 
business transfer agreement executed between 
Vibhav and WWIL in terms of the Resolution 
Plan.  
c. Size of the agreement  Rs. 200 Crore.  
d. Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed  The Company owns 100% of the equity share 
capital of Vibhav.  
e. Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share subscription in 
case of issuance of shares, right to restrict 
any change in capital structure etc.  
 The facility is an unsecured rupee loan, 
subordinated to the restructured debt and any 
other third -party debt, and shall not be repaid 
prior to full repayment of such debt. The facility 
carries a fixed interest rate of 12% per annum . 
The parties have the right to mutually agree to 
convert the outstanding amounts into securities 
or instruments of Vibhav, repayable as a bullet 
repayment on a date to be mutually agreed 
between the parties.  
f. Whether the said parties are related  to 
promoter/ promoter group/ group  
companies in any manner. If yes, nature of 
relationship.  Yes. Vibhav is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company.  
Other than the aforesaid shareholding 
relationship, Promoter / promoter group / group 
companies do not have any interest in the said 
transaction.  
g. Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions?  If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s length”  Yes, the loan constitutes a related party 
transaction.  
The transaction is being undertaken on a n arm’s 
length basis.  
h. In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued;  An amount upto Rs. 50 Crore (along with accrued 
interest) may be converted into equity/securities 
of Vibhav at a later date on such term s and 
conditions, as mutually agreed between the 
Parties.  
i. In case of loan agreements, details of 
lender/borrower, nature of the loan, total 
amount of loan granted/taken, total 
amount outstanding, date of execution of 
the  loan  agreement/sanction  let ter,  
details  of  the  security  provided  to  the 
lenders / by the borrowers for such loan or 
in case outstanding loans lent to a party or 
borrowed from a party become material on 
a cumulative basis  Lender: Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
Borrower: Vi bhav  
Nature of loan: Unsecured  
Total amount of loan granted: Rs. 200,00,00,000 
(Rupees Two Hundred Crore)  
Date of execution of the loan agreement / 
sanction letter: 25th September, 2026  
Details of the security provided to the lenders: 
Unsecured   
j. Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc.  Not Applicable  
k. In case of termination or amendment of 
agreeme nt, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s)  Not Applicable  
 
 