THRU ONLINE FILING  
O
ctober 17, 2025 
BSE Ltd. 
P
hiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code – 524494 National Stock Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – (East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code : IPCALAB 
D
ear Sir, 
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting held on 17th October, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Board of 
Directors of the Company, at their meeting held on Friday, 17th October, 2025 have, inter-alia, 
approved the following : 
As part of the Company’s operational strategy and to reduce number of manufacturing units 
and in order to minimize operational and other costs, the Company has decided to sell and 
transfer its drug intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) manufacturing 
unit situated at GIDC Industrial Estate, Ankleshwar – 393 002, alongwith all rights, title and 
interest in the leasehold land, factory buildings, plant & machineries, employees, business, 
etc. with respect to the said manufacturing facility to M/s. Suleshvari Pharma Private Ltd. on 
a slump sale basis, subject to necessary approvals, for a consideration of Rs. 22.15 crores. 
The sale of this manufacturing unit will not have any material impact on Company’s business 
and financials. 
The summary of proposed transaction is tabulated below as per requirement of SEBI LODR 
Regulations : 
1. Manufacturing unit /facility proposed 
to be sold Sale of the drug intermediates and bulk 
drugs manufacturing facility of the  
Company situated at leasehold Plot Nos. 
4722, 4723, 4724, 4730, 4731 and 4732 
at GIDC Industrial Estate, Ankleshwar – 
393 002 (Gujarat) on a slump sale basis. 
2. The amount and percentage of the 
turnover or revenue or income and 
net worth contributed by such unit 
or division or undertaking or 
subsidiary or associate company of 
the listed entity during the last 
financial year The revenue generated from this 
manufacturing unit in the financial year 
ended 31st March, 2025 was Rs. 50.24 
crores (0.74% of the total income of the 
Company). The current written down 
value of the assets of this manufacturing 
unit in the Company’s books of accounts 
is Rs. 15.80 crores. The sale of this 
manufacturing unit will not have any 
material impact on the Company’s 
business and financials. 
3. Date on which the agreement for 
sale has been entered into The agreement will be entered into in due 
course of time subject to necessary 
consent. 
4. The expected date of completion 
of sale On or before 31st December, 2025 or 
such other date as may be mutually 
agreed subject to the necessary consent 
from GIDC for the transfer of the 
leasehold rights on the land on which this 
manufacturing unit is situated. 
5. Consideration receivable from such 
sale Rs. 22.15 crores on a slump sale basis. 
6. Brief   details   of   buyers   and 
whether    the  buyer belong to the 
promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies. If yes, details thereof; M/s. Suleshvari Pharma Pvt. Ltd. 
It is a Company incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
It is engaged in the business of 
development, manufacture, distribution 
and sale of drug intermediates and bulk 
drugs. M/s. Suleshvari Pharma Pvt. Ltd. 
does not belong to the promoter/  
promoter group of the Company and is 
not a related party. 
7. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length” This transaction does not fall within the 
purview of related party transactions. 
8. Whether the sale, lease or disposal 
of the undertaking is outside 
Scheme of Arrangement? If yes, 
details of the same including 
compliance with regulation 37A of 
LODR Regulations The proposed sale of the undertaking is 
outside the scheme of arrangement. 
9. Name of the entity(ies) forming part 
of the slump sale, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc.; Please see information disclosed in 
Serial Nos. 1-6 above. 
10. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length”; This transaction does not fall within the 
purview of related party transactions. 
11. Area of business of the entity(ies) The Company is engaged in 
development, manufacturing, marketing 
and distribution of pharmaceuticals. 
M/s. Suleshvari Pharma Pvt. Ltd. is 
also engaged in the business of 
development, manufacture, distribution 
and sale of drug intermediates & bulk 
drugs. 
12. Rationale for slump sale Ongoing initiative of optimization of 
manufacturing facilities of the Company 
and reducing number of smaller 
manufacturing facilities so as to reduce 
overall administrative and other operating 
costs. 
13. In case of cash consideration – 
amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio Cash consideration of Rs. 22.15 crores. 
14. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity There will not be any change in the 
shareholding pattern of the Company 
due to this sale of manufacturing facility. 
Kindly note that the meeting started at 5.00 p.m. and concluded at 5.20 p.m. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Ipca Laboratories Limited 
Harish Kamath 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary  