 
 
  
 
 
THRU ONLINE FILING    
 
June 26, 2026 
 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code :  524494  National Stock Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – (East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code : IPCALAB  
 
 
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting  
 
 
 
This is to inform you that at the meeting of the Bo ard of Directors of the Company held today, 
the Board has approved the Scheme of Amalgamation of Krebs Biochemicals & Indus tries 
Ltd. ("Transferor Company") with the Company (“Ipca La boratories Ltd.”) (“Transferee 
Company”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013.  
 
The aforesaid Scheme of Amalgamation is subject to necessary approvals under the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The Appointed Date for the Scheme is 1 st  
April, 2026 and it shall be operative from the Effectiv e Date upon receipt of all the 
consents and approvals as defined in the Scheme. 
 
Enclosed herewith please find the relevant disclosu re pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) R egulations, 2015. 
 
Please note that the Board Meeting commenced at 11. 30 a.m. and concluded at 1.00 p.m. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Ipca Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
Harish Kamath 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary 
ACS 6792 
 
Encl : a/a 
 
 
  
Sr.No.  Particulars Disclosure 
1.  Name of the entities forming part of the 
amalgamation / merger, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc.   Ipca Laboratories Limited (Transferee 
Company); and 
 Krebs Biochemicals & Industries Ltd. 
(Transferor Company). 
 
The Standalone Audited Total Income of 
the Transferee Company for the financial 
year ended 31 st  March, 2026 was          
Rs. 7431 Crores.  
 
The Audited Total Income of the 
Transferor Company for the financial year 
ended 31 st  March, 2026 was Rs. 26 
Crores, mostly from conversion charges 
received from Transferee Company. 
2.  Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at “arms 
length” Yes. The transaction would fall within the 
related party transactions and is being 
done at arm’s length basis. 
3.  Area of business of the entities Both the entities are engaged in the 
Manufacturing and Marketing of 
Pharmaceuticals.  
4.  Rationale for Amalgamation / Merger The need and rationale for the 
proposed Amalgamation/Merger is as 
under:   
 
a. The Amalgamation / merger of 
Transferor/Amalgamating Company 
into the Transferee/Amalgamated 
Company will result in operational 
synergies resulting in cost 
optimization. 
 
b. The merger would result in 
consolidation of business of  the 
Amalgamating Company with the 
business of the Amalgamated 
Company thereby resulting in an 
increased business  of the combined 
entity. 
 
c. Reduction of administrative 
responsibilities, multiplicity of records 
and statutory, legal and regulatory 
compliances.  
 
 
 
  
d. The Amalgamating Company has the 
capability and manufacturing facility to 
manufacture the fermentation based 
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients 
(APIs) which capability and facility the 
Amalgamated Company does not 
have. Thus, the Scheme will enable 
the Amalgamated Company to 
Research, develop and 
commercialize new fermentation 
based APIs and increase its business. 
 
e. The Amalgamating Company 
produces one of the fermentation 
based API which is used as a 
therapeutic ingredient in the largest 
selling formulation of the 
Amalgamated Company. There are 
only a handful manufacturers of this 
API in the world. The Scheme will 
secure the uninterrupted supply of 
this API to the Amalgamated 
Company.  
 
f. The Amalgamating Company 
produces few drug intermediates that 
are used by the Amalgamated 
Company in manufacturing of their 
key Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (APIs). The Scheme will 
secure the uninterrupted supply of 
these drug intermediates to the 
Amalgamated Company. 
 
g. The Amalgamating Company is 
continuously incurring losses and is 
unable to spend on research and 
development for development of  new 
fermentation based APIs so as to 
optimally utilize its manufacturing 
capabilities and increase its business. 
The Scheme,  with financial strength, 
technical and marketing capabilities of 
the Amalgamated Company will 
facilitate this. 
 
 
 
  
 
5.  In Case of cash consideration – amount 
or otherwise share exchange ratio There shall be no cash consideration 
payable under the Scheme. 
 
As consideration for the amalgamation, 
the Transferee Company shall, without 
any further act or deed, issue and allot 
7 (Seven) fully paid-up equity shares of 
Re. 1/- each of the Transferee 
Company for every 200 (Two Hundred) 
fully paid-up equity shares of Rs. 10/- 
each held in the Transferor Company 
(save and except to the Transferee 
Company) whose names are recorded 
in the register of members as a member 
of the Transferor Company, on the 
record date to be decided under the 
Scheme.  
 
The equity shares and preference 
shares of the Transferor Company, held 
by the Transferee Company, shall stand 
cancelled and extinguished under this 
Scheme with it being clarified that no 
shares will be issued and no 
consideration will be paid, in lieu of the  
shareholding of the Transferee 
Company in the Transferor Company, 
which will be cancelled upon the 
effectiveness of the Scheme.  
 
 
 
  
 
 
     6. Brief Details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed entity Due to merger, the promoter shareholding 
in the amalgamated company will reduce 
and the public shareholding will increase 
to the extent of shares issued to 
shareholders of transferor company 
(except to transferee company) in the 
above share exchange ratio.   
 
The  pre and post-amalgamation 
shareholding of the Transferee Company 
(Ipca Laboratories Limited) upon the 
Scheme becoming effective is as under : 
 
Pre-Scheme shareholding pattern 
 
Category  Shares  % 
Promoters  11,34,67,472  44.72%  
Public  14,02,36,746  55.28%  
Total  25,37,04,218  100.00%  
 
Post-amalgamation shareholding pattern 
 
Category  Shares  % 
Promoters  11,34,67,472  44.66 % 
Public  14,06,16,685  55.34 % 
Total  25,40,84,157  100.00 % 
 
 
 
 
 