 
August  26, 2026  
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001.  Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C -1 Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Ref.: Scrip Code: 532947, Symbol: IRB  
 
Subject:  Scheme of Amalgamation of certain wholly owned subsidiaries with IRB  
Infrastructure Developers Limited  – Holding Company     
                            
This is to inform that the Board of Directors of the Company , at its meeting held today i.e. August  
26, 2026,  has, inter -alia, considered and  approved the Scheme of Amalgamation  (Scheme”)  
amongst : 
1. ATR Infrastructure Private Limited ;  
2. Aryan Toll Road Private Limited ;  
3. Aryan Hospitality Private Limited ;  
4. IRB Goa Tollway Private Limited ;  
5. IRB Infra Industries Private Limited ;  
6. GE1 Expressway Private Limited ;  
7. IRB PS Highway Private Limited ;  
8. Mhaiskar Infrastructure Private Limited and  
9. Thane G hodbunder  Toll Road Private Limited  
(collectively referred to as the " Transferor Companies ") 
 
- with IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited  (hereinafter referred as “IRBIDL” or “Company” 
or “Transferee Company” ) and their respective shareholders pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
The proposed amalgamation is intended to simplify the group structure, improve operational 
efficiencies, optimize resource utilization and reduce administrative and compliance costs.  
The Transferor Companies are wholly -owned subsidiaries (directly and/or indirectly held 
through intermediate subsidiary companies)  of IRBIDL . Accordingly, pursuant to Regulation 
37(6) of the LODR Regulations, the Scheme is exempt from the requirement of obtaining a No -
Objection Letter / Observation Letter from the Stock Exchanges.  
 
 
 
Since the Transferor Companies are wholly -owned subsidiaries of IRBIDL , no consideration shall 
be payable and no shares shall be issued by the IRBDIL  pursuant to the Scheme. Consequently, 
there shall be no change in the shareholding pattern of IRBIDL upon the Scheme becoming 
effective.  
 
The Scheme is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals under applicable laws, 
including the approval of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench.  
 
The disclosure required pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with the SEBI Master Circular is enclosed herewith as 
Annexure A. 
The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 3:00 p.m. and concluded at 4:10 p.m. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.irb.co.in/home/ . 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited  
 
 
Mehul Patel  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
 
 
 
Annexure A – Details of Amalgamation  
Particulars  Details  
Name of the entity(ies ) forming part of 
the amalgamation/merger, details in 
brief such as size, turnover, etc.  Transferor Companies:  
ATR Infrastructure Private Limited  (“ATRFL”) ,  
Aryan Toll Road Private Limited  (“ATRPL”) ,  
Aryan Hospitality Private Limited  (“AHPL”) ,  
IRB Goa Tollway Private Limited  (“IRBGoa”) ,  
IRB Infra Industries Private Limited  (“IIIPL ”),  
GE1 Expressway Private Limited  (“GE1”) ,  
IRB PS Highway Private Limited  (“IRBPS”) ,  
Mhaiskar Infrastructure Private Limited  (“MIPL”) ,  
Thane Ghodbunder  Toll Road Private Limited 
(“TGTRPL”)  
Transferee Company:  
IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited , (“IRBIDL”)  
                                                              
(INR in crores ) 
Name  of 
Company  Networth  as 
on June 30, 
2026  Turnover  for 
the quarter  
ended June 
30, 2026  
IRBIDL 16,024 .40 1,230 .26 
ATRFL  225.14 Nil 
ATRPL  135.78  Nil 
AHPL  (9.75) 0.12 
IRBGoa  100.36  Nil 
IIIPL  16.67   Nil 
GE1 (0.09)  Nil 
IRBPS  (0.36)  Nil 
MIPL  2,253.90  Nil 
TGTRPL  86.47  Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length”  The Scheme involves the amalgamation of wholly -
owned subsidiary companies with the holding 
company. Therefore, it is exempted as per 
Regulation 23(5)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  
  
Furthermore, in accordance with the General 
Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 2014, issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,  transactions 
resulting from compromises, arrangements, and 
amalgamations under the Companies Act 2013, are 
not subject to the  requirements of Section 188 of 
Companies Act, 2013.  
Area of business of the entity(ies)  Infrastructure, road projects, tolling, hospitality and 
allied businesses  
Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  Simplification of group structure, operational 
synergies, reduction of compliance and 
administrative costs, and enhanced management 
oversight.  
In case of cash consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange ratio 
Consideration  No consideration shall be payable. The entire share 
capital of Transferor Companies are directly / 
indirectly held by IRBIDL and no shares shall be 
issued pursuant to the Scheme.  
Brief details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of the listed entity  There will be no change in the shareholding pattern 
of IRBIDL pursuant to the aforesaid Scheme, as no 
shares would be issued by the Company in 
consideration for  the amalgamation.  
 