JK Cement Ltd. 
CIN: L17229UP1994PLCO17199 
J K( : YN | Registered Office 
& Kamia Tower, Kanpur -208001, U.P-, India 
(@ 491-512-2371478 t0 85 @ +91-512-2399854 
& shambhu.singh@jkcement.com 
@ www.jkcement.com 
JKCL/CS/SE/2025(BM6) 15% October, 2025 
The BSE Ltd. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001 Scrip Code: JKCEMENT (ISIN.INE 
Scrip Code:532644 (ISIN.INE 823G01014) 823G01014) 
Through BSE Listing Centre Through : NEAPS 
Dear Sirs, 
Re:  Update on Scheme of Amalgamation of Toshali Cements Pvt. Ltd (wholly 
owned Subsidiary) with JKCement Ltd (‘the Company’). 
By our intimation dated 12 September, 2025 we informed you that the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj, (“NCLT”) by an order passed on 
12.925 in Company Petition No. CP(CAA) 15/ALD/2025 connected with Company 
Application No. 04/ALD of 2025 had sanctioned the Scheme of Amalgamation of Toshali 
Cements Pvt. Ltd (Wholly owned subsidiary or “Toshali”) with the Company with effect from 
1%t January, 2024 (Appointed Date). The electronic copy of the order was also attached 
therewith. 
However, the Scheme would become effective on the date on which the certified copy(ies) of 
the said order sanctioning the Scheme are received by the Companies and filed with the 
Registrar of Companies/Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 
We are pleased to inform you that we received the certified copy of the order and also Order 
Passed in IA No.61/2025 allowing amendment in Order dated 12.9.2025 (correcting Registrar 
of Companies, Kanpur instead of Registrar of Companies, Dehradum)(‘the said Order’). 
Today the Company and Toshali have filed the said Order with Reigstrar of 
Companies/MCA, hence the scheme has become effective from today. 
Kindly take the same on your record and oblige. 
For JK Cement Ltd. 
N ) 
Shambhu Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS: 5836 
Encl: As above 
- - - 
Corporate Office JK SGPER JKSBPER  ccoar op— 
o Prism Tower, Ninaniya Estate, Gwal Pahari, CEMENT STRONG maxX W White Portand Cament 
Gurugram, Haryana-122102 BUILD SAFE BUILD SAFE 
© +0124-6919000 Manufacturing Units at : 
@ prismtower@jkcement.com Nimbahera, Mangrol, Gotan (Rajasthan) | Muddapur (Karnataka) 
Iharli (Haryanal | Panna, Ujjain, Katni (M.P.) | Balasinor (Gujarat) 
49 www.jkcement.com Aligarh, Hamirpur, Prayagra] (U.P.) 
DIVISION BENCH ITEM NO.6 w TRIBUNAL 
NATIONAL COMPANY LA A 
ALLAHABAD BEN 
PRAYAGRAJ . ik 
61/2025 09,2 
y i ed v.0. CA (CAA) No.04/ALD/2025 (Second Motion) (D M__&M 
CORAM: 
1. SH. PRAVEEN GUPTA, 
HON’BLE MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
2. SH.ASHISH VERMA, 
HOIBLUMEMBER (TECHNICALI))ate of Order: 9™ October, 2025 
Attendance-Cum-Order Sheet of the Hearing. MENTS PVT. LID. TOSHALL CE ‘J NAME OF THE COMPANY s TR cEMENI ;{Z‘;‘Aa w5 
] /232 OF COMP. = [ UNDER SECTION 230 CALI VIRTUAL HEARING: COUNSEL APPEARED THROUGH PHYSI R pr Sh. Rahul Agarwal, Adv. : For the Petitioner/ Appli 
ORDER 1A No.61/2025 
1. This application has been filed for seeking rectification of the order dated 
12.09.2025 due to some inadvertent errors in the said order. 
2. Ld. Counsel representing the Applicant submits that in para no.28 of the 
Companies, Dehradun for registration. He also submits that both the companies to the Scheme are situated within the jurisdiction of ROC, 
Kanpur, therefore the para n0.31 mentioning about the Registrar of Companies, Dehradun, may be deleted. 
Therefore, in view of the averments made in the application as well as the submissions made by the Ld. Counsel representing the Applicant, let the Parano.31 be deleted frgm the aforesaid order dated 12,09.2025. -Sd- 
“n- -Sd-
~F 
4. Another inadvertent error has been pointed out that in para no.6 of th‘e aforesaid order, which g there at running page no.11 of the paper book in the second line, ‘company application’ has been mentioned. 
5. Since this is a sceond motion petition, therefore instead of ‘company application’, it is to be read as ‘company petition’. 
6. The 1A No.61/2025 is therefore allowed with the aforesaid amendments in the order dated 12.09.2025, and stands disposed off accordingly. 
The remaining part of the order would remain the same. 
-Sd- 
-Sd- (Ashish Vermg) 
(Praveen Gupta) Member (Technical) 
Member (Judicial) 9h October, 2025 
Kavva Prakash Srivastavq (Stenographer) 
oonallo, Mg W\%Q&M 
13)10]9g 
ey s B S L1 tational Gorie U :‘.a'x\a\aadkem.\ 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
ALLAHABAD BENCH 
COMPANY PETITION CP (CA?) NO. 15/ALD/2025 
Connected with s 
COMPANY APPLICATION CA (CAA) NO. 04/ALD /202! 
(Under Sections 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
- . In the matter of Section 230(6) read with Section ?32(3) and oél:);: d?g:;:cs( 
rovisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Fhe (,om}'m.me(;i(6 p: n 
P Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 21 
And 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION OF 
1. TOSHALI CEMENTS PRIVATE LIMITED . A company incotporated under Companies ‘\c.t, 1956, having its Registered Office at Kamla "Tower, 29/1 Dwankadheea:h Road, Kanpur Nagar- 208001, Uttar Pradesh, India with PAN: AABCT8989K and the CIN: U26942UP2002PTC21 1282 
........ Petitioner Company No.1/Transferor Company/ .\mnlgamadng 
Company 
with 2. J.K. CEMENT LIMITED 
A company incorporated under Companies Act, 1956, having it Registered Office ar Kaml, 2 Tower, 29/1 Dwarikadheesh Road Kanpur Nagar - 208001, Uttar Pradesh, India, with PAN; * AABCJO355R and the CIN: IA17229UI’1994P1‘C01719‘) 
........ Petitioner Company No.2/Transferce Comp;my/f\mn]gnm;ncd 
C iompzmy 
ORDER . The petitioner companies filed application/petition under Section 230/232 of the ( Act, 2013 read wigh Companies ( I\m:\]gmnnlmn) 
Provisions of the Comp, -ompanies 
Compromisx's, Arrangements  anq Rules, 2016 and  other applicable anics Act, 2013 applicable Provisions, if algamation (*Scheme” 
ili Comenty Py, Lid. (4} and other any, for sanction of the Scheme of Am: 
ot “Scheme of ,\mnlp,mnmum”) of Tash, 
O “Iransferor Comp 
No. 27 gy« Petitiongy Company No. 1” Any”) with | K Cemeny Limited, (*Petitioner Company “Iransferee ( -Ompany”) 
)
9 
By the present petition, the petitioner companics had prayed to 
sanction the Scheme of Amalgamation mentioned in paragtaph 1 of this 
petition, to be binding with effect from the 1st day of January, 2024 on the 
Pedtioner Companies, their shareholders, creditors and all concerned as per 
the terms of the Scheme. 
Previously, the petitioner companics had filed Company Application 
No. 4/ALD/2025. 
This Tribunal, vide its order dated 05.3.2025 in Company Application 
No. 5/ALD/2025, dispensed with the requitement of convening the 
meetings of Equity Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors of the Transferor 
Company and ditected that the Transferee Company is not required to file 
any application or petition for sanction of the Scheme under Sections 230 
and 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 as there is no compromise or 
arrangement whatsoever between the Transferee Company and a}ly classes 
of persons within the meaning of Scction 230 or 232 of the Companies Act. 
2013. This Tribunal convened the meeting of Unsccured Creditors of the 
Transferor Company, which was held on 26.04.2025 where the Scheme was 
duly approved by the Unsecured Creditors. 
“T'his Tribunal, vide its order dated 02.06.2025, directed the petitioner 
companies to serve notice upon: a) the jurisdictional Income Tax Authority 
for the petitioner companies within whose jurisdiction, the assessment of the 
petitioner companies is made; b) the Central Government through the office 
of the Regional Director, Northern Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
New Delhi; ¢) the Registrar of Companies Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh within 
whose jurisdiction the petitioner companies are registered; d) the Official 
Liquidator, Allahabad; and also directed to effect newspaper publication in 
“Business Standard” (Vinglish) and “Dainik Jagran” (Hindi), where the 
registered office of the petitioner companies is situate. 
“The Tribunal examined the report/affidavit of the Regional Director 
(Northern Region), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, New Delhi along with the
s objection has been dealt with by the Petitioner Companies. This objection has not been found 
tenable by this Tribunal in the final order dated 12.09.2025, a5 corrected by order dated 09.10.2025, to be legally 
Upon hearing Shi Navin Sinha, S enior Advocate assisted by Shri Rahul Agarwal and Aniket Agarwal, Advocates for the Petitioner Company and perusal of teports/ affidavits filed by statutory authorities, this Tribunal finds that the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation does not seem to be contrary to the public policy, nor prejudicial to the interest of shareholders or detrimental to public interest at large. In addition to above, all the statutory compliance either seems to have been complied with or further undertaken for making compliances by Petitioner Companies. Therefore, the present Petition descrves to be allowed in terms of its Prayer clause, In the result, the Scheme of Amalgamation annexed to Company Petition is duly approved and sanctioned with effect from the commencement of business 
hours on the appointed date mentioned in the Scheme ie. January 1, 2024, 
THIS TRIBUNAL DO HEREBY SANCTION THE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION SET FORTH AS ANNEXURE A OF THE 
PETITION HEREIN AND IN THE SCHEDULES HERETO AND 
DOTH HEREBY DECLARE THE SAME TO BE BINDING ON 
THE SHAREHOLDERS, SECURED CREDITORS AND 
UNSECURED CREDITORS OF THE  ABOVENAMED 
PETITIONER COMPANIES AND ALSO ON THE SAID 
PETITIONER COMPANIES WITH EFFECT FROM THE 
APPOINTED DATE ie. WITH EFFECT FROM THE
Y 
COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS HOURS ON JANUARY 1, 
2024. 
AND THIS TRIBUNAL DOTH ORDER: 
L The Scheme of Amalgamation is sanctioned to be binding with 
effect from the 1st day of January, 2024 on Toshali Cements 
Private Limited and JK Cement Ltd,, its shareholders, creditors 
and all concerned as per the terms of the Scheme and as follows: 
bl 
iv) Upon the Scheme becoming effectve, all the property, 
tights and powers of Toshali Cements Private Limited, 
including those specified in Schedule of Asscts herein, be 
transferred, without any further act or deed, to JK. 
Cement Limited and, accordingly, the same shall pursuant 
to Section 232(4) of the Companies Act, 2013, be 
transferred to and vest in J.K. Cement Limited for all the 
estate and interest of Toshali Cements Private Limited 
therein but subject nevertheless to all charges now 
affecting the same as provided in the said Scheme; 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, all the debts, 
liabilidcs, duties and obligations of Toshali Cements 
Private Limited be transferred, without any further act or 
deed, to J.K. Cement Limited and, accordingly, the same 
shall pursuant to Section 232(4) of the Companies Act, 
2013, be transferred to and become the debts, liabilities, 
duties and obligations of J.K. Cement Limited; 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the employees of 
Toshali Cements Private Limited shall be engaged by J.K. 
Cement Limited as provided in the Scheme; 
Upon the Scheme becoming cffective, all proceedings 
and/or suits and/or appeals now pending by or against
< 
Toshali Cements Private Limited be continued by or 
against ]. K. Cement Limited; 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, Toshali Cements 
Private Limited shall stand amalgamated with J.K, 
Cement Limited with effect from January 1, 2024 and its 
name shall be struck off from the records of the 
Registrar of Companies, Kanpur; 
vi)  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the authorized 
share capital of Toshali Cements Private Limited shall 
stand amalgamated combined with and be added to the 
authorized share capital of J.K. Cement Limited; 
vii)  Upon the Scheme becoming cffective, all other maters 
covered by the Scheme shall take effect subject to and in 
terms of the Scheme; 
1L “The Petitioner Companies shall, within thirty days of the date of 
the receipt of this order dated 12092025 as corrected on 
09.10.2025, cause a certified copy theteof to be delivered to the 
Registrar of Companies for registration; 
I Any person shall be at liberty to apply to the Hon’ble Tribunal in 
the above matter for any directions that may be necessary; and 
All concerned regulatory authorities to act on a copy of this 
order annexed with the Scheme of Amalgamation duly 
authenticated by the Assistant Registrar, National Company 
Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench. 
SCHEDULE - 1 
Scheme of Amalgamation as sanctioned by the Tribunal
Nalioy, 
. 4 * o, Dated: 1319252 SCHEDULE -2 
Schedule of Assets 
(Attached) 
P05 o V% Registrar 
V.K. Asthana 
Deputy Registrar 
National Company Law Tribunal 
d Bench, Prayagraj (U.P.) 
QCHEDULE — L 
SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION 
(UNDER SECTION 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE 
CCOMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND THE RULES MADE THEREUNDER) 
OF 
TOSHALI CEMENTS PRIVATE LIMITED 
(AMALGAMATING COMPANY/TRANSFEROR COMPANY) 
WITH 
J. K CEMENT LIMITED 
(AMALGAMATED COMPANY/TRANSFEREE COMPANY) 
AND 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS 
P A »‘CAWLH For JK. Cement Led, ke TR v Pmu‘!humb 
1ce President and “ompany See, " FCS.5836 R
ATH OVERVIEW OR THE ScHBsgg 
This 
relev; 
The Scheme (defined in Part 
and Amalgamating Company, Scheme of Amalgamation is ant provisions of the 2013 
i Cements Private 
) with LK. Cement Limited ) on a going concem basis with effect Part I below) being 01" January, 2024 and consequent dissolution thout being wound up (in terms of Part I of the Scheme)- 
below) involves the Amalgamated Company as holding company being its wholly owned subsidiary. 
1. Toshali Cements Private Limited =" Lements Private Limited 
(a) 
3 3 
J.K Cement 
(a) 
(b) LK. Cement Limited (CIN: L17229UP1994PLC017'I9‘)) (PAN: AABCJ035SR) is a public company limited by shares, incorporated on 24 November, 1994 under the provisions of the 1956 Act (defined in Part I below) and is having its registered office at Kamla Tower, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India, 208001 
JK. Cement Limited is engaged in the may 
and cementous products and it's eq 
India Limited & The BSE Limited, nufacturing and selling of inter alia grey Cement uity shares are listed on National Stock Excl hange of 
ForJK. Cement Ltd, 
Yhowp \} / 
(Shambhy Sirfgh) Vice President and Company Secretary FCS.5838
©) e AMalgamay, et c:a‘ ‘:eifefe::m‘ny 
|:  Well-establighe 
Company, Manufactyrip and markeripg o WhIE Cement ey S and other gy, 270 " b 
g Materiglg | g‘::;c:‘l:n;: 
nufaclunng facilities A€ Situateq 5 Nimbaheu. Mangrq) and Gol;:l: lh{: .l JFu an, 'Palma " the State of Madhya Pradesh, d uddapur 1 the State of i 
<, its &rinding units o situated at Jhagi; i the State f Haryan,, Balasinor ‘rp‘l:l'e o'; G\sg it ,f Nain in the State of Madhy, Prades, and Aligay] Praylgm & N the State o - Its white Cement manufacqy; 
i at Gotan i the State of Rajasthan, Italso 
il S the State op Raj . has a way putty mlnufncmring facility o Gotan j Katnj in the State of Madhy, Pradesh, 
@) the consolidation of business Would create Synergies between the businesses of the Companies (defineq i poyy 1 below), therety, cnabling pooling of fingncig), marketing, technical, distribution ang Other resources along wity OPHMUM Utliation of resoyrges ®  the Scheme woyyg ), 
(©)  the consolidation of business would result in Smplification of the ¢yiging corporate ate administmive d\lplica(ions, Consequently Tationalisation of XPENSeS/ services as well g reducing multiple tegas gng regulatory \ 
compliances; \’\%hab;qw") a0 B (@) the Seheme would engpie J, 8rey cement in €astern Indj customer needs on the basis the in eastem India; =2 » 
(e)  the <consolidation of business 
Pool leading to improved expertise, skills and capabil and growth for the employees in their futyre carcer oppg 
For J K. Cement Ltd, —— 
W ¢ 3 G KBEE Pt L 
(Sharmt =~.:.‘%'“i¢gh> I agpveriva 
Vice President and Comgiuny Secretary A omm., 
FCS-5836
(O 
(®)  thus, this Scheme, as envisaged, is in the interest of the shareholders, creditors. employees, and other stakeholders of cach of the Companies by pursuing a focused busipecs approach under a single entity, thereby resulting in overall maximization of value creation of all the stakeholders involved. 
2 The respective Board of Directors (as defined in Part I below) or duly authorised fepresentatives of JK. Cement Limited and Toshali Cements Private Limited at their meetings held on 26" October, 2024 after detailed deliberation and due consideration. have approved the Scheme of Amalgamation as provided hereinafter. 
D.. . GENERAL 
This Scheme is divided into the following parts: 
(@) Part1 provides for the definitions and interpretation; 
®)  Part I provides for the cap ital structure of Toshali Cements Private Limited and J.K. Cement Limited; 
(€) Part INl provides for the Amalgamation of Toshali Cements Private Limited with 1K, Cement Limited and matters incidental thereto; 
(@ PartIV deals with other general terms and conditions as applicable to this Scheme, 
PART I~ DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
L1. Inthis Scheme, unless inconsistent with the subject or context, the following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings: \ 
“1956 Act” means the Com Panies Act, 1956 and the rules and regulations made thereunder as may be applicable; ) 
( g “2013 Act” means the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules and regulations made thereunder, and Z, - includes any alterations, modifications, amendments made thereto and/or any re-enactment \o*, = & thereofs Nt M 
“Amalgamating Company” or “Transferor Company” means Toshali Cements Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of .. Cement Limited (“Amalgamated Company” or “Transferee Company”), registered as u private company limited by shares, incorporated on 13 August, 2002 under the provisions of the 1956 Act. The registered office of Amalgamating Company is situated at Kamla Tower, 29/1 Dwarikadheesh Road, Kanpur, Bara Chauraha, Kanpur Nagar- 208001, Uttar Pradesh, India, 
“Amalgamated Company” or “Transferes Compauy” means J.K. Cement Limited, a public company limited by shares and listed on Stock Exchanges, incorporated on 24* November, 1994 under the provisions of the 1956 Act and having its registered office at Kamla Tower, 29/1, Dwarikadheesh Road, Kanpur 208001, Uttar Pradesh, India. 
For JX. Cement Ltd. 
pran % 
(Shambhu Sidgh) x Vice President and Company Seeretary Signatory 
FCS-5836 
I 
“Amalgamation' means the amalgamation ofthe Amalgamating Company with the Amalgarated Company. on a g oing concem basis, under Sections 230-232 of the 2013 Act and in accordance with Section 2(IB) of the Income Tax Act, in terms of Part I1] of the Scheme; 
“Applicable Laws” shall mean any national, foreign, provincial, local or other law. statutc, notification, bye-laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, rule of common law, policy, code, directives, treaies, decres, circulars, ordinance, oders, judgements, decisions or instructons having the force of law enacted or issued by any Appropriate Authority, including any statutory modification OF re-enactment thereof for the time being in foree; 
“"Appointed Date” means 01" January, 2024 or such other date as the Hon'ble NCLT may decide/ approve, being the date with effect from which the Scheme shall becom e operative and / or be deemed to have become operative as stated herein; 
"Authorized Share Capital" shall have the meaning assigned under Section 2(8) of the 2013 Act: 
“Appropriate Authority” means and includes any govemmental body (central, state or local Govemment), legislative body, statutory body, departmental or public body, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any cour, tribunal, board, bureau, instrumentality, judicial or arbitral body, or any other authorities operating under the force of law, including but not restricted to the Registrar of Companies, Hon’ble NCLT, the Stock Exchanges, SEBI, Income Tax Authorities, and other applicable authorities to the extent that the rules, regulations and standards, requiremens, procedures or orders of such authorty. body or other organization have the force of law as may be relevant i the context; 
“Board of Directors” or “Board” in relation to ‘Companies, as the case may be, means the Board of Directors of such respective company, and shall include a duly constituted commitee or sub- committee thereof or any person authorised by such Board of Directors or any person authorised by such commitiee or sub-committee duly constituted or sppointed by the Board and authorised forthe purposes of matters pertaining to the Scheme and/or any other matter relating thereto: 
wation “CIN" means Corporate Identification Number issucd by the Registrar of Companies; 
S * 
“Companies” shall callectively mean the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company; 
“Effective Date” shall mean the last of the dates on which all the conditions and matters referred to in Clause 23 occur or have been fulfilled, obtained or waived (if and to the extent possible), as applicable in accordance with the Scheme. References in this Scheme to date of ‘this Scheme becoming effective’ or ‘coming into cffect of this Scheme’ shall mean the Effective Date; 
“Encumbrance” means any options, pledge, mortgage, lien, security, interest, claim, charge, pre- emptive right, eassment, limitation, attachment, restraint or any other encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever, and the term “Encumbered" shall be construed accordingly; 
“Income Tax Act” means the Income Tax Act, 1961 including any amendments made therein or statutory modifications or re-cnactments thereof for the time being in force and rules and regulations, circulars, and notifications issued thereunder, each as amended from time to time and 
For JX. Cement Ltd, For Toshall D] Yo N9 g ! e (Shambhu Singp) e, Vice President and Company Secretary Signatory FC3-5836
|2 
to extent in force; 
“IND AS” means the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the 2013 Act, 
26 notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015; 
“Legal Proceedings” means proceedings of whatsoever nature, civil or crivminal. including any 
notices, disputes, suits, actions, appeals, arbitrations, execution proceedings. revisions, Wﬂ]t 
petitions, suits and taxation proceedings, pending before any Court, statutory or quasi-judicial 
authority or tribunal; 
«Liabilities” means all preseat and future liabilites, whether or not provided in the books of 
accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of the Amalgamating Company including contingent 
iabilitis, deferred tax labilitics, sccurcd and unsceurcd debts (whether in Indian rupees or foreign 
currency), duties and obligations (including under any licenses or permits or schemes of every 
kind) of every kind, nature and description whatsoever and howsoever arising, raised or incurred 
or utilised for its business activities and operations along with any charge. Encumbrance. including 
bank guarantees thereon; 
“NCLT" or “Hon"ble NCLT” means the Hon'ble Bench of the National Company Law Tribul.ul 
at Allahabad and shall include, if applicable, such other forum or authority as may be vested with 
the powers of a National Company Law Tribunal under 2013 Act; 
“NCLT Sanction Order” or “NCLT Order” means the order of NCLT Allahabad sanctioning 
the Scheme under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 2013 Act, including 
any alterations, modifications, amendments made thereto and supplementary orders/directions in 
relation thereto: 
“PAN" means Permanent Account Number issued by the Income Tax department; 
“Registrar of Companies” means the Registrar of Companies at Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh; B\ 
A ) £ 
" & ‘, 
Wationg; “Seheme” or “the Scheme” or “this Scheme” or “Scheme of Amalgamation” means this Scheme 
of Amalgamation pursuant to Section 230 to 232 of the 2013 Act and all other applicable 
provisions thereunder, in its present form, with such modification(s) and amendments as may be 
made from time to time as per Clause 21, submitted to the NCLT or any other Appropriate 
Authority with any modification(s) thereto as the NCLT or any other Appropriate Authority may 
require, direot or approve; - 
“SEBT" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India; 
“Stock Exchanges” mean the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and The BSE 
Limited (“BSE”), wherein equity shares of J.K. Cement Limited are listed: 
1.2, All terms and words used but not defined in this Scheme shall, unless repugnant or contrary to the 
context or meaning thereof, have the same meaning ascribed to them under the 2013 Act, the 
Income Tax Act and other Applicable Laws, rules, directions, guidelines, regulations, bye-laws, as the case may be or any statutory modification or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force. 
13.  Inthis Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
For JK. Cement Ltd. 
Por Toshali Pvile ‘”«w&? ) 
ppr e (Shambhusiﬂy 
Signatory i Vice President and Company Seeretary 
FCS-5836
(@ 
®) 
(© 
@ 
() 
@ 
0] 
) 12 
words denoting singular shall include plural and vice versa; 
headings and bold typeface are only for convenience and shall be ignored for the purposes of interpretation; 
references to the word “include” or “including” shall be construed without limitation; 
a reference to an article, clause, section or paragraph is, unless indicated to the contrary, a reference to an article, clause, section or paragraph of this Scheme: 
unless otherwise defined, the reference to the word “days” shall mean calendar days; 
references to dates and times shall be construed to be references to Indian dates and times: 
reference to a document includes an amendment or supplement to, or replacement or novation of that document; and 
references to a person include any individual, firm, body corporate (whether incorporated or not), Government, state or agency of a state or any joint venture, association, partnership, works councillor or employee representative body (whether or not having separate legal personality); 
references to any of the term taxes, duty, levy, cess in the Scheme shall be construed as reference to all of them whether jointly or severally; 
word(s) and expression(s) elsewhere defined in the Scheme wil have the meaning(s) respectively ascribed to them. 
any reference to any statute or statutory provision shall include: 
i) all subordinate legislations made from time to time under that provision (whether or ot amended, modified, re-enacted or consolidated from time to time) and any retrospective amendment; and 
i) such provision s from time to fime amended, modified, re-enacted o consolidated (whether before or after the filing of this Scheme) to the extent such amendment. modification, re-cnactment or consalidation applics oris capable of applying to the matters contemplated under ths Scheme and (o the extent lability there under may exist o can arise) shll include any past statutory provision (as amended, modified, re-enacted or cansolidated from time to time) which the provision referred to has directly or indirectly replaced. 
2. DATE OF TAKING EFFECT AND OPERATIVE DATE 
The Scheme asset out herein i s present form or with any modification(s, as may be approved or imposed or directed by any authority, unlss otherwise specified n the Scheme. shall becorme operative from the Appointed Date but shll come into effect on the Effective Date, Therefore, o all regulatory and tax purposes, the Amalgamation would be deemed 10 be operative from the Appointed Date of this Scheme, 
Por Toshali For J K. Cement Ltd. 
v (Shambhu Singh) 5 Vice President and C ompany Seeretary Signatory 
FCS-5838
[4 
PART II - SHARE CAPITAL 
3. SHARE CAPITAL 
3.1 Toshali Cements Private Limited (“Amalgamating Company” or “Transferor Company™) 
The Capital Structure of Toshali Cements Private Limited as on 30" September. 2024 —_ 
A Authorised Share Capital Amount (INR) | | 95,00,000 Equity Shares of X100 each 95,00,00,000 : 50,00.000 Preference Sharcs of 2100 each 50,00.00.000 | Total 
| 1,45,00,00,000 |B._Issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital | Amount (INR) 93.74,770 Equity Shares of % 100 each 93,74.77.000 Tota] 
[ 93,74,77,000 
All equity shares of the Amalgamating Company are held by the Amalgamated Company along with its nominecs, thereby making the Amalgamating Company a ‘Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” of the Amalgamated Company. 
The amalgamating Company is a Private Limited Company 
32, JK. Cement Limited (“Amalgamated Company” or “Transferee Company”) 
The Capital Structure of J.K. Cement Limited as on 30* September, 2024: 
R A. Authorised Share Capital | Amount(NR) | ,ﬁ\ Wy "’\)5' i 13,00,00,000 Equity Shares of ¥ 10 each i 1,30,00,00,000 | > ‘p@v“"l La,,)t;)‘ . | Total : | 130,000,000 | ¥ G \\ [ Tsued, subseribed ana paid-up Share Capital | Amount NR) g 7.72,68,251 Equity Shares of X 10 each i 772682510 | z Total | 77,26,82,510 | «* 
N\, 
N ] The equity shares of the Amalgamated Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. SN 4 o 
There has been no change in the authorised, issued. subscribed and paid up share capital of the Companies post 30th September, 2024 ill 26™ October, 2024, the date of the Scheme being approved by the respective Board of Directors of the Companies, 
N &ﬁgwbmm 'WITH AMALGAMATED 
4 TRANSFER AND VESTING OF THE AMALGAMATING COMPANY INTO AMALGAMATED COMPANY 
41" Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date, the Amalgamating Company shall tand amalgamated with the Amalgamated Company, as provided i the Scheme. pursuant to Sections 230 t0 232 and other applicable provisions of the 2013 Act, and in accordance 
For JX. Cement Lid. 
oy A\ For Toshali ng\.u e N . 
5 - (Shamtbhu Singh) Vice President uad Signatory any Secrecary 
FC8-5836
42 
For Toshall BS 
with Section 2(1B) of the Income Tax Act. Accordingly, all assets. liabilities. contracts. 
arangements, employees, permits, licences, records, approvals, etc., of the Amalgamating 
Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Scheme and, without any further act. 
instrument or deed, stand transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred and 
vested in the Amalgamated Company, so as to become as and from the Appointed Date. the 
Amalgamated Company pursuant to provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the 2013 Act as 2 going 
oncetn and on an “as-is-wheredis-basis”, by virte of and in manner as provided in this part of the 
Scheme. 
nerality of the foregoing. it is clarified 
For the avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the get 
he Appointed Date. and in accordance 
that upon the Scheme becoming effective with effect from tl 
with the provisions of all Applicable Laws and the 2013 Act: 
(a) all the consents, permissions, licenses, certificates, authorities (including for the operation 
of bank accounts), properties, contracts, claims, title, interest and authorities including 
accretions and appurtenances, powers of attomeys given by, issued to o executed in favour 
of the Amalgamating Company, and the rights and benefits under the same shall, insofar as 
they relate to the Amalgamating Company and all quality certifications and approvals, 
trademarks, patents, logos, service marks, ‘trade names and applications relating thereto. 
goodwill, knowhow and domain names, copyrights, industrial designs, trade secrets, product 
registrations and other intellectual property rights of whatsoever nature and all other 
interests relating to the goods, services or any other assels being directly and exclusively 
dealt with by the Amalgamating Company shall without any fusther act, instrument or deed. 
cost or charge and without any notice o other intimation to any third party for the transfer 
of the same, shall stand transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company. 
(b) all the movable assets and the other assets of the Amalgamating Company which are 
otherwise capable of being transferred to the Amalgamated Company shall be deemed to 
have been physically handed over by physical delivery or by endorsement and delivery or 
by constructive delivery, as the case may be, to the Amalgamated Company to the end and 
intent that the property and benefit therein passes to the Amalgamated Company with effect 
from the Appointed Date without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for 
transfer of the same. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, such delivery and transfer shall 
be made on a date mutually agreed upon between the respective Board of Directors or duly 
authorised representatives of the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company 
by way of delivery of ‘possession of the respective documents, as a part of the transfer of the 
Amalgamating Company as a going concem, In respect of intangible movable assets of the 
Amalgamating Company, other than those mentioned hereinabove, and actionable claims. 
sundry debtors, outstanding Joans, advances recoverable in cash or kind or for value to be 
received, bank balances and deposits with any Appropriate Authority and customers, the 
same shall on and from the Appointed Date stand transferred to and vested in the 
Amalgamated Company. The Amalgamated Company may. issue/send notices in such form 
as may deem fit and proper stating that pursuant to the ‘Scheme becoming effective. the 
relevant debr, loan, advance or other asset, be paid o made good or held on account of the 
Amalgamated Company, as the person entitled thereto, o the end and intent that the right of 
the Amalgamating Company to recover or realize the same stands transferred to the 
Amalgamated Company and that appropriate entries shall be passed in their respective books 
to record the aforesaid changes. 
into effect of this Scheme and with offect from the Appointed Date, all the 
For J.K. Cement Ltd. (¢) Upon coming 
P“V';‘ Yo L7 e  (Shambhn sm}f; 
Vice President and Company Secrotary 
Y FCS-5836
[6 
incentives, exemptions, subsidies, concessions, refunds, service tax benefits goods and 
services tax benefits, deductions under the Income Tax Act, subsidies (including applications for subsidies), grants, special status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed, 
granted or to be granted by any Appropriate Authority, or availed of by the Amal | gamating Company shall, without any further act or deed, vest with and be available to the . Amalgamated Company on the same terms and conditions. 
(d) Al the intangible assets including but not limited to trademarks, brands, logos, distribution 
networks, non-compete agreements, contractual rights, limestone procurement rights, coal 
procurement rights, goodwill and intellectual property and rights thereto of any nature 
whatsoever, including but not limited to registrations, licenses, service marks, copyrights, 
domain names, trade names, and applications relating thereto and trade secrets pertaining to Undertaking whether or not provided in its books of accounts of Amalgamating Company 
shall be and stand transferred to and vested in and recorded by the Amalgamated Company 50 as to become the intangible assets, intellectual property and rights of Amalgamated Company. 
(€)  Intangible assets and other underlying intangible assets clubbed under the head 'goodwill’, 
if any, shall, for all purposes, be regarded as intangible assets in terms of Explanation 3(b) to section 32(1) of Income Tax Act and shall be eligible for depreciation thereunder at the prescribed rates. 
() Al immovable properties of the Amalgamating Company, including land together with the buildings and structures standing thereon or under construction and rights and interests in said immovable properties of the Amalgamating Company, (whether frechold or leaschold, Jeave and licensed or otherwise) including any tenancies in relation to warehouses, office space, guest houses and residential premises including those provided toloccupied by employees of the Amalgamating Company, all plant and machineries constructed on or embedded or attached to any such immovable propertis, all rights, covenants, continuing rights, title and interest in connection with the said immovable properties, and all documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall upon the Scheme becoming effective, stand transferred to and be vested in and be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company, without any further act or deed done/executed or being Tequired 10 be donelexccuted by Amalgamating Company / Amalgamated Company. Amalgamated Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to the aforesaid immovable properties and shall be lizble to Pay the ground rent and taxes and fulfi] all obligations in relation to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation of the ownership or title, or interest in the immovable properties shall, upon the Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly recorded in the name of Amalgamated Company by the Appropriate Authority pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the Hon'ble NCLT in accordance with the terms hereof. 
(2)  All lease and/or license or rent agreements made or entered into by the Amalgamating Company with various landlords, owners and lessors in connection with the use of the leasehold properties/assets by the Amalgamating Company, together with security deposits and advance/prepaid lease/license fee, etc., shall stand automatically transferred and vested in favour of Amalgamated Company on the same terms and conditions without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing being made, done or executed. Amalgamated Company shall continue to pay rent or lease or license fee as provided for in such agreements, and 
For JK. Cement Ltg, For Toshali Pvilg 1R f S 
Y e (Shambhu Sing: 
Vice President and Company Secretary FCS-5836
I* 
Amalgamated Company- and the rclevant landlords, owners and lessors shall continue to comply with the terms, conditions and covenants. there-under. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Amalgamated Company shall also be entitled to refund of security deposits paid under such agreements by the Amalgamating Company. Allthe rights, tite, interest and claims of Amalgamating Company in any of its leasehold propertis shall pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the 2013 Act, without any further act or deed. be transferred 10 and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in Amalgamated Company. 
(h) AU debts, liabilities, contingent liabilities, duties and obligations, whether secured or unsecured or whether provided for or not or disclosed in the balance shect of the Amalgamating Company as on the Appointed Date shall also stand transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company on a going concern basis, without any further act or deed pursuant to Section 232(3) of the 2013 Adt, and the Amalgamated Company does hereby undertake to meet, discharge and satisfy the same on the same terms and conditions s were applicable to Amalgamating Company. 
() Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme and without prejudice to the aforesaid. all debentures, notes & other instruments of like nature (whether convertible into equity shares or not) issued by the Amalgamating Company, pursuant to the applicable provisions of the 1956 Act or the 2013 Act and other relevant provisions thereunder, without any further act, instrument or deed, become the debentures, notes & other instruments of like nature of the Amalgamated Company on the same terms & conditions, except to the extent modificd under the provisions of this Scheme, all rights, powers, duties, obligations in relation thereto shall be and stand transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in and shall be exercised by or against the Amalgamated Company s if it was the issuer of the said instruments. It shall not be necessary to obtain the consent uf any person who is a party to contract or arrangement by virtue of which such debentures, notes & other instruments of like nature (whether convertible into equity shares or not) have arisen in order o give effect to the provisions of this Clause. Necessary modification, as may be required would be carried out to the said instruments issued by the Amalgamating Company. if any. > 'w\ Provided that the Amalgamating Company may, at their sole discretion but without being =3 obliged to, give notice in such form as it may deem fit and proper, to such persons. as the | 2 case may be, that any debentures, notes & other instruments of like nature (whether Lz convertible into_equity shares or not) relating to the Amalgamating Company stands L transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company and that appropriate modification should be made in their respective books/records to reflect the aforesaid changes. 
) Where any of the Liabilities and obligations of Amalgamating Company as on the Appointed Date decmed to be wransferred to the Amalgamated Company have been discharged hy Amalgamating Company after the Appointed Date and prior o the Effective Date, such discharge shail be deemed t0 have been for and on account of the Amalgamated Company. 
(k) Loans, advances, receivables, payables, and other rights and obligations (including any amangement which may give rise 10 a contingent liability in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any time in future immediately before the Effective Date become due or remain outstanding between the Amalgamating Company and the Amalgamated Company shall, under the provisions of Sections 230 and 232 of the 2013 Act, without any further act, instrument, deed, cost or charge, stand cancelled and be deemed to have been discharged by 
For JK. Cement Ltd. 
e Y4 Por Toshall P}\:L: G (Shambhu Sinkh) impmsldemnnu(fumpungs. clary Vs FOS-5636 o
For Toshali (U] 
(n) 
(o) 
n (8 
such cancellation and consequently, there shall remain no inter-se liability between them 
and the corresponding appropriate effect shall be given in the books of accounts and records 
of the Amalgamated Company. 
‘The transfer and vesting of the assets shall be subject to the Encumbrances. if any. affecting 
the same as hereinafler provided: 
i) The Encumbrances, if any, over the assets of Amalgamating Company or any part 
thereof transferred in terms of this Scheme to the Amalgamated Company, shall after 
the Effective Date continue to relate and attach to such assets or any part thereof to 
which they arc related or attached to, prior to the Effective Date and such 
Encumbrances shall not refate to or attach to any of the other assets of Amalgamated 
Company. 
if)  Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, Amalgamated Company may execute 
any instruments or documents or do all such acts and deeds as may be considered 
appropriate, including the filing of necessary particulars and/or modification(s) of 
charge, with the Regstrar of Companics to give formal effect to the above provisions, 
if required. 
iii)  Subject to the necessary consents being obtained in accordance with the terms of this 
Scheme, the provisions of Clause 4 shall operate, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in any instrument, deed or writing or the terms of sanction or issue 
or any security document; all of which instruments, deeds or writings shall stand 
‘modified and/or superseded by the foregoing provisions. 
All cheques and other negotiable instruments, payment orders received or presented for 
encashment which are in the name of the Amalgamating Company after the Effective Date 
shall be accepted by the bankers of the Amalgamated Company and credited to the account 
of the Amalgamated Company. if presented by the Amalgamated Company. Similarly. the 
banker of the Amalgamated Company shall honour all cheques issued by Amalgamating 
Company, presented for payment after the Effective Date. If required, Amalgamating 
Company shall allow maintaining of bank accounts in its name by the Amalgamated 
Company for such time as may be determined to be necessary by Amalgamating Company 
and the Amalgamated Company for presentation and deposition of cheques and pay orders 
that have been issued in the name of Amalgamating Company. 
All necessary records, files, papers, technical and process information, all product and 
service pricing, costing, commercial and business related information, computer program. 
drawings and designs, procedure and other manuals, training materials, prospect lsts, data, 
catalogues, quotations, sales and advertising materials, financing and serving related forms. 
lists and all details of present and former customers and suppliers, customer credit 
information, customer pricing information and other records whether in physical or 
electronic form of the Amalgamating Company shall be transferred to and handed over to 
the Amalgamated Company; 
All statutory rights and obligations pertaining to the Amalgamating Company would vest 
in/accrue to Amalgamated Company. Hence, obligation pertaining to Amalgamating 
Company, prior to the Effective Date, to issue or receive any statutory declaration or any 
For J K. Cement Ltd. 
onts P Lid e Y Y 
(Shambhy S:-[i'}« . //&rvﬂ Vice President and (o, -Ompany S y Awwﬁﬁﬁyl ReSszg
[2 
other forms by whatever name called, under Goods and Services Tax Acts, Income Tax Act 
or any other act for the time being in force, would be deemed to have been fulfilled if they 
are issued or received by Amalgamated Company and if any form relatable to the period 
prior to the Effective Date is received in the name of Amalgamating Company, it would be 
deemed to have been received by Amalgamated Company in fulfilment of their obligations. 
5. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
5.1 All Legal Proceedings of whatsoever nature (legal, taxation and others, including any suits. 
appeals, arbitrations, execution proceedings, revisions, writ petitions, if any) by or against the 
Amalgamating Company, as on Appointed Date, shall not abate, be discontinued or be in any way 
prejudicially affected by reason of the Amalgamation or anything contained in this Scheme but the 
said proceedings, shall, tll the Effective Date be continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against 
the Amalgamating Company, as if this Scheme had not been made. 
5.2 Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, all suits, actions. and other proceedings including 
legal and taxation proceedings, (including before any statutory or quasi-judicial authosity or 
tribunal) by or against the Amalgamating Company, whether pending and/or arising on the 
Effective Date shall be continued and / or enforced by or against the Amalgamated Company as 
effectually and in the same manner and to the same extent as if the same had been instituted and/or 
pending and/or arising by or against the Amalgamated Company. 
53 The Amalgamated Company undertakes to have all suits, claims, actions and Legal Proceedings 
initiated by or against the Amalgamating Company transferred to its name and to have the same 
continued, prosecuted, enforced and defended by or against the Amalgamated Company. 
On and from Effective Date, the Amalgamated Company shall have a right, if required, to initiate 
any Legal Proceedings in relation to any transactions entered into by the Amalgamating Company 
in the same manner and to the same extent as would or might have been initiated by the 
Amalgamating Company. 
CONTRACTS, LICENSES, APPROVALS AND PERMITS 
Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme, and subject to the provisions of this Scheme, all 
contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, schemes, arrangements and other instruments, permits, rights, 
entitlements, registrations, licenses including those relating to tenancies, privileges, powers, facilities of every kind and description of whatsoever nature, to which the Amalgamating Company 
is a party or to the benefit of which the Amalgamating Company may be cligible, and which are 
subsisting or have effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall continue to be in full force and effect on or against o in favour, as the case may be, of the Amalgamated Company and may 
be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Amalgamating Company, the Amalgamated Company had been a party or beneficiary or ablige thereto or thereunder. All such property and rights shall stand vested in Amalgamated Company pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the 2013 Act and shall be deemed to have become the property and rights of Amalgamated Company Whether the same is implemented by endorsement or delivery and posscssion or in any other manner, 
62 Any inter-sc contracts between the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating Company respectively shall stand cancelled and cease to operate upon the Scheme becoming effective. 
For JK. Cement Ltd. 
For Toshall P Haar y“}“‘ : ) (Shambhu j 1; VMg Vice President and Comx:fr;"bwem 
FCS-5836
920 
Jation to the Amalgamating Company outstanding as on 
the Effective Date, shall vest in the Amalgamated Company and shall ensure]lu u“:‘“z‘::;;:“; 
Amalgamated Company and all guarantees issued by the bankers of the Am: :‘mh: r:gw ol 
at their request favouring any third party shall be deemed to h‘avc been xsls)uc et : i 
Amalgamated Company and continue in favour of such third party till its maturity 
termination. 63 All guarantees provided by any bank in rel 
64 Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Scheme and “ovmmmmdme fa:; :\?_xa::::)g 
of the Amalgamating Company oceurs by virtue ofths Scheme itself,the Am g‘:nm Cenprey 
may, at any time after the coming into effect of the Scheme, in accordance v:d\ dc {:‘Zmqu 
provisions of Applicable Laws or otherwise, take such actions and axc.cutc such deeds 4 o ; 
deeds of adherence), confirmations or other writings or amrangements with any par_t;_' toany con! nb ! 
or arrangement to which the Amalgamating Company is a party, or any writings as may 
necessary, in order to give effect to the provisions of this Scheme. The Amalgamated Company 
shall, under the provisions of this Scheme, be deemed to be authorised to execute any such vfr.mngs 
on behalf of the Amalgamating Company and to carry out or perform all such formalities or 
compliances referred to above on the part of the Amalgamating Company to be carried out or 
performed. 
65 Benefits of any and all corporate approvals as may have already been taken by the Amalgamating 
Company, whether being in the nature of compliances of otherwise under the 2013 Act or any 
other staute in force at the time shall stand transferred to the Amalgamated Company and the said 
corporate approvals and compliances shall be deemed to have been taken/complied with by the 
Amalgamated Company. 
66 The Amalgamated Company shall, at any time after this Scheme becoming effective in accordance 
with the provisions hereof, if so required under any law or otherwise, do all such acts or things as 
may be necessary to transfer / obtain the approvals, consents, exemptions, registrations, no- 
objection certificates, permits, quotas, rights, entitlements, licences and certificates which were 
held or enjoyed by the Amalgamating Company. For the avoidance of doubts, it is clarified that if 
the consent of any third party or Appropriate Authority, is required to give effect to the provisions 
of this Clause, the said third party or Appropriate Authority shall make and duly record the 
necessary substitution / endorsement in the name of the Amalgamated Company pursuant ta the Scheme becoming effective and upon this Scheme becoming effective the Amalgamated Company 
shall file appropriate applications / documents with the relevant authoritics concerned for information and record purposes and the Amalgamated Company shall, under the provisions of this Scheme, be deemed to be authorised to exccute any such writings on behalf of the Amalgamating Company and to carry out or perform all such acts, formalities or compliances referred to above as may be required in this regard. 
6.7 In selation to the above, any procedural requirements required to be fulfilled by Amalgamating Company, shall be fulflled by Amalgamated Company s if it is the duly constituted atomey of 
Amalgamating Company. 
7. TREATMENT OF TAXES 
74 Upon this Scheme becoming effective the Amalgamated Company is expressly pemited to prepare consolidated financial statements/ accounts and the tihe same manner as would have been prepared had this Sch 
Date itselfy and to file for the first time and/ or revi se, consolidated tax returns (prepared in 
eme been effective on the Appointed 
a3 the case may be, retums/computation 
For JK. Cement Ltd, For Toshal PYL Vo ﬁm’hvn B (Shambhu Sin, Vice President and Company Secretary FCS-5834 
72 
73 
74 
75 
16 2 
along with the prescribed forms, filings and annexures thereto within the time limit as prescribed 
under section 170A of Income Tax Act and applicable provisions of Service Tax, GST and other 
tax laws. Further, upon this Scl;:me becoming effective, the Amalgamated Company is expressly 
pemmitted to file/revise retuns, filings & annexures under the Tax Laws and to claim nﬁxrfdsvand/or 
credit for taxes paid (including, TDS, TCS, advance tax, wealth tax. etc.) and for matters incidental 
thereto, if required, to give effect to the provisions of the Scheme. It is hereby clarified that MAT 
Credit entitlement of the Amalgamating Company under Section 115JB of the Income Tax Act 
read with 115JAA of the Income Tax Act as on the Appointed Date shall also get transferred to 
the Amalgamated Company, wherever applicable. 
All tax assessment proceedings / appeals of whatsoever nature by or against the Amalng 
Company pending and/or arising at the Appointed Date and relating to the Amalgamarfng 
Company shall be continued and/or enforced until the Effective Date against the Amalgamating 
Company. As and from the Effective Date, the tax proceedings / appeals shall be continued and 
enforced by or against the Amalgamated Company in the same manner and to the same extent as 
‘would o might have been continued and enforced by or against the Amalgamating Company 
Further, the aforementioned proceedings shall not abate o be discontinued nor be in any way prejudicially affocted by reason of the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company and shall continue and/or enforced against the Amalgamated Company in the same manner and to the same 
extent as would or might have been continued and enforced by or against the ‘Amalgamating 
Company'. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, all taxes payable by the Amalgamating Company under the Income Tax Act, Customs Act, 1962, Central Excisc Act, 1944, State Sales Tax laws, Central Sales 
Tax Act, 1956, Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 or other applicable laws/ regulations dealing 
with taxes/ duties/levies shall be transferred to the account of the Amalgamated Company. 
Similarly all credits for taxes inchuding Tax deduction and collection at source on income of Amalgamating Company or obligation for deduction or collection of tax at source on any payment made by or to be made by the Amalgamating Company shall be made or deemed to have been made and duly complied with by the Amalgamated Company if so made by Amalgamating Company. Similarly any advance tax payment required to be made for by the specified due dates in the tax laws shall also be deemed to have been made by the Amalgamated Company if so made by the Amalgamating Company. Any refunds under the Tax Laws due to the Amalgamating Company consequent to the assessments made on the Amalgamating Company and for which no creditis taken in the accounts as on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date shall also belong to and be received by the Amalgamated Company. 
All taxes of any nature, dutes, taxes or any other like payments, collections or deductions made by Amalgamating Company to any statutory authorities such s Income-Tax, Tax, GST etc.or any tax deduction/cllection at source, tax credits under Tax laws, relating o the period after the Appointed Date up to the Effective date shall be deemed to have been on account of or paid by the Amalgamated Company and the relevant authorites shall be bound to transfer to Sales Tax, Service 
order on this Scheme by the Hon'ble NCLT upon relevant proof and documents being provided to the said authorities. 
Upon the coming into effect oftis Scheme and as perthe provisions of Section 724 of the Income Tax Act,al accumulated business osses and unabsorbed depreciation, ifany, of the Amalgamating Company, a on & up 1 the Appointed Date, shal be ransferred o the Amalgamated Company. 
For K, Cement Ltq, 
Pl W 
(Shambhy S - A AL Bos humb.\uSmg‘) esident and Company Se; FCS-5830 retary
22 
Itis expressly clarified that all the acc 
transferred, shall be eligible to be 
Company. umulated business losses and unabsorbed depreciation as are carried forward and set off in the hands of the Amalgamated 
7.7 All compliances under the Tax Laws between the Appointed Date and Effective Date. undertaken by the Amalgamating Company, shall, upon this Scheme coming into effect, be deemed to have been complied with, by the Amalgamated Company. All statutory rights and obligations of the Amalgamating Company would vest in/accrue to the Amalgamated Company. Hence, obligation of the Amalgamating Company, prior to the Effective Date, to issue or receive any statutory declaration or any other forms by whatever name called, under the Tax Laws would be deemed to have been fulfilied if they are issued or received by tlie Amalgamated Company and if any form relatable to the period prior to the said the Effective Date is received in the name of the Amalgamating Company, it would be deemed to have been received by the Amalgamated Company in fulfilment of its obligations. 
8. EMPLOYEES 
8.1 
82  The Amalgamated Company undertakes that for the compensation and other terminal benefits, if any, including gratuity to the employecs of the Amalgamating Company, the past services of such employees with the Amalganiating Company shallalso be taken into account and it shall pay the same accordingly, 25 and when such amounts are due and payable. purpose of payment of any retrenchment 
8.3 Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Amalgamating Company will transfer/handover to Amalgamated Company, copies of employment information of all such transfesred employees of the Amalgamating Company, including but not limited to, personnel files (including hiring documents, existing employment contracts, and documents reflecting changes in an employee’s position, compensation, or benefits), payroll records, medical documents (including documents relating to past or ongoing leaves of absence, on the job injuries or illness, or fitness for work examinations), disciplinary records, supervisory files and all forms, notifications, contribution/identity cards issued by the concerned authorities relating to benefits pursuant to this sub-clause. orders and 
transferred 
84 The existing provident fund, employee state insurance contribution, su; ‘perannuation and gratuity fund, staff welfare scheme, empl ifany, of which the aforesaid bencficiaries, along with all 
h the approval of the concemed 
loyees will be treated as having been 
schemes. Accordingly, the provident superannuation fund and gratuity fund, staff welfare i€ any, of the ssid employess of the Amalgamating 
For J K. Cement Ltd. Fmrosnut;rnmmu 
Yo 35 7 (Shambhy Sin%ki rstie 
ce President aug Comy Secretary A6 Sy L
23 
Company, would be continued to be deposited in the transferred provident fund, employee state 
insurance contribution, superannuation fund and gratuity fund, staff welfare scheme, employee 
stock option plan account by the Amalgamated Company. In case necessary a?pmvals are not 
received ot the respective funds are not created by the Effective Date and there is delay, all such 
amounts shall continue to be administered by the Amalgamating Company as a trustee from the 
Effective Date till the date of actual transfer and on receiving the approvals, all the accumulated 
amounts till such date, shall be transferred to the respective funds of the Amalgamated Company 
in accordance with the approvals that have been obtained. 
§5 The contributions made by the Amalgamating Company in respect of its employces under 
Applicable Laws, to the provident fund, gratuity fund, leave encashment fund and any other special 
scheme or benefits created, for the period after the Appointed Date shall be deemed to be 
contributions made by Amalgamated Company. 
86 The Amalgamated Company shall continue to abide by any agreement(s)/ settlemeni(s) entered 
into by the Amalgamating Company with any of its employees prior to Appointed Date and from 
Appointed Date till the Effective Date. 
9. SAVING OF CONCLUDED TRANSACTIONS 
Subject to the terms of the Scheme, the transfer and vesting of the Amalgamating Company as per 
the provisions of the Scheme shall not affect any transactions or proceedings already concluded by 
the Amalgamating Company on or before the Appointed Date or after the Appointed Date until the 
Effective Date, to the end and intent that the Amalgamated Company accepts and adopts all acts, 
deeds and things made, done and executed by the Amalgamating Company as acts. deeds and 
things made, done and executed by or on behalf of the Amalgamated Company. 
10. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS UNTIL EFFECTIVE DATE 
10.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective Date: 
(a) The Amalgamating Company shall carry on and be deemed to have carried on all business 
and activities and shall hold and stand possessed of and shall be deemed to hold and stand 
possessed of all its estates, assets, rights, title, interest, authorities, contracts. investments 
and strategic decisions for and on account of, and in trust for, the Amalgamated Company. 
(b) Al obligations, liabilities, duties ahd commitments, shall be undertaken and shall be deemed 
to have been undertaken by Amalgamating Company for and on account of and in trust for 
Amalgamated Company. 
(c) Al profits and income accruing or arising to or losses and expenses arising. incurred or 
accruing to the Amalgamating Company, for the period commencing from the Appointed 
Date and up to and including the Effective Date, shall for all purposes be treated as and 
deemed to be the profits, income, losses or expenses, as the case may be, of the 
Amalgamated Company upon the Scheme becoming effective. 
(d) Al the benefits (including deduction, if any) availed or Liabilities acerued under the Income 
Tax Act to the Amalgamating Company, for the period commencing from the Appointed 
Date and up 1o and including the Effective Date, shall for all purposes be treated as and 
For JX. Cement Ltd. 
For Toshali Pl Yhorw § 
(Shambhy Singh) VAblpyy Vier President and Company Secrotary A ,%w 
FCS-5836
2 
deemed to be the benefit availed or Liabilities accrued by the Amalgamating Company on 
the behalf of and in trust of the Amalgamated Company. 
(e)  Allassets, whether frechold or leasehold, acquired or entitled to use, as the case may be. by 
Amalgamating Company after the Appointed Date and prior to the Eﬁeqxv: Date for 
operations of the Amalgamating Company or pertaining to the Amalgamating Company 
shall be deemed to have been acquired in trust for and on behalf of the Amalgamated 
Company, and shall stand transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme. 
(D Any of the rights, powers, authorities or privileges exercised by the Amalgamating 
Company, shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Amalgamating Company for and 
on behalf of, and in trust for and as an agent of Amalgamated Company. Similarly. any of 
the obligations, duties and commitments that have been undertaken or discharged by the 
Amalgamating Company, shall be deemed to have been undertaken for and on behalf of and 
as an agent of Amalgamated Company. 
(g)  Amalgamating Company shall not without the concurrence of Amalgamated Company 
alienate, charge or otherwise deal with any of its assets except in the ordinary course of its 
business. 
(b)  The Amalgamating Company shall carry on its business with reasonable diligence and 
business prudence and in the same manner as it had been doing hitherto, and shall not 
undertake any additional financial commitment of any nature whatsoever, borrow any Py amount or incur any other liabilities or expenditure, issue any additional guarantee, /‘@ 207 L;WV} N indemnity, letters of comfort or commitment either for itself or on behalf of its affiliates or s associates or any third party, or sel, transfer, lienate, charge, mortgage or encumber or deal gs 4 ) inany ofits properties/assets, except: 5 
\ PR i) When the same is expressly provided in this Scheme; N ¢ 
N i)  When the same is in the ordinary course of business as carried on by the Amalgamating Company; or 
i) When written consenof the Amalgamated Company has been obtained in this regard. 
(i) Amalgamating Company shall not vary the terms and conditions of emplayment of any of the employecs except in the ordinary course of business or without the prior consent of the Amalgamated Company or pursuant to any pre-existing obligation undertaken by the Amalgamating Company as the case may be; 
G)  The Amalgamating Company shall not alter o substantiall ly expand its business, except with the writien concurrence of the Amalgamated Company; and 
(k) The Amalgamating Company shall not amend its ‘memorandum of association or articles of association, except with the written concurrence of the Amalgamated Company. 
11.  BOOKS AND RECORDS 
For K. Cement Lig, 
R N e S . 
ice President and Cop, y Secrets FCS g Seeretary 
25 
All books. records, files, papers, information, databases, and all other books and records. whether 
in physical or clectronic form belonging to, or in the ownership of or in the power or 
possession/control of any person in connection with the Amalgamating Company, to the extent 
possible and permitted under Applicable Law, be handed over to Amalgamated Company or any 
other relevant person. 
12. ACCOUNTING TREATMENT IN THE BOOKS OF AMALGAMATED COMPANY 
- Upon the effectiveness of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, the Amalgamated 
Company shall account for the amalgamation in its books as per applicable accounting principles 
prescribed under “Pooling of Interest Method” of accounting as laid down in Appendix C of Ind 
AS 103 "Business Combinations" prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, relevant clarifications issued by the Ind AS Transition 
Facilitation Group (TTFG) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Circulars issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and other generally accepted accounting principles in India or 
any other relevant or related requirement under the Act, as applicable: 
(2)  The Amalgamated Company shall, record in s standalone financial statements, all the assets 
(including goodwill, if any and other intangible assets), liabilities and reserves, if: any, of the Amalgamating Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme at the respective books values thereof as appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. 
() Amalgamated Company shall record the reserves of the Amalgamating Company in its standalone financial statements in the same form and at the same values as appearing in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. 
() Upon coming into effect of this Scheme, to the extent there are inter-corporate loans / advances, deposits balances or other obligations, if any, as between Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating Company, the obligations in respect thereof shall come to an end and corresponding effect shall be given in the books of accounts and records of the Amalgamated Company for the reduction of any assets o liabilities, as the case may be and there shall be o accrusl of nterest or any other charges in respect of such inter-company loans, deposits or balances, with effect from Appointed Date. 
(@) The value of all investments held by the Amalgamated Company in the Amalgamating Company in any form, shallstand cancelled pursuant o the scheme becoming effective and there shall be no further obligation in that behalf. 
(©) The surphus, if any arising after taking the effect of clause (a), clause (b) and clause (d), after adjustment of clause (c), shall be tansferred to Capital Reserve in the financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. The deficit, if an y arising after taking the effect of clause (a), clause (b), clause (d), after adjustment of clause (c) and adjustment of previously existing credit balance in capital reserve, if any, shall be debited to Retained Eamings in the financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. 
In case of any difference in accounting policis between the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating Company,the accounting polices followed by the Transferee Company shall preval, 
For JK. Cement Ltd, e - Hawe ¥ p A w:rkzvm 
(Shamb:r.us\iyﬁi ! Vice President ung C 8 Signatory rCs-ahgg 
Por T 13. 
14, 
15. 
16.2. 
17.1. @®  Comparative financial info 
B Any matter not dealt with hereinabove shall be dealt wi Kk 
th in accordance with the requirement of applicable Ind AS. ACCOUNTING TREATMENT IN THE BOOKS OF AMALGAMATING COMPANY 
Nowviﬁuunding anything 
prescribed which would have any 
g Company. 
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 2(1B) OF THE INCOME TAX ACT, 1961 
The provisions of this Scheme as they relate to the Amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company With the Amalgamated Company, have been dravm up to comply with the conditions relating 1o “amalgamation” as defined under Section 2(1B) of the Income Tax. Act. If any terms or Pprovisions 
In terms of the SEBI Regulations r/w SEBI Master Circu is only required to be filed with the Stock Exchan; dissemination on its website. lar, the present Scheme of Amalgamation 
iges for the purpose of disclosure and 
COMBINATION OF THE AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL 
Consequent to and as part of the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with the Amalgamated Company herein, the Authorised Share Capital of the Amalgamating Company shall 
ForJ K, Cement Lg, ot 
Yhout 
b & A 1 Copingh) m—sﬁ.{"y 
pan Company Secrpgary 5836
17.3. 2% 
th the Authorised Share Capital of the Amalgamated Company y further act or deed pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 stand merged into and combined wii pursuant to the Scheme, without an, 
or filing fee on 
Amalgamated Company having already paid such fees. Immediately prior to the Amalgamation. as an integral Part of this Scheme, the Authorised Share Capital of the Amalgamating Company comprising of equity shares and preference shares of face valuo of 2 100 (Rupees Hundred) each, shall be split and be reclassified as oquity shares and preference shares of face value of 2 10 (Rupees Ten) cach and 8et combined with the authorised share capital of the Amalgamated Company. Accordingly, the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company resulting from the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company shall be a sum of Rs. 275,00,00.000/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Seventy Five Crores) divided into 22,50,00,000 (Twenty Two Crores Fifty Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten) each and 5.00,00.000 (Five Crores) Preference Sharcs of Rs, 10/- (Rupees ten) each. 
. Consequently upon the Amalgamation and increase in Authorised Share Capital, Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Amalgamated Company upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and without any further act, instrument or deed, be and stand altered, modified and amended pursuant to Sections 13, 14, 61, 64 and Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 2013 Act, as the case may be and be replaced by the following Clause: 
"The Authorised Share capital of the Company is Rs. 2,75,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Seventy Five Crores) divided into 22,50,00,000 (Twenty Two Crores Fifty Lakhs) Equity Shares of As. 10/- (Rupees ten) each and 5,00,00,000 (Five Crores) Preference Shares of Rs. 107 (Rupees ten) each with power to increase or reduce the same. The Company shall have power to increase o reduce its capital, to sub divide or consolidate and to divide its shares in capital for the time being into several classes of shares.” 
Authorised Share Capital. 
PART IV - GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
18. 
18.1. 
182, 
Por Toshall APPLICATIONS / PETITIONS 
The Companies or any of them as may be required shall, with all reasonable dispatch, make 
or dispensation from canvening of such meetings, for sanctioning this Scheme with such modifications as may be approved by the Hon'ble NCLT, and for su Hon'ble NCLT may deem fit for sanctioning/giving effect to this Scheme. 
Itis clarified that the Companies shall be entitled, pending the sanction of the Scheme, to apply to any Appropriate Authority,if required, under any law for such consents and approvals which may be required. 
For JK. Cement Ltd. ts Pvt Lid N 
Ww *»q( 
Singh) Signatory it ™Mpany Secrey, ary
19. 
20. 
203, 
204. 
205. 
21. 
21, - Upon this Schem, 
- During the pendency of the Scheme, 
- The shareholders of the Comp: 28 
e becon.ing effective, thy shall be deemeqd 1o have al; <, as applicable, for giving be applicable), e shareholders and creditors of the of the 2013 4, 50 accorded their approval under all effect to the provisions contained i VALDITY o EXISTING RESOLUTIONS, Companies (as may 
| relevant provisions 
in this Scheme, 
ETC. 
X tor of any other applicable statutory provisions, then the said limit, 2 is considered necessary by th 4 nece 
', shall be added to the limits, if any, under the like resolutions authorised representative of the Amalgamated Company. 
DECLARATION OF DIVIDEND, BONUS AND OTHERS 
the Companies, subject to Clause 20.4 and Clause 20.5 lare and pay dividend, whether interim or final. to their he accounting period prior to the Effective Date. hereinafter, shall be entitled to decl; respective shareholders in respect of f 
anies shall, save as expressly provided otherwise in this Scheme. continue to enjoy their existing rights under their respective articles of association including the right to receive dividends. 
For avoidance of doubr it is hereby clarified that involved in the Scheme from issuing fully pai accordance with Applicable Laws. nothing in this Scheme shall prevent Companies d up bonus equity shares to its shareholders in 
The Amalgamating Company shall not utlise the profits or income, is not in the ordinary course of their business, in respect of the peri of approval of this Scheme by the Board of Directors or duly the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Amal, ifany, for any purpose, which 
i0d falling on and after the date 
uthorised representative, without Igamated Company. 
Tt is clarified that the aforesaid provisions in respect of declaration of dividend are enabling provisions only and shall not be decmed to confer any right on the shareholders of the Companies to demand or claim any dividend which, subject to the provisions of the 2013 Act, as applicable, shall be entirely at the discretion of the Board of Directors or dul; ly authorised representative of respective Companies, subject to such approval of the shareholders, s may be required. 
MODIFICATIONS OR AMENDMENTS TO THE SCHEME 
Subject to approval by NCLT, Companies by their respestive Board of Directors or their duly authorised representatives, may assent to any modifications / amendments to the Scheme or to any conditions or limitations that the Hon'ble NCLT and / or any other authority may deem fit to direct or impose or which may oherwise be considered neessary, desirable or appropriate by them (ie the Board of Directors or their duly authorised representatives) and/or effect any other modification or amendment under Applicable Laws jointly and mutually agreed in writing by the Board of 
ForJ K. Cement Ltd, 
ity 
\_\a\'\onal %%\ * 
v..' steps as may be necessary, desirabl ‘whether by re; 
out of or und € or proper to resolve any doubts, difficulties or questions ason of any directive or orders of: ‘any other authorities or othe erwise howsoever arising er or by virtue of the Scheme and / o in any matter concernt ed or connected therewith. 
212, The Companies by their respective Board of Directors or their duly authorised representatives be and are hereby authorized to give such directions (acting jointly) as they may consider necessary to settle any question or difficulty arising under the Scheme or in regard to and of the meaning or interpretation of this Scheme or implementation hereof or in any matter whatsoever connected therewith, or to adopt any other accounting treatment which is in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards and generally accepted accounting principles as applicable or to review the Position relating to thy e satisfaction of various conditions of this Scheme and if neccssary. to exclude any of those (to the extent permissible by law)." 
22. WITHDRAWAL FROM THE SCHEME 
22.1. Partes to the Scheme, acting through their respective Board of Directors or their duly authorised fepresentatives, shall each be at liberty to withdraw from this Scheme prior to the Effective Date. in case any condition or alteration imposed by any authority/person is unaceeptable to any of ther or for the reasons duly approved by Board of Directors or duly authorised representative of the Companics. 
22.2. Tn the event of withdrawal under Clause 22.1 above, no rights and liabilities whatsoever shall acerue to or be incurred inter s to the Companies or their respective shareholders or creditors or employees or any other person as is contemplated hereunder o as to any right, liability or obligation which has arisen or accrued pursuant thereto and which shall be governed and be preserved or worked out in accordance with Applicable Laws. 
22.3. In the event of withdrawal under Clause 22.1 above, the Cor mpanies shall take all necessary steps 1o withdraw ths Scheme from the Hon'ble NCLT and any other authorty and to make all nesessary filings/applications as may be required to withdraw this Scheme. 
23. CONDITIONALITY OF THE SCHEME 
This Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to: 
23.1. The requisite approval from Odisha Mining Corporation of Odisha Limited] as may be Mines Operator Rights of the Amalgamating Corporation [erstwhile Industrial Development required, for transfer of Limestone Procurement and Company in the name of the Amalgamated Company. 
23:2. The Scheme being approved by the requsite majority (in number and value) of the members and/ or creditors, as applicable of the Companies as may be directed by the Hon'ble NCLT or any other competent uthory, s may be applicable, subjec o any dispensation that may be granted by the Hon'ble NCLT. 
23.3. The sanction of the Scheme by the Hon'ble NCLT under Sections 230 to 232 provisions of the 2013 Act; and cetified copies of the NCLT Sanction Order Registrar of Companies/Ministry of Corporate Affairs, applicable. and other applicable 
being filed with the by the respective Companies, as may be 
For JK. Cement Ltd. 
For Toshal Pvtlid Phowe ¥ A (Shambhu: Singl) valin Viee President a 
20 
234, Accordingly. it is provi ided that the Scheme, although operative from the Appointed Date, shall become effective on the Effective Date, 
24. DlSSOLUTlON OF AMALCAMATING COMPANY 
Nowai:hmnding anything to the contrary herein, pursuant to the Scheme becoming effective, the Amalgamating Company, without any further act, instrument or deed, shall stand dissolved without being wound-up. 
25. EFFECT OF NON-RECEIPT OF APPROVALS 
In the event of any of the said sanctions above i 
26. WHEN THE SCHEME COMES INTO OPERATION 
26.1. Amalgamated Company shall cary on and shall be athorized to carry on, with effect from the Appointed Date. the business of the Amalgamati 
avonay, 
"\\ 
pertaining to the Amalgamating Company, as may be required consequent to implementation of flect to this Ing or revising such retuns have lapsed without penalty or any other sum. The Amalgamated U credits, set-offs andor adjustments relating 1o 
For JK. Cement Ltd. For Toshalj s Pyt Lig 
Hoe L ) o i 
(Shambhy: Sinkh) Viee President ignatory 
2 r 2\ 
the income or transactions entered into by them by virtue of this Scheme With effect from 
Appointed Date. The taxes or duties paid by, deduction and benefits claimed by, for, or on behalf 
of the Amalgamating Company relating to the period on or after Appointed Date. shall be deemed 
to be the taxes or duties paid by and deduction and benefit claimed by the Amalgamated Company 
and Amalgamated Company shall be entitled to claim credit or refnd for such taxes or duties and 
deduction and benefit as available to the Amalgamating Company. 
26.3. Any advance tax, self-assessment tax, and/or TDS credit/ TCS credit available or vested with the 
Amalgamating Company, including any taxes paid and taxes deducted at source and deposited by 
the Amalgamating Company on inter se transactions during the period between Appointed Date 
and the Effective Date, shall be treated as tax paid by Amalgamated Company respectively and 
shall be available to Amalgamated Company for set-off against its liability under the Income Tax 
Actand any excess tax so paid shall be eligible for refund together with interest. Further. TDS/TCS 
deposited, TDS/TCS certificates issued by/to or TDS/TCS retums filed by the Amalgamating 
Company on transactions other than inter-se transactions during the period between Appointed 
Date and the Effective Date, as applicable, shall continue to hold good as if such TDS/TCS 
amounts were deposited, TDS/TCS certificates were issued by/to and TDS/TCS returns were filed 
by Amalgamated Company respectively. Any TDS deducted or TCS collected by, or on behalf of 
the Amalgamating Company on inter se transactions will be treated as tax deposited by 
Amalgamated Company. 
264, Transfer and vesting of the Amalgamating Company, on-going concern basis, in terms of Part ITl 
of the Scheme, is not a sale i the course of business. 
27. SEVERABILITY 
27.1. If any provision or part of this Scheme is found to be unworkable for any reason whatsoever, the 
same shall not, subject to the decision of the Board of Directors or duly authorised representative 
of the Companies, affect the validity or implementation of the other provisions and parts of this = A Scheme. 
Y La AN N ” 5 é\ %° \\ 27.2. In the event of any inconsisténcy between any of the terms and conditions of any earlier 
S arrangement amongst the Companies and their respective shareholders and/or creditors, and the 5 terms and conditions of this Scheme, the latter shall have overriding effect and shall prevail. K} 2 
\“ - > 28. COSTS, CHARGES, EXPENSES AND STAMP DUTY 
) / 28.1. In the event of the Scheme not being sanctioned by the Hon'ble NCLT, the Scheme shall become mull and void and in that case no rights or labilities whatsoever shall accrue to or be incurred inter- 5¢ by the parties or their shareholders or ereditors or employees or any other person, In the event of the Scheme not being sanctioned by the Hon'ble NCLT, cach party shall bear and pay its respective costs, charges and expenses for and/or in connection with the Scheme. 
28.2. Subject to Clause 28.1 above, all costs, charges, taxes including duties, levies and all other expenses, if any (save as expressly otherwise agreed) arising out of, o incurred in carrying out and implementing this Scheme and matters incidental thereto, shall be bome by Amalgamated Company and charged t0 the profit and loss account as an expense. Stamp duty and any other charges, if applicable pursuan to this Scheme shall be bamne by the Amalgamated Company and charged to the profit and loss account as an expense. 
For J K. Cement Ltd. 
Por Toshall (ements Pvi L 
VAS AL M"“ ié)hz;rv\ m:‘Si’gm 
A \ Vice President usd Compiny Secretary Vi fcthana FCS-536 
tational C Tribumal 
At b ¥ Gwr. 
22 QCHEDLE —9 
MENTS PVT. LT TOSHALI ¢ - 
Sct?vdulc of Assets of Toshali Cements Private Limited (Petitioner Co. 1/*TCPL”) to be 
transferred to and vested in JK Cement Limited (Petitioner Co. 2/ *Amalgamated Company™) 
FIRST PART 
Short Description of Freehold Property 
() Particulars of Land: 
Survey NoJ/Khasra 
No. and sub-di 
Taluk/ No. or other Area Area 
State District (hectare)  (Acres) 
(approx.) (approx.) 
given for revenue - purposes 
ANDHRA VIZIANAGARAM | SALUR gor3 | 0482|1190 | PRADESH | VIZIANAG 
ANDHRA | (1) A\NAGARAM | SALUR 89/4| 0223|0550 | PRADESH 
| ANDHRA | v /7| ANAGARAM | SALUR B/6-A | 02141 0.530 | PRADESH 
| ANDHRA |y 7| \NAGARAM | SALUR 80/7|0.1291 0320 PRADESH 
VIZIANAGARAM | SALUR 89/8| 0061 | 0.150 
KORAPUT POTTANGI 92| 1060|2620 
KORAPUT POTTANGI 9| 0223|0550 
KORAPUT POTTANGL W1 1574 389 
VIZIANAGARAM | ARIKATHOTA 2796|0279 069 
[ANDHRA 'y, \NAGARAM | ARIKATHOTA 270-1:270-2 | 1995 | 4.930 | PRADESH " | 
ANDHRA VIZIANAGARAM | ARIKATHOTA 7812|0384 | 0950 | | PRADESH | 
SECOND PART 
Short Description of the Lease Hold Property 
Survey and su ision No. or Area 
Statc District Faluk other identification No. given — (heetare) — (Acres) 
for revenue purposes (approx.)  (approx.) 
TANGI- 
CHOUDWAR 114/1316(P) ODISHA | CUTTACK 
Registered Off : /¢ ik Jnesh Poat Karva Toses K 
Works Units : Aripavall 764554 Puta g Tansi i it Oensna St Y 
Unitil Vilage eran woparo, O i 5 b N 
23 
Area 
(Acres) 
(approx.) State Disi 
(hectare) 
(approx.) 
0.202 for revenue purposes 
TANGI- 
CHOUDWAR 
POTTANGI 
POTTANGI 
POTTANGI 
POTTANGI | ODISHA 
 B—— | ODISHA | KORAPUT 
| ODISHA KORAPUT 
| ODISHA [ KORAPUT 
ODISHA CUTTACK 
116(P) 0.500 
493/978 | 10502 
494/979 4.856 12.000 B 
488 1.704 4210 | 
4901977 10.522 } 26.000 
THIRD PART 
Short Description of Stocks, Shares and Debentures and other charges in action 
Shares /Bonds/Tixed depusits/ Debentures held as per details given below: 
Total Value as 
on 30" June, No. of units as 
Particulars on 30" June, 
Investment in SBI Mutual Fund 2025 
995.377 2025 
36,17,897 
Other Assets: 
Property, Plant & Equipment 
Intangible Assets 
Capital Work-in-Progress 
Deferred Tax Asset 
Inventories 
le Receivables 
ity Deposit 73.07.65.157 | 
16.62.244 | 
5.68,68,067 | 
1.26,72.395 
24,57,87,989 
21,29.94.230 
4,07,92,903 
MWargin TDRs 13.75.139 
#ntest Receivables 67,52,406 
ances to Supplicrs and Employecs 4.83,99,909 
lances with Govt. Dept. under Protest 65.05,946 
Advance Tax and TDS (net of provisions) 32.91.865 
Prepaid Expenses 79,70,068 
| Deposits Recoverable 78.22,071 
[T Cash and Bank Balances: i 
Cash in Hand 10,540 | 
Current Account No 7865769028 with Indian Bank 4.96,803 | 
Current Account No 42652301800 with State Bank of India 
CC Account No 52096852152 with State Bank of India 
CC Account No 40294460644 with State Bank of India 
| €C Account No 40358128200 with State Bank of India 
| CC Account No 40309484642 with State Bank of India 
Current Account No 924020067828598 with Axis Bank 
SBIFD 42953743756 
Registared O - 76" Dwarki O 
p 
Works Unitel . Aripavali- 76 
Unite . Vil gt | 31,703 
5,50,00,000 
i 
No. of Total Valye iculars 
on 30™ Jupe, on 30" Jupe, SBIFD 42953746509 
= SBIFD 437264(\944(\ 
SBIFD 43726601055 | | SBIFD 4372(1555‘)37 
AXIS Fp ‘)2504008222172\\' 
‘ AXIS FD 92 A D 9.5(}4(]03222 1951 ——— . | v 
FOURTH PART 
chislralinns & Licenses: as 
10,00,000 | 3,02,17,294 | 3, 
SI. 
No Plany b Location epartment Details Issuing 
Authority  Period | il No.5260/IND.1. St it | | mpavalli 
CON-1254 ollution | 2025 1o | ’ .Odisha | Environment | Congent 1o Operate e Control 3ist } | 
19.03.2025 Board, Odisha :{;: | k%__‘ 
2026 i Rencwal of — | 1 
I Authorisation by 
SPCB, Odisha to the 
Occupier under 
| - Upto IND-IV-HW. Ampavalli Hazardous and other Ve State Pollution st s Environment 
733/6814 Dated | Cony | : Lf o Vi 
atec ontrol | 31.03.2025 Board, Odishy | Mareh | (management and 2026 | Transboundary 
| Movement) Rules 2016 
[ Registration and 1 
Grant / Renewal of Registration rectorate Of | YP | | License o work al | No.KT-110 51 [r)‘:l‘.::?::'z;u "3 | | Ampavalli | Human Factory Max 400 | No, 03225 Boils, | Dscem | | - Odisha | Resource Person Motive Dated 318t Oct 0‘(":“,"; | ber | power not more than | 2024 d ; 2025 | 6145 KW N ] T I O w o | [ CMIL- si | | 0005289479 | Bureau of s | | Ampavai | Quality BIS License . OPC | Endorsement | Indian it | | - Odisha | Control No 10 Dated | Standards Sep | | [ 29h Jul 2025 o | L == — 
Kangar Utiar P Registered O 24" Diarhis O 
2-23N4 
i e (Nanr Suns Of N Works Unit-] : Ampavali- 764030 Pottingi Tansd Kovarss, Disl . O 5L orks Unit-1 - Ampissal 
Sullk Ot sha Stato - 754527 Vb + 937008 dranpuing, £ G Chasapwe. D30 Cull n Unitetl - Villago-ir
Comp Off TOSHALI CEMENTS PVT. LTD. 
Prism Tows J High Quality GAJAPAT! & TOSHALI Brut 
Wholly owned subsidiary of J. K. Cement Ltd 
CIN' 269421 ! 
th Floor Ninaniya £st 2PT( 
Plant 
Location Department Details Issuing 
Authority Period Particulars 
‘|5l 
CM/L-5233654 | Mar | 
| I End i Bureau of [ 202510 
ndorsemen 2 
S Am;?ava i | Quality BIS License , PPC Indian 28th 
,Odisha | Control No. 8 Dated N | 
Standards 24th Jan 2025 Feb | 
2026 J 
Department of | 26th | 
NOC/IND/OD/ | Water Nov 
6 Ampavalli E ¢ NOC for Ground 2024/570/N Resource, 2024 to 
" |, Odisha AVITONMENL | . ter Abstraction | Dated 22nd Jan | Ministry of 25th 
2025 Jalshakti, Nov 
GOI,CGWA | 2027 
i i t [ . Electrical lnspecvlmn of 36/ 11/07/2025 Go.v of Upto 
Ampavalli | and Electrical Odisha, 10th % - ’ . Dated 16th May 
,Odisha | Instrumentati | Installation Other 2025 Energy Jul 
on Than Dg Sets Department 2026 
8 Am}?avalli GST GSTj Registration 21AABCT8989 | Govt of India NA [ 
| . Odisha Certificate KIZR GST | 
FIRCER140929 | Odisha Fire Upto 
9 Ampavalli | Fire and Fire and Safety 0042023003270 | and 30th 
" |, Odisha Safety Certificate /01 Deted 31st | Emergency Jul 
Jul 2025 Services 2027 
25 
Electrical Power Purchase 7 MW PPA . Years 
1o, | Ampavali | and Agreement with | 28th Mar2025 | PPA IR g 
,Odisha | Instrumentati | Mitraya Power Pvt | with Mitraya ':"“"‘y"‘ Bowt | 5ok 
on L PowerPviLid | 1 HY inls 
years 
GST GST Registration 37AABCT8989 | Govt of India ’ Certificate KIZE asT A 
(Under Rule 
cLraaLcan | (D ofthe Contract Haian Cerllﬁcﬂ(‘e of UBNESHWAR Lab 
Resource | Resistration for 12019/R-1 o A 
Principal Employer | Dated 27th Oct | (Regulation 2024 and Abolition) 
| Central Rules, 
1971) 
13.| Choudwar | Quality BIS License , CM/L- Bureau of I8th 
,Odisha | Control Composite Cement | 200093794 | Indian Nov _ Endorsement | Standards 2024 10 
Registered Off. : 29/1. Dwarka Dhesh Road, Kamla Tower xaku; Uttar Pracesn 208061, Incia == 
Pn 461512 - 23971478 - 85, Fax +91 512 2099854 emai shambhu singh@jscoment com 
8agg Works Unit-1 : Ampavali- 764039, Poltangi Tahsil. Koraput Dist - Ocisha Stale. (Near Sunii Off ) Unitl - Vilage- ndranipatna, PO Chasagara. Dist. Cullak. Odisha Slate - 754027 Phone 848033201 
) 417601
Plant, 
Location TOSHALI CEMENTS PVT. LTD. 
Department Details GAJAPATI & TO 
owned subsidiary of J K Ceror 
Particulars Issuing 
Authority Period 
No. 5 Dated 17th 
\ ‘ 22nd Oct 2024 | Nov | ; | 2025 | [ | | 0lst [ | noc & - . Apr | NOC for Stacking | 932/SY-744 | State Pollution | Choudwar | 202410 | 14| Odicha | Environment | of Coal and Coal | dated 03rd Apr | Control s B e yard 2024 | Board. Odisha | . | Mar 
2026 
Registration and | | G,m"” Renewal of | Registration Directorate Of | Upto | | License to work at | No.CK-768 SI. Choudwar | Human Factories & | 31st 1s. Factory Max 250 | No. 06460 | | . odisha | Resource ; Boilers, Dec | Person Motive Dated i Nov | ooter 2005 power not more than | 2024 
3000 KW 
Tst Apr No.5952/IND-1- P | Chsiidwar CON-6627 State Pollution %025 to | 16. : Environment | Consent to Operate Control 3lst | '*1, odisha | Dated | 25052005 | Board. Odisha | Mar ; 3. 2026 
TI836/IND-TI- ) 17| Choudwar | L | Noincrease in NOCMisC- | e Polluion | Odisha Pollution Load NIPL94 Dated | O ntonty | 23rd Jun 2025 | BO% Odisha 
Department of | 15th CGWANOC | Water Nov Choudwar | L o |NOCforGround | NDIREN2/202 |Resource, | 202210 Podisha Water Abstraction | 3/7967 Dated | Ministry of | 14th \ 26th Jun 2023 | Jalshakti, Nov | i GOLCGWA |2025 | FIRCERT10102 | Odisha Fire | Up to udwar | Fire and Fire and Safety 0092024004069 | and 26th TOdisha | Safety Centificate Dated 27th Feb | Emergency | Feb 2024 Services 2026 
[T oMIL- 7({\J\||| [ 5200079396 | Bureau of | | . | Choudwar | Qua 2025 | 20, Choudse | Quality BIS License, OPC | Endorsement | Indian © . Odisha | Control ; ouh Jun | | No. 7 Dated Standards 2026 | 7 N 20th Mar 2025 il 
Unit-l - Vilage-ingranpain, PO, Chasspara. Dist. Cullak Ocisia State - 754027 Mob.  +61-7608 Registered Off. : 26/1. Dwarka Dhesh Road. Kamia Towsr Kangur Utiar Pracesh 208001 Pn 451502 2371478 - 85, Fax +91 512 2399654, emal shambhy sign@iscemen com Works Unit- : Ampavali 764039, Pottangi Tahsi. Korapuit Drst. Ocisha State. iNear Sunki OFf NH.43) Phane 8480 ndia 
32063 848033057
SL 
No Plant, 
Location l)“lunnwm 
Details Particulars Issuing 
Authority Period 
CM/L- 21| Choudwar | Quality 
5200079804 Bureay of | » Odisha Control | BIS License , PPC | Endorsement Indian | | No. 7 Dated Standards | 
| 11th Apr 2 — 
| 
CM) 22.| Choudwar Quality | 5200079497 Bureau of +Odisha | Contrey BIS License , psc Endorsement | Indian | 
No. 7 Dated ‘ Standards - ] 
20th Mar 2025 D 
"2 | BIS License 5 CM/L- 23.| Choudwar | Quatiy Ultrafine Ground | 52007 17845 | Bureau of | ‘I, Qdisha Control granualated Endorsement Indian } 
Blastfurnace Slag No. 3 Dated Standards (UGGBS) 14th Aug 2025 | 
Electrical WIZW\W 2. Choudwar and Electrical 26/09/2024 Odisha, » Odisha Instrumentati Installation Other Dated 24th Sep Energy || on Than Dg Sets 2024 Department Share Holder R Electrical Agreement with Mitraya Power 25 Ampavalli | and Mitraya Power Pyt 26% Pvt Ltd and 25 "I , Odisha Instrumentati | Ltq and Onward Shareholding Onward Solar Years | on Solar Power Pyt. Power Pyt. | Lud L | _\\ AABCT8989K | Gowt of India PAN Card Toshali Accounts 
Dated 13th Aug | Income Tax NA Cements Pvt Ltd 2002 Department ] FSA Code No. Mahanadi - 3030004453 T Fuel Supply | Coalfields Limited | Dated 26th Fey Z::;“:fj;s o Agreement and Toshali 2022, Limited Cements Pvt Ltd Bhubaneswari 
oCpP Mines Industrial Industrial Ampavalli | Operator Development ?Zg(;e;::::[ Ry Development EJ& N 28| Odisha agreement, | Corporation of 24022022 Corporation of | 2032 Extraction of | Odisha Ltd. And Odisha Ltd. 
Registered Off. 29 [warka Dhesh Road Kamia Townr Kangur Utar Pra Pn 451512 2371478 - 85 Fax +91 512 2399854, emal shambtw, s Works Unit-i : Ampavalli- 764039 Pottang: Tahsi Koraput Dist OUI-,"\A State. (Near ° Unit-l - Village-indranipaina, PO Chasapara. Dist. Cultak. Oclist
TOSHALI CEMENTS PVT LTD 
Department Chirers of High Oty GAJAPAT! & TOSHAL | B 
Wholly owned subsidiary of J K. Cament Ltd 
CIN U264420P 20 Tower 6th Floor Ninaniya Estatc 
Details Particulars Issuing 
Authority Period 
Unitit Limstone | Toshali Cements 
and Handling | Pvt Ltd 4 
13(S)24-25 | 
Mines Dated 
Operator Odisha Mining 24.02.2025 Odisha 
29, Ampavalli | agreement, | Corporation Ld. | Supplementary | Mining NA 
“| , Odisha Extraction of | And Toshali Agreement to Corporation 
Limstone Cements Pvt Ltd Agreement No. | Ltd 
and Handling 520 Dated 
24.02.2022 
Industrial 
sal Development Odisha ales i Ampavalli Corporation of Mining Upto 20th Jan 2023 . 301 odisha Af{?""‘:“ Odisha Ltd. And o Corporation | 2027 
OFHIMESIONE | 1ochali Cements Lid 
Pvt Lud 
Petroleum & 
Licence To Store Explosives 
Fetroleuriln PECIOR/I4/gY | SR | i | Petroleum | TankS In pres i) Organisation | 7 | ap, [ Ampevalli | o e Conncction With (PESO), Odisha Dated 31st Aug |\ - Dec ’ Licenses Pump Outfit For Ministry of 2004 2026 Fueling Motor Commerce 
Conveyances and Industry, 
Gol 
From 
License for :s]e-::::::ffvend- lsiteallic 2: | Ampavali gl RLD14541/202 | Director of s Storage of residuals With in | Date 02-M; Mines Odish 2021 Minerals | State Iron Ore, g | MiiegOdisha: | ) 2021 Limestone, Coal Mar- 
2026 [ 3 years 
from reement Agreement gf;::’;‘:‘v‘“:rr 3565/12:06- | Govt of the of CGWA ) 2025 Odisha Date of Abstraction 
Executi - on Registation | 1 TBM/SOT6201T | Govt of indi, No, from Ruxlitcition nuibier Dated Ist Dec Ministry of NA Indian ¥ 211 Mines ] 
P 
village Incianpana PO 54 Registered Off. : 29/1. Dwarka Dhesh Road, Kamia Tower, Kanpul Uttar vmresn 208001, Incia 12 2371478 B5 Fax +91 512 2399854 Fmalshambhu sing:@jxcement com Works Unit- ; Ampavall. 764039 Pot @ngi Tahsil Korapar: D1s! - Ocisna State. (Near Sunki Off NK Chasapari. Oist. Cultak Oc'sha Stato - 75 43) Phone 848033206 
Mo 9176060 848033005
33 TOSHALI CEMENTS PVT. LTD. (Manufacturer s 0 Hit Ounality GAJAPATI & TOSHALL ¢ Wholly owned subsidiary of J K Cemen CIN 269420 Tower 8th Fioor Ninariya Estate. Graa Pt 
Plant/ R ton  Department Details Particulars Issuing — prioa Authority 
Bureau of under Rule 45 of 
Mines MCDR, 1988-reg 
Electrical Enhancement of TPCODL/Com Choudwar | and Contract Demand to | m-KCG/7547 35| ! NA .Odisha | Instrumentati | 3000KVA -Demand | Dated 13th Nov | T"COPE 
on Agreement 2024 
Electrical ot 
36| Choudwear | and DG Annual D:’ 2| Govtof o | o ) ate : , Odish, i isha Instrumentati | Inspection 13.08.2024 Odisha 
on 
Electrical "} 531V Distribution | 94 of 2024-25 Choudwar | and h Govt of 37| o | e umentati | Stbstation Date il NA 
- DA D‘: TUmentatl | spection 13.08.2024 
Mumbai, Rental Agreement |\ ol Rent upto Salesand | Amarpal Singh and 38| Maharasht | D2 e | i | D2 agreement for | 30.11.2 
ra o 13.02.2025 Godown 026 | . Toshali cements 
T | Mumbsi, | Rental Agrecment | 1o og; Rent up to | Salesand | Rajesh Sitaram | 39, Maharasht | e Toshali | D2 agreement for | 30.112 A - 11022025 Godown 026 
1 cements 
I Sales office rental 
‘1 agreement “ 
| 49| Coudwar | Salesand | Bishnupriya Sth Jun 2020 it 
| , Odisha Distribution | Satpathy and Bhubaneswar ;g:“m:",“ 
| Toshali Cements alstotlice 
Pyt LU, 
[~ | Choudwar GST Registration | 2JAABCT8989 | Govi of India G A1 odisa | O5T Centificate K22Q GST NA 
Mumbai, S GST Registration 27AABCT8989 | Govt of India Maharasht | GST ' / | sharssht | G Certificate KIZF asT A 
Govtof India | h AN Accounts | VAN of Toshali HYDT01259G | Income Tax | NA Cements Pvt Ltd 
- — e |Depermemt | / ; [ Govt of India | Corporate Identity , MINISTRY | 44| mdia | Accounts | Number.U269420P l‘,’f:‘,‘;‘lzg’"f“"z OF NA 
I 2002PTC211282 CORPORATE 
L | AFFARS ] 
Registered Off.: 20/3 (warka Dnesh Road. Kamia Towsr Kanpur Utiar Pracesn 206001, Incia 
Pr vt 5122371476 - 85 Fax =91 512 2399854 smai shambin singn@j<cement corr 
Works Unit-| : Ampavali- 764039 Poltangs Tahs! Korapul Disl Ocisna State. (Near Sine Ol NH.43) Phoe 8480332063 
Unit-l - Village-indranpaing, PO Chasapara. Oist Cultak Odisha State - 754027 Moy +91.760 
High Qv 
Wholly owned ity GAJAPATI 8 TOSHAL 
bsidiary of J K. Cement 
.| India Plant/ 
Location Department Details Particulars Issuing 
Authority Period 
[ Accounts | IEC 0904003001 ‘ . 
| . | Ampavalti IEM lodustrial 209/51AMMOy2 | Ministy of | 4. Accounts Entrepreneur Commerce , Odisha 008 | Memorandum and Industry 
| | Choudwer | IEMinaustiial gs6/stanmor | Ministy of | 47| Accounts | Entrepreneur Commerce . Odisha o1l Memorandum and Industry 
Choudwar | Legal :ve«lghmg| l".deg‘al‘ Valid oudwar | Legal nstruments etrology 4. 4D1472 2N \Odisha | Metrology | Weighing Scale 200 | *CT24P Officer, 2 
KG Jagatpur 
Legal Valid 
49, | Choudwar | Legal Water Flow Meter | JGT24D136s | Meuoloey 29 0ct ,Odisha | Metrology Officer, & 
Jagatpur 
Cioinar |zl Gravimetric Filling :ﬁ"o]c Valid 
50. " Instruments (Rotary | JGT24D1467 TO08Y 121 Nov ,Odisha | Metrology Officer, Packer) 25 Jagatpur 
| Weighing Lagl 
Choudwar | Legal Insinjments Mowology | VUM 1 sl e Electronic Digital | JGT24DI322 | o 15 Oct 
55 I8 CHrOl08Y | Classin ) oers 25 
= Weighbridge Sgaipur 
@\m s Logal Valid 
Pk fc"‘ W ;%2 mpavalli | Legal Dispensing pump | Lo oo | Metology | 03 
S g % [\odisha | Metrology | with totliser Officer, May 
s \&d % Koraput 2 ) i Ieai 
\:"m,;;j Ampavalli | Legal r»::(:alogy Valid \. o 4 Wi S “Gmaa| Gista. | Mewolog eights samping | KPT2300547 | /cue® ;2 Nov 
[ Koraput 
[ Automatic it 
| ) Weighing Valid 
| 54 A(';’::;:"‘ lrﬁ::)lo Instruments KPT24D1299 :‘:;_"_dc'gy 10 Dec 
| ' 2| eighing scale 50 % foert 25 
L KG oraput 
) Legal Non Automatic Valid Ampaval ¥ ss,| Ampavalli | Legal Weighing KpT24D1300 | Metrology 10 Dec ,Odisha | Metrology Officer, Instruments 25 Koraput 
Works Unit . A 
Unita Registered Off.: 29/1. Dwarka D 
Pr 491 512- 2371478 
avali 76493 sh Road Kamia Tower Kanpur, Utiar Pracesn 
5, Fax +91512 219954, email shambhy sing"(@) 
3. Pottang Tansi Ko 
I - Vilage-Indranipaina, PO emenl com 
it Drst Ochsna State (Near Sunii Off NH-23) Phore 84802 
asapara Dist Cutlak Odisha Stale - 7540 27 Moty 817 208001, Incia 
b TOSHAL] CEMENTS PVT. LTD. (Manufacturere THGh Quanty GAJAPATI & TOSHAL | B Wholly owned subsidiary of J K Cement Ltq 1269420F PTC211 
Plant/ 
Issuing h articulars ; Period Location Particulars Authority Department Details 
Electronic Weighing R s N Non Automatic r | Weighing Legal i Ampavalli | Legal Instruments Metrology | ) ( %6\ odisha Metrology | Electronic Digital | KPT24P1298 | (o 2'()] R Class [11 Koraput Weighbridge 
NonAutomatic 
Weighing Legal Valid 57| Ampavalli | Legal Instruments KPTaapizyy | Metwology | i , Odisha Metrology Electronic Digital Officer, 25 Class 1ll Koraput Weighbridge 
Rent w o ; Cg::';‘”:“ Stock yard :;::‘]I ’;f::’y";_“'; Choudwar agreement for | 31.10.2 i Stock Yard | 026 EMPLOYEES" Ampavalli | Human STATE 8570053991001 | ES1. Act, '| . Odisha | Resource | INSURANCE 1099 1948 CORPORATION 
EMPLOYEES' Choudwar | Human STATE 4470053991001 | E.S.1. Act, Odisha | Resource | INSURANCE 1099 1948 CORPORATION t /1 EMPLOYEES' ndhra | Human STATE 7000053991000 | E.S., Act, Pradesh | Resource | INSURANCE 1099 1948 CORPORATION 
PROVIDENT . EMPLOYEES' FUND CODE ot vy | s |TinBCC ¢ FUND INTIMATIO 
N [ 
PROVIDENT 1 EMPLOYEES' FUND CODE O\ [l rovDBNT | otvanons | ARCODE | FUND ’ INTIMATIO J \‘_\,_v,,, S I N 
Registered Off. : 29/1 Dwarka Dnesh Road. Kamia Townr. Kanpur. Uttar Pracesh 208001, Inia Pr 5122371478 - 85 Fax +91 512 2399854, smai shambhy Singh@jscement com Works Unit-| Ampavalli- 764039 Potiangi Tahsi Koraput Dist., Odisha State (Near Sunki Off NH. 43) Phane 8480332063 8480332062 Unit-ll - Village-indranipatna, PO Chasapara. Ot Cultak. Ocisha State - 754027 Mob +91-7608000 
Plant/ 
Location TOSHALI CEMENTS PVT. LTD. 42~ 
Hantners of High Oualty GAJAPATI & TOSHALI Brand Coment) Wholly owned subsidiary of J.K. Cemant Ltd CIN' U26942UP2002PTC211282 
1 Estate. Gwal Pahari Gurugram- 122102 Haryana My 
O e 
Department Tower Gth Fioor. Ninan 
Details Particulars Issuing 
Author Period 
(Under Rule 
CLRA/ALCBH | 18(1) of the St 5 UBNESHWAR | Contract , sa.| Ampavalli | Human Re"'.'f“'{” A ACK-CLRA- | Labour - " ,Odisha | Resource Pfg“"“]"é“ e | 12261 R (Regulation rineipal Employer | 11/62006 Dated | and Abolition) 
22/02/2025 Central Rules, 
1971) 
Electrical | Permission of Letter No i‘l’:c':::"" 65| Ampavalli | and Power supply of 33 | 13494 1ajagrz3 | Flecticit R +Odisha | Instrumentati | KV for 4000 KVA | Letter No 3643 c‘;‘:‘t’P:nm on load Dated :16/08723 | PO ° 
» 
A 
Works Unit-| A 
Unitl - Vilage-induan Registered Off 
$71a78 Owarka Uhesst Road, Kamia Towns. Kanpur. Utiar Pradesh. 208001, India 
5 Fax +91 612 2199854, email shambhu singh@iscement com 2l 764055 Pottang Tahsi Korat Drst . Ocisha State. (Nar Sunks Ol NH.43) Phono 8480332063 / 8480 valna PG Chasapara. Dist. Cullak Ocisha Stale - 754027 Mob. . +91-7608000133 