 September 29, 2026
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001,
Maharashtra, IndiaNational Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra, India
Scrip Code: 544480 Symbol: JSWCEMENT
Ref.: Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Subject: Outcome of the Board Meeting of JSW Cement held on September 29, 2026 - Approving 
Scheme of Arrangement 
Dear Sir /Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (the "Listing Regulations"), we wish to 
inform the Stock Exchange(s) that the Board of Directors (the "Board") of JSW Cement Limited (the 
"Company") at its meeting held on September 29, 2026, has ,inter alia, subject to approval of the 
shareholders of the Company, considered and approved the Scheme of Arrangement between Shiva Cement 
Limited (“SCL” or “the Transferor Company”) and JSW Cement Limited  (“the Transferee Company” or 
“JCL” or “the Company”) and their respective shareholders under Sections 230-232 read with Section 52 
and Section 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Scheme”) involving the 
following:-
i. Amalgamation of Shiva Cement Limited (“SCL” or “the Transferor Company”) with JSW Cement 
Limited (the ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘JCL’)
ii. Reorganization of Reserves of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. 
iii. Various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected herewith.
The Scheme is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals including the approval of Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench. 
The additional information required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations read 
with Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, is enclosed as Annexure 1. 
Further, the Company will file the Scheme with the Stock Exchange(s) pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 37 of the Listing Regulations.
The Board Meeting commenced at 3:30 p.m. and concluded at 04:29 p.m. 
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For JSW Cement Limited
______________
Sneha Bindra
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl.: As above
Annexure 1
Other Restructuring
A. Adjustment of accumulated debit balance in the Retained Earnings with the Securities Premium 
Account (“SPA”) of the Transferor Company.
Sr. 
No.Details to be provided Information 
1. Details and reasons for 
RestructuringDetails of Restructuring:
Reorganization of reserves of the Transferor Company, whereby 
opening debit balance of the Retained Earnings appearing in the 
books of accounts of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed 
Date, representing accumulated losses of the Transferor Company 
shall be adjusted against the opening credit balance of SPA of the 
Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date, to the extent of 
balance available in the said SPA.  
Reasons for Restructuring: 
The reorganization of reserves shall result in the right sizing of the 
financial statement of the Transferor Company which will reflect 
its true and fair financial position.
2. Quantitative and/ or  
Qualitative effect of 
restructuring With effect from the Appointed Date, and upon coming into effect 
of the Scheme, the debit balance of Retained Earnings and SPA in 
the books of Transferor Company is likely to be  INR (133.92) 
crore and Nil respectively.
3. Details of benefit, if any, 
to the promotor/ promotor 
group/ group companies 
from such proposed 
restructuring. There shall be no consideration involved in respect of the 
aforesaid reorganization of reserves of the Transferor Company. 
Thus, there will be no benefit to any promoter/ promoter group/ 
group companies of the Transferor Company.
4. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of all entitiesThere would not be any impact on the shareholding pattern on 
account of the above. 
Amalgamation/ Merger
B. Amalgamation of Transferor Company into the Transferee Company
Sr. 
No.Details to be 
providedInformation 
1. Name of the 
entity(ies) forming 
part of the 
amalgamation/merg
er, details in brief 
such as, size, 
turnover etc.i. Transferor Company:
 Shiva Cement Limited (‘SCL’)
ii. Transferee Company:
     JSW Cement Limited (‘JCL’)
iii. JCL holds 66.23% of the paid-up equity share capital of SCL. 
iv. The paid-up share capital, net worth and turnover / revenue of the 
companies involved in the Scheme are as follows:
INR in Crores
Company Paid-up 
Equity Share 
CapitalTurnover 
(FY 2025-26) Net Worth 
(as on 
March 31, 
2026) 
Transferee 
Company
(Standalone)1,363.36 5,995.28 7,029.47
Transferor 
Company
(Standalone)159.00 435.17 (30.08)
v. The entire paid-up Optionally Convertible Cumulative Redeemable 
Preference Share Capital of 1,00,00,000 shares of the Transferor 
Company of INR 100,00,00,000 (face value of INR 100 each) is held 
by the Transferee Company.
vi. Appointed Date: April 01, 2026
2. Whether the 
transaction would 
fall within related 
party transactions? If 
yes, whether the 
same is done at 
‘arm’s length’ Yes, the Transferor Company is a subsidiary of the Transferee Company 
and as such the said Transferor Company is related party to the 
Transferee Company.
However, in terms of the General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17th July 
2014, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circular”), the 
transactions arising out of compromises, arrangements and 
Sr. 
No.Details to be 
providedInformation 
amalgamations under the Companies Act, 2013, will not attract 
requirements of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Since it is an amalgamation of subsidiary with its holding company, it is 
a related party transaction as per Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Additionally, the consideration to be discharged for the Scheme of 
amalgamation is determined by independent registered valuers on which 
a fairness opinion has been issued by an independent category 1 merchant 
banker, the transaction therefore is at arm’s length.
3. Area of business of 
the entity(ies)JCL is a public limited company engaged in the business of manufacture 
and sale of cement, ground granulated blast furnace slag and clinker and 
trading of allied products.
SCL is a public limited company which is engaged in the business of 
manufacture and sale of cement, clinker and trading of allied products.
4. Rationale for 
amalgamation/ 
merger The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee 
Company would have the following benefits:
Synergies in business: The Parties are engaged in similar and/ or 
complementary businesses and their proposed amalgamation pursuant to 
this Scheme will create synergies between their businesses, including by 
pooling of their financial, managerial, technical, distribution, marketing 
and other resources. The proposed amalgamation is expected to, inter-
alia, result in reduction in costs, better alignment, coordination and 
streamlining of day-to-day operations of the units. 
Optimization of raw material procurement: The Transferor Company is 
engaged in clinker manufacturing, which is a key raw material in 
manufacturing of cement. The Transferor Company has a clinker 
manufacturing facility at Sundargarh, Odisha, having a capacity of 1.32 
mtpa. The proposed amalgamation will result in backward integration of 
clinker manufacturing with the Transferee Company’s cement 
manufacturing business. The internal availability of clinker is expected 
to reduce dependence on external procurement, improve supply‑chain 
efficiency, and result in cost savings by avoiding third‑party purchases 
and associated mark‑ups.
Sr. 
No.Details to be 
providedInformation 
Financial Synergies: The proposed amalgamation will lead to greater 
ability of the consolidated entity to access and raise funds within a single 
entity on more favorable terms, leading to elimination of inter company 
guarantees and facilitate more efficient funding arrangements. 
Enhancing Shareholder Value: The proposed amalgamation will 
enhance the economic value for the shareholders of the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company. It will result in deriving benefits 
for future capacity expansion and efficiency improvement measures 
marked by enhanced synergies and operational effectiveness. The public 
shareholders of the Transferor Company would become shareholders in 
the Transferee Company, which has a higher traded equity share base, 
greater market liquidity, and a diversified institutional investor base, 
thereby providing shareholders with enhanced liquidity, broader market 
participation, and improved opportunities for value realization. 
Shareholders in the Transferee Company get direct access to the 
economics of the Transferor Company.
Simplified structure and management efficiency: The proposed 
amalgamation will result in a simplification of the existing corporate 
structure and eliminate administrative functions and duplications, 
reducing regulatory and legal compliances of two listed entities, 
eliminating multiple record keeping and reducing time and efforts for 
consolidation of financials at the group level,  consequently reducing the 
administrative costs of maintaining separate companies, while reducing 
the multiple legal and regulatory compliances.
Unified Cement Platform: Creating a consolidated cement platform 
supports Transferee Company’s strategy, enabling category leadership, 
increased competitiveness, enhanced market share and efficient resource 
utilization.
5. In case of cash 
consideration – 
amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio No cash consideration pursuant to the Scheme.
As per clause 8 in Scheme:
Upon coming into effect of the Scheme and with effect from the 
Appointed Date, and in consideration of the transfer and vesting of the 
Undertaking of the Transferor Company in the Transferee Company 
pursuant to the Scheme, the Transferee Company shall, without any 
Sr. 
No.Details to be 
providedInformation 
further application, act or deed, issue and allot to the equity 
shareholder(s) of the Transferor Company (except the Transferee 
Company) whose names are recorded in the register of members as a 
member of the Transferor Company on the Record Date 5 (Five) Equity  
Shares of the face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each fully 
paid-up, for every 41 (Forty One) equity shares of the face value of INR 
2 (Indian Rupees Two only) each fully paid-up held by such member in 
the Transferor Company ("Share Exchange Ratio"), on the basis of the 
Valuation Report. The Equity Shares to be issued by the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders of Transferor Company in accordance with 
this Clause 8.1 shall be hereinafter referred to as "New Equity Shares". 
Further, the Equity Shares held by the Transferee Company in the 
Transferor Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished and no 
Equity Shares of the Transferee Company shall be allotted in lieu or in 
exchange of the same. 
The New Equity Shares in the Transferee Company to be issued to the 
equity shareholders of the Transferor Company pursuant to Clause 8.1, 
shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of the 
Transferee Company, including with respect to dividend, bonus, voting 
rights and other corporate benefits attached to the equity shares of the 
Transferee Company.
Further, as the entire issued, subscribed and paid-up 1% optionally 
convertible cumulative redeemable preference shares capital of the 
Transferor Company is held by the Transferee Company, no shares of the 
Transferee Company shall be allotted towards discharge of consideration 
or in lieu or exchange of the 1% optionally convertible cumulative 
redeemable preference shareholding in the Transferor Company. Upon 
the coming into effect of this Scheme, the share certificates, if any, and/or 
the shares in electronic form representing the 1% optionally convertible 
cumulative redeemable preference shares in the Transferor Company 
shall be deemed to be cancelled without any further act or deed for 
cancellation thereof and shall cease to be in existence accordingly.
6. Brief details of
change in
shareholding pattern
(if any) of listed 
entity.Details of change in Shareholding Pattern of the Transferee Company 
(JSW Cement Limited):
Sr. 
No.Details to be 
providedInformation 
Category No. of Shares & % of 
holding (Pre-
Arrangement)No. of Shares & 
% of holding 
(Post-
Arrangement)
Promoter/ 
Promoter Group98,18,46,640
(72.02%)98,19,43,497
(71.39%)
Public 
Shareholding36,84,98,380
(27.03%)38,05,50,123
(27.67%)
Non Promotor- 
Non Public 1,30,19,916
(0.95%)1,30,19,917*
(0.95%)
Total 1,36,33,64,936 1,37,55,13,537
*Note: Includes one equity share towards fractional entitlement. Actual 
number of equity shares to be issued towards fractional entitlement will 
be determined based on the shareholding pattern as on the record date.
Details of change in Shareholding Pattern of the Transferor Company 
(Shiva Cement Limited):
Category No. of Shares & % of holding 
(Pre-Arrangement)
Promoter / 
Promoter 
Group19,61,75,708
(66.50%)
Public 
Shareholding9,88,24,292
(33.50%)
Total 29,50,00,000
(100%)
Transferor Company shall cease to exist upon effectiveness of the 
Scheme without being wound up.
Other Restructuring
C. Adjustment of the Amalgamation Adjustment Deficit Account created pursuant to the 
amalgamation with the Securities Premium Account of the Transferee Company. 
Sr. 
No.Details to be provided Information 
1. Details and reasons for 
RestructuringDetails of Restructuring:
Reorganization of reserves of the Transferee Company, whereby 
post amalgamation, the Amalgamation Adjustment Deficit Account 
arising on account of the amalgamation in the books of Transferee 
Company shall be adjusted against the credit balance in the SPA of 
the Transferee Company.
Reasons for Restructuring: 
The reorganization of reserves shall result in the right sizing of the 
financial statement of the Transferee Company which will reflect its 
true and fair financial position post amalgamation.
2. Quantitative and/ or 
qualitative effect of 
restructuringWith effect from the Appointed Date, and upon coming into effect 
of the Scheme, the balance of Amalgamation Adjustment Deficit 
Account is likely to be Nil. The balance of SPA in books of 
Transferee Company is likely to be INR 4,335.67 crore.
3. Details of benefit, if any, 
to the promotor/ promotor 
group/ group companies 
from such proposed 
restructuring. There shall be no consideration involved in respect of the aforesaid 
reorganization of reserves. Thus, there will be no benefit to any 
promoter/ promoter group/ group companies of the Transferee 
Company.
4. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of all entitiesThere would not be any impact on the shareholding pattern on 
account of the above. 