                                                                                                               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 Cement Limited 
 
 
 JSW Centre  Opp. MMRDA Ground, Bandra Kurla Complex,   Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. Tel : +91-22-4286 1000 Fax : 26502001 Website : www.jswcement.in CIN :– L26957MH2006PLC160839 
Date: 29.09.2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,   
Mumbai 400 001, 
Maharashtra, India   National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, C ‑1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),   
Mumbai ‑ 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Code: 544480  Symbol: JSWCEMENT 
 
Sub:  Press Release  
 
Ref: In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations Disclosure Requirements) 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
In continuation of our disclosure dat ed September 29, 2026, we submit herewith a Press 
Release on the Outcome of the Board Meeting of JSW Cement held on September 29, 2026 
– Approving Scheme of Arrangement 
 
The  above  information  is  also  being  hosted  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at 
https://www.jswcement.in/ .  
 
Kindly take the same on record .  
Thanking you, 
 
 
For and on behalf of JSW Cement Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sneha Bindra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
Press Release 
September 29, 2026 
 
JSW CEMENT ANNOUNCES SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT  
INVOLVING MERGER OF SHIVA CEMENT LIMITED  
TO CREATE A UNIFIED CEMENT PLATFORM  
  
Mumbai, September 29, 2026: The Boards of Directors of JSW Cement Limited  (“JSW Cement”) 
and its listed subsidiary, Shiva Cement Limited  (“Shiva Cement”), have approved a scheme of 
arrangement involving,  inter-alia, amalgamation of Shiva Cement with and into JSW Cement  
(“Scheme”). This consolidation creates a single unified cement platform to  unlock operational, 
financial, and management synergies.  
 
Key strategic rationale of proposed amalgamation:  
‐ Business Synergies : Pooling of financial,  managerial, technical, distribution, marketing  and 
other resources to drive operational efficiency  
‐ Optimization of raw material procurement : Backward integration through Shiva Cement's 
clinker facility, reducing  dependence on external procurement  and improving supply chain 
efficiency 
‐ Financial Synergies : Enhanced funding flexibility, lower financing costs and  elimination of 
inter‐company guarantees  
‐ Enhancing Shareholder Value: Future scalability and operational efficiency through improved 
operational  synergies  will  enhance  economic  value  for  shareholders;  along  with  p ublic 
shareholders of Shiva Cement  receiving direct shareholding in a larger,  more liquid entity with 
diversified institutional investor base  
‐ Simplified Structure : Reduction in administrative duplications, compliance requirements and 
consolidation efforts  
 
The Scheme will also result in the right  sizing of the financial statements of the companies 
involved. 
 
JSW Cement will issue  5 equity shares of face value INR 10/‐ for every 41 equity shares of face 
value INR 2/‐ held in Shiva Cement to the shareholders of Shiva Cement (other than JSW Cement) . 
 
The Scheme is subject to receipt of requisite approvals from the Stock Exchanges, SEBI, the 
National  Company  Law  Tribunal  (NCLT),  Odisha  Industrial  Infrastructure  Development 
Corporation, other statutory and regulatory authorities  as applicable and respecti ve companies’ 
shareholders and creditors as may be required under the applicable laws and /  or directed by the 
Hon’ble NCLT. The transaction is expected to be completed within 12 ‐14 months, subject to timely 
receipt of regulatory approvals.  
 
Mr. Nilesh Narwekar, CEO of JSW Cement, said: “The proposed merger is a strategic step towards 
creating a more integrated and efficient business. It will unlock operational and financial 
synergies, strengthen backward integration, and simplify our corporate structure. I mportantly, it 
will enable Shiva Cement ’s public shareholders to participate directly in the growth of a larger  and 
more liquid listed entity.”  
 
Independent Advisors to the transaction:  
‐ JM Financial Limited acted as the exclusive financial advisor.  
‐ Price Waterhouse & Co LLP acted as the tax & regulatory advisor.  
‐ PwC  Business  Consulting  Services  LLP  and  BDO  Valuation  Advisory  LLP  acted  as  the 
independent registered valuers for providing the share exchange ratio report to the Boards of 
JSW Cement and Shiva C ement. 
‐ SBI Capital Markets Limited and DAM Capital Advisors Limited provided fairness opinion on 
share exchange ratio to the Board of JSW Cement and Shiva Cement respectively.  
 
******** 
About JSW Cement : JSW Cement Limited is a part of the JSW Group, a multinational conglomerate 
with a portfolio of diversified businesses across various sectors such as steel, energy, maritime, 
infrastructure, defence, B2B e -commerce, realty, automotive, paints, sports and v enture capital. 
The Company has a cement grinding capacity of 24.10 MTPA with a clinkerisation capacity of 9.74 
MTPA. JSW Cement is India ’s largest manufacturer of ground granulated blast furnace slag 
(“GGBS”), an eco-friendly product produced entirely fro m blast furnace slag (a by -product of the 
steel manufacturing process), with a market share in terms of GGBS sales of approximately 84%. 
The Company’s product portfolio consists of blended cement (including PSC, PCC and PPC), GGBS, 
OPC, clinker and a range  of allied cementitious products such as ready -mix concrete, construction 
chemicals and waterproofing compounds.  
 
The Company’s operations include nine plants in India, which comprised two integrated units, one 
clinker unit and six grinding units across t he states of Andhra Pradesh (Nandyal plant), Karnataka 
(Vijayanagar plant), Tamil Nadu (Salem plant), Maharashtra (Dolvi plant), West Bengal (Salboni 
plant), Odisha (Jajpur plant, our subsidiary Shiva Cement Limited ’s clinker unit and the Sambalpur 
grinding unit) and Rajasthan (Nagaur plant). The Company also operates a clinker unit through 
JSW Cement FZC, its Joint Venture in the UAE. JSW Cement Limited has  the lowest carbon dioxide 
emission intensity among its peer cement manufacturing companies in India and globally.  
 
About Shiva Cement:  Shiva Cement Limited, a subsidiary of JSW Cement Limited , has its clinker 
manufacturing facility strategically located at the geographical border of three Indian states – 
Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand with close proximity to the raw materials required for the 
production. In FY26, Shiva Cement commissioned a state -of-the-art 1.0 MTPA cement grinding 
unit at Sambalpur in Odisha, vide a commercial arrangement with Bhushan Power and Steel 
Limited, with an objective of  meeting the growing cement demand in the region.  
 
 
Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements:  
 
Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward  looking 
statements, which involve a number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward -looking statements. The risks and uncertainties 
relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding 
fluctuations in earnings, our ab ility to manage growth, intense competition within the cement 
industry, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, our 
ability to manage our internal operations, reduced demand for cement, the withdrawal of fis cal 
governmental incentives, political instability, unauthorized use of our intellectual property and 
general economic conditions affecting our industry. The company does not undertake to update 
any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the 
company. 
 
For media enquiries, please contact  –   
media.queries@jsw.in    
 
 Adfactors PR  
 Shyamprasad Shivadas                                                                          Anuradha Roy 
 Mobile:+919820831834                                                                       Mobile: +917506916497  