 Akzo Nobel India Limited  
Magnum Tower, 9th Floor       T +91 124 485 2400  
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector - 58    www.akzonobel.co.in  
Gurugram – 122 011, Haryana, India      
Registered office: 801A, South City Business Park, 770, Anandapur, E M Bypass, Near Fortis Hospital, Kolkata – 700 107  
CIN: L 24292WB1954PLC021516  14th October  2025  
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
1st floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500710  The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400051  
Symbol: AKZOINDIA  
D
ear Sir/Madam,  
Subject :  Intimation under Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)  
Please find attached the copy of the L etter of O ffer as received by the Company from Morgan 
Stanley India Company Private Limited  (Manager to the Open Offer) , in relation to the Open 
Offer for the acquisition of Equity Shares from the Public Shareholders of the Company by 
JSW Paints Limited (the Acquirer) together with JTPM Metal Traders Limited (PAC 1) and 
JSW EduInfra Private Limited (PAC 2), pursuant to and in compliance with the requirements 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended from time to time.  
The aforesaid details may  also be acces sed on the website of the Company at 
https://akzonobel.co.in/investors.php#presentation
Kindly t ake the intimation on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours t ruly, 
For A kzo Nobel I ndia Limited 
Rajiv L Jha  
Company S ecretary & C ompliance Officer 
Encl: as abo ve 
 
 
 
CIN U22990MH1998PTC115305 SEBI Stock Broker Registration Number :  INZ000244438 | SEBI Depository Participant Registration Number : IN -DP-567-2021 | SEBI Research 
Analyst Registration Number: INH000001105 | SEBI Merchant Banker Registration Number: INM000011203 | Compliance Officer: Tejarshi Hardas 
Tejarshi.Hardas@morgan stanley.com +91 22 6118 2051  
Morgan Stanley India  
Company Private Limited  
 
Altimus, Level 39 & 40  
Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli,  
Mumbai 400 018 
 
tel +91 22 6118 1000  
fax +91 22 6118 1011  
 www.morganstanley.com/india  
 October 14 , 2025  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001, India.  
   
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Subject:  Letter of Offer dated October 14 , 2025 (the “LOF”) in relation to an open offer to the 
Public Shareholders (as defined in the LOF) of Akzo Nobel India Limited (the “Target 
Company”) (“Open Offer”).  
 This is in continuation to our email dated June 27, 2025, and July 4, 2025, wherein we had submitted 
a copy of the Public Announcement and the Detailed Public Statement respectively, in relation to the 
Open Offer. Further , the Draft Letter of Offer dated July 11 , 202 5, was filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI ”) on July 11 , 202 5, and duly intimated to the BSE Limited, National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited and the Target Company on July 11, 202 5. 
JSW Paints Limited ( “Acquirer” ) along with JTPM Metal Traders Limited (“ PAC 1 ”) and JSW EduInfra 
Private Limited (“ PAC 2 ”), in their capacity as persons  acting in concert with the Acquirer, has 
announced an open offer for acquisition of up to 1,18,40,482*  (one crore eighteen lakh forty thousand 
four hundred and eighty two)  fully paid- up equity shares of face value of INR 10 ( Indian Rupees Ten 
only) each from the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, representing  up to  26% (twenty -six 
per cent.) of the Voting Share Capital of the Target Company at a price of INR   3,231.77 (Indian Rupees 
Three Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty One point S even Seven only ) per Equity Share (“Offer 
Price ”), aggregating to total consideration of up to INR  2997,11,18,266.54 (Indian Rupees Two 
Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety Seven Crore Eleven Lakh Eighteen Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty Six point Five Four only)  (assuming full acceptance  and undertaking proportionate reduction under 
Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations , subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the 
PA, the DPS, the DLOF and as set out in this LOF in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) .  
*The Open Offer size is subject to a proportionate reduction in accordance with the first proviso to 
Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, such that the resulting shareholding of the Acquirer 
and the PACs on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction does not exceed 75% of the Voting Share Capital. As an illustration, if the number of Equity Shares tendered by the public 
shareholders is equal to or more than 1,18,40,482 Equity Shares (26% of the Voting Share Capital), then the max imum Open Offer size would be proportionately reduced to 92,73,902 Equity Shares 
(~20.36% of the Voting Share Capital) and the shares to be acquired from the Sellers would be 
proportionately reduced to 2,48,81,333 Equity Shares (~54.64% of the Voting Share Capital).  
With respect to captioned Open Offer and in accordance with the provisions of the  SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations and subsequent amendments thereto,  we, Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited, 
as manager to the captioned Open Offer, hereby enclose a copy of the LOF  dated October 14, 2025, 
filed with the S EBI.  
We request you to kindly disseminate the LOF on your webs ite.  
Kindly note that, simultaneous with the filing of the LOF with SEBI , we have also shared a copy of the 
LOF with the Target Company  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (being the other stock 
exchanges on which the equity shares of the Target Company are listed  with s ymbol – AKZOINDIA) . 
All capitalised terms used in this letter unless defined herein shall have the same meanings as ascribed 
to them in the enclosed LOF. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIN U22990MH1998PTC115305 SEBI Stock Broker Registration Number :  INZ000244438 | SEBI Depository Participant Registration Number : IN -DP-567-2021 | SEBI Research 
Analyst Registration Number: INH000001105 | SEBI Merchant Banker Registration Number: INM000011203 | Compliance Officer: Tejarshi Hardas 
Tejarshi.Hardas@morgan stanley.com +91 22 6118 2051  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 Should you require any further information / clarifications on the same, please contact the following 
persons:  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
[REST  OF THE PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  Name  Designati
on Contact  Email ID  
Sundareswaran 
S Managing 
Director  +91 22 6118 
1057  akzonobelindia_open_offer@morganstanley
.com  
Shantanu Tilak  Associate  +91 22 6118 
1066  akzonobelindia_open_offer@morganstanley
.com  
 
 
 
CIN U22990MH1998PTC115305 SEBI Stock Broker Registration Number :  INZ000244438 | SEBI Depository Participant Registration Number : IN -DP-567-2021 | SEBI Research 
Analyst Registration Number: INH000001105 | SEBI Merchant Banker Registration Number: INM000011203 | Compliance Officer: Tejarshi Hardas 
Tejarshi.Hardas@morgan stanley.com +91 22 6118 2051  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Thanking you,  
For and on behalf of Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited  
 
Authorized Signatory 
Sundareswaran S  
Encl: Copy of the  Letter of Offer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

 
 
1 
 LETTER OF OFFER  
“THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION”  
 
This Letter of Offer (as defined below ) is being  sent to you as a Public  Shareholder ( as defined below ) of Akzo Nobe l India  Limited . If you require 
any clarifications about the action to be taken, you may consult your stockbroker or investment consultant or the Manager to the Offer/Registrar 
to the Offer ( as defined below ). In case you have recently sold your Equity  Shares  (as defined below ) in the Target Company, please hand over 
the Letter of Offer and the accompanying Form of Acceptance ( as defined below ) and transfer deed to the member of stock exchange through 
whom the said sale was effected.  
OPEN OFFER (“OPEN OFFER”/ “OFFER”)  
BY 
JSW Paints Limited  (“ACQUIRER”)  
A public company limited by shares , incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 
Registered Office : Jindal Mansion, 5A, Dr. G.  Deshmukh Marg , Mumbai, Maharashtra, India - 400026 
CIN: U24200MH2016PLC273511; Tel. No.: 022- 42861000;  Website : www.jswpaints.in  
TOGETHER WITH  
JTPM Metal Traders Limited  (“PAC 1”)  
A public  company limited by shares, incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013  
Registered Office : JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400051 ; 
CIN: U74999MH2017P LC405988; Tel: 022- 42863000 
AND  
JSW EduInfra Private Limited  (“PAC 2”)  
A private company limited by shares, incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013  
Registered  Office: Jindal Mansion, 5A, Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India -  400026 
CIN: U85500MH2024PTC418767;  Tel: 022- 42861000 
TO ACQUIRE UP TO 1,18,40,482 (ONE CRORE EIGHTEEN LAKH FORTY  THOUSAND FOUR  HUNDRED AND EIGHTY TWO ) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY  
SHARES HAVING FACE VALUE OF INR 10 (INDIAN RUPEES TEN ONLY) EACH  (“EQUITY SHARES”) , REPRESENTING UP TO 26.00% * (TWENTY SIX 
PERCENT)  OF THE VOTING SHARE CAPITAL  (AS DEFINED BELOW ) OF THE TARGET COMPANY, AT A PRICE OF INR 3,231.77 (INDIAN RUPEES 
THREE  THOUSAND TWO  HUNDRED AND THIRTY ONE  POINT SEVEN SEVEN  ONLY)  PER EQUITY SHARE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED , (“SEBI 
(SAST) REGULATIONS”), FROM THE PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS  OF 
 
AKZO NOBEL INDIA  LIMITED  (“TARGET COMPANY ”) 
A public company limited by shares, incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 
Registered Office : 801A South City Business Park , 770 Anandapur , Eastern Metropolitan Bypass Near Fortis Hospital, E.K.T, Kolkata,  West 
Bengal – 700107;  
CIN: L24292WB1954PLC021516; Tel. No.: +91 033- 22267462 ; Website : www.akzonobel.co.in  
* The Open Offer size is subject to a proportionate reduction in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SE BI (SAST) Regulations, 
such that the resulting shareholding of the Acquirer and the PACs on completion of the Open Offer and the Un derlying Transaction (as defined 
below) does not exceed 75% of the Voting Share Capital (as defined below). As an illustration, if the number of Equity S hares tendered by the 
public shareholders is equal to or more than 1,18,40,482 Equity S hares (26%  of th e Voting Share Capital ), then  the maximum Open Offer size 
would be proportionately reduced to 92,73,902 Equity S hares (~ 20.3 6% of the Voting Share Capital ) and the shares to be acquired from the Sellers 
would be proportionately reduced to 2, 48,81,333 Equity S hares (~ 54.64%  of the Voting Share Capital ).  
 
1. This Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer  and the PACs , pursuant to and in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4, and other applicable 
regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
2. The Offer Price is INR 3,231.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Two  Hundred and Thirty One  point Seven Seven only)  per Equity Share,  
payable in cash.  
3. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
4. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
5. The Required Statutory Approval, i.e., the approval of the Competition Commission of India required for the consummation of the Underlying 
Transaction and the Open Offer, was received on September 16, 2025. As on the date of this  LOF, there are no statutory or other approval (s) 
required by the Acquirer and the PACs to acquire the Equity Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to this Offer and/or to complete the 
Underlying Transaction ( as defined below ).If any statutory or other approval(s) become (s) applicable prior to the completion of the Offer, 
the Offer would also be subject to such statutory or other approval(s) being obtained.  Where the statutory or other approval (s) extend (s) to 
some but not all Public  Shareholders , the Acquirer and the PACs will have the option to make payment to such Public  Shareholders  in respect 
of whom no statutory or other approval (s) are required in order to complete this Open Offer .  
6. Under Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer and the PACs are permitted to revise the Offer Price ( as defined below ) 
or the Offer Size ( as defined below ) at any time prior to the commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day ( as defined below ) before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period ( as defined below ). In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, the Acquirer and the PACs shall (i) make a corresponding increase to the Escrow Amount in the Escrow Account ( as define d 
below ); (ii) make an announcement in the same newspapers in which the DPS ( as defined below ) was published;  and (iii) simultaneously 
notify the Stock Exchanges ( as defined below ), SEBI ( as defined below ) and the Target Company at its registered office. Such revision would 
be done in compliance with other requirements prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  and the Acquirer and the PACs would pay such 
revised price for all the Equity Shares validly tendered and accepted under the Open Offer . 
   
 
2 7. The Acquirer and the PACs may withdraw the Open Offer in accordance with the conditions specified in paragraph 8.4.5 of this LOF i.e. , in 
terms of Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in the event that: (a) any statutory or other approvals specified in paragraph 8.4 
(Statutory and Other Approvals ) of this LOF or those which become applicable prior to completion of the Open Offer are not received/ finally 
refused; and/or (b) any of the conditions precedent under the SPA as specified in paragraph 3.1.7(b) of this LOF are not satisfied or waived (if permitted under applicable law), for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer and the PACs and the SPA is terminated (in accordance with the terms thereof). In the event of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirer and the PACs (through the Manager) 
shall, within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the 
DPS ( as defined below) was published, stating the groun
ds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
8. There  is no competing offer as on the date of this LOF . The last date for making such competing offer has expired. 
9. Copies of the Public Announcement  (“PA”),the Detailed Public Statement  (“DPS”), and the Draft Letter of Offer (“ DLOF ”) are available and a 
copy of this Letter of Offer (“ Letter of Offer ” or “LOF ”) (including Form of Acceptance) ( as defined below ) are expected to be available on 
the website of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”) at www.sebi.gov.in . 
 
 
All future correspondence should be addressed to the Manager to the Offer/Registrar to the Offer at the addresses mentioned b elow:  
MANAGER TO THE OFFER  REGISTRAR TO THE OFFER  
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley India  Company Private Limited  
Address : Altimus, Level 39 & 40 Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, 
Mumbai 400 018, Maharashtra, India  
Contact Person:  Param Purohit   
Tel. No.:  +91 22 6118 1000 Fax No.: +91 22 6118 1011 
Email:  akzonobelindia_open_offer@morganstanley.com   
SEBI Registration Number: INM000011203 
Validity Period: Permanent  Registration   
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium, Tower -B, Plot No. - 31 and 32, Financial District 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India  
Contact Person:  M. Murali Krishna  
Tel. No.:  +91 40 67162222/18003094001   
Fax No.:  +91 40 671653  
Email:  einward.ris@kfintech.com   
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221 Validity Period:  Permanent Registration  

   
 
3 
 TENTATIVE SCHEDULE OF MAJOR ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFER   
 
Sr. 
No. Activity  Schedule disclosed 
in the DLOF (day 
and date)(1) Revised schedule (day 
and date)(2) 
1. Date of the PA Friday, June 27 , 
2025  Friday, June 27 , 2025  
2. Date of publication of the DPS in newspapers  Friday, July 4 , 2025  Friday, July 4 , 2025  
3. Date of filing of the DLOF with SEBI  Friday, July 11 , 
2025  Friday, July 11 , 2025  
4. Last date for public announcement for competing offer(s)(3) Friday, July 25 , 
2025  Friday, July 25 , 2025  
5. Last date for receipt of SEBI observations on the DLOF (in the 
event SEBI has not sought clarifications or additional 
information from the Manager)  Friday, August 1 , 
2025  Friday , October 3 , 
2025(4) 
6. Identified Date(5) Tuesday, August  5, 
2025  Tuesday, October  7, 
2025  
7. Last date by which this LOF is to be dispatched to the Public  
Shareholders whose name appears on the register of 
members on the Identified Date  Tuesday, August  
12, 2025  Tuesday, October 14, 
2025  
8. Last date by which the committee of the independent 
directors of the Target Company is required to give its 
recommendation to the Public  Shareholders for the Open 
Offer  Monday, August 
18, 2025 Friday, October  17, 2025   
9. Last date for upward revision of the Offer Price and/or Offer 
Size Monday, August 
18, 2025 Friday, October  17, 2025  
10. Date of publication of Offer opening public announcement in 
the newspapers in which the DPS has been published  Tuesday, August 
19, 2025 Monday, October  20, 
2025  
11. Date of commencement of the Tendering Period (“ Offer 
Opening Date”)  Wednesday, 
August 20 , 2025 Thursday, October 23, 
2025  
12. Date of closure of the Tendering Period (“ Offer Closing 
Date ”) Wednesday, 
September 3 , 2025  Thursday, November  6, 
2025   
13. Last date of communicating the rejection/acceptance and 
completion of payment of consideration or refund of Equity 
Shares to the Public  Shareholders  Thursday, 
September 18 , 
2025  Thursday, November  20, 
2025  
14. Last date for publication of post Open Offer public 
announcement in the newspapers in which the DPS has been published  Thursday, 
September 25 , 
2025  Thursday, November  27, 
2025  
15. Last date for filing the post Offer report with SEBI  Thursday, 
September 25, 
2025  Thursday, November  27, 
2025  
Notes : 
 
(1) The original schedule of activities was  indicative (prepared on the basis of timelines provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) 
and was subject to receipt of statutory / regulatory approvals .  
(2) Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may take place on or before the respective last dates.  
(3) There is no competing offer to this Offer.  
(4) Actual date of receipt of SEBI’s observations on the DLOF.  
(5) The Identified Date is only for the purpose of determining the Public  Shareholders  as on such date to whom the LOF will be sent. 
It is clarified that all holders (registered or unregistered)  of Equity  Shares  (except those who are excluded from the ambit of 
Public  Shareholders ) are eligible to participate in the Open Offer at any time during the Tendering Period. 
  
   
 
4 
 RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION, THE PROPOSED OFFER AND THE PROBABLE RISK 
INVOLVED IN ASSOCIATING WITH THE ACQUIRER  AND THE PACs 
 The risk factors set forth below are limited to this Open Offer, the Underlying Transaction contemplated under the 
SPA, and the Acquirer  and the PACs , and are not in relation to the present or future business operations of the Target 
Company or other related matters. These are neither exhaustive nor intended to constitute a complete or 
comprehensive analysis of all the risks involved in participation by the Public  Shareholders  in this Open Offer, or in 
association with the Acquirer  and the PACs , but are mer ely indicative in nature. Public  Shareholders  are advised to 
consult their respective stockbrokers, financial advisors, legal advisors, investment consultants and/or tax advisors, 
for understanding and analysing all risks associated with participation in this Open Offer.  
 For capitalized terms used herein, please refer to the section on Definitions set out below.  
 A. Relating to the Underlying Transaction  
 
1. The obligation of the Acquirer to complete the Underlying Transaction is conditional upon fulfilment of the 
conditions set out in the SPA (unless waived  by the Acquirer  or the Sellers , if permitted under applicable  law), as 
set out in paragraph  3.1.7 of this LOF. T he Underlying Transaction will be undertaken subject to the terms and 
conditions contained in the SPA. Further, the Underlying Transaction is subject to completion risks as would be 
applicable to similar transactions.  
 
B. Relating to the Offer  
 
1. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in this Open Offer by the Public  Shareholders, is more 
than the Offer Size, then the Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders will be accepted on a 
proportionate basis, in consultation with the Manager, subject to a maximum of 1,18,40,482 (one crore eighteen  
lakh forty thousand four  hundred and eighty two ) Equity Shares, representing up to 26.00 % (twenty six percent) 
of the Voting Share Capital or such proportionately reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to 
Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  as elaborated further in this LOF . As an illustration, if the number 
of Equity Shares tendered by the public shareholders is equal to or more than 1,18,40,482 Equity Shares (26% of the Voting Share Capital), then based on the total public shareholding of the Target Company as on the date of  
Letter of Offer (“ Letter of Offer ” or “ LOF”), in the event that the Open Offer is subscribed fully, the maximum 
Open Offer size would be proportionately reduced to 92,73,902 Equity S hares (~20.36% of the Voting Share 
Capital) and the shares to be acquired from the Sellers would be proportionately reduced to 2,48,81,333 Equity 
Shares (~54.64% of the Voting Share Capital).  
 
2. In terms of Regulation 23 (1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in the event that : (a) any statutory or other approvals 
specified in paragraph 8.4 (Statutory and Other Approvals ) of this LOF or those which become applicable prior to 
completion of the Open Offer are not received/ finally refused ; and/or (b) any of the conditions precedent under 
the SPA as specified in paragraph 3.1.7(b)  of this LOF are not satisfied or waived (if permitted under applicable 
law), for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer and the PACs and the SPA is  terminated (in 
accordance with the terms thereof), then the Acquirer and/or the PACs may withdraw the Open Offer. In the 
event of such a withdrawal of  the Open Offer, the Acquirer  and the PACs  (through the Manager) shall, within 2 
(two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in 
which the DPS was published,  stating the grounds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
3. If: (a) there is delay in receipt of any applicable statutory or other approvals ; (b) there is any order of a 
governmental authority or in a litigation leading to a stay / injunction  on the Open Offer  or that restricts/ restrains 
the Acquirer and the PACs from performing their obligations hereunder; or (c) SEBI instructs the Acquirer  and/or 
the PACs  to suspend the Open Offer, then the Open Offer process may be delayed beyond the schedule of 
activities indicated in this LOF. Consequently, the payment of consi deration to the Public  Shareholders  whose 
Equity Shares  have been accepted in this Open Offer as well as return of the Equity  Shares  not accepted by the 
   
 
5 
 Acquirer and the PACs may be delayed. In case of delay due to non -receipt of statutory approval(s) , in accordance 
with Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, SEBI may, if satisfied that the non -receipt of 
approvals was not on account of any wilful default or negligence on the part of the Acquirer and the PACs , grant 
extension for the purpose of completion of this Open Offer subject to the Acquirer and the PACs agreeing to pay 
interest to the Public  Shareholders , as may be specified b y SEBI. Where the statutory or other approval(s) 
extend (s) to some but not all Public  Shareholders, the Acquirer and/or the PACs will have the option to make 
payment to such Public  Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory or other approval(s) are required in order 
to complete this Open Offer . 
 
4. Equity Shares once tendered in the Open Offer cannot be withdrawn by the Public  Shareholders , even in the 
event of a delay in the acceptance of Equity Shares under the Open Offer and/or the payment of consideration. 
A lien shall be marked against the Equity Shares tendered in the Offer by the Public  Shareholders  until the 
completion of the formalities of this Offer and the Public  Shareholders  who have tendered their Equity Shares 
will not be able to trade in such Equity Shares during such period, even if th e acceptance of the Equity Shares in 
this Offer and/ or payment of consideration are delayed. During such period, there may be fluctuations in the 
market price of the Equity Shares of the Target Company that may adversely impact the Public  Shareholders  who 
have tendered their Equity Shares in this Open Offer. Neither the Acquirer / PACs nor the Manager to the Offer 
make any assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity Shares and disclaim any responsibility with 
respect to any decision by any Public Shareholder on whether or not to participate in the Offer. It is understood 
that the Public  Shareholders  will be solely responsible for their decisions regarding participation in this Open 
Offer.  
 
5. All Public  Shareholders , including non -resident holders of Equity Shares, must obtain all requisite approvals 
required, if any, to tender Equity Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit 
such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are 
not submitted, the Acquirer  and the PACs  reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. 
Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resi dent in India (including non -resident Indians, 
foreign institutional investors and foreign portfolio investors) had required any approvals (including from the 
RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be req uired to submit 
copies of such previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender Equity 
Shares, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer and the PACs  reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares. Public  Shareholders  
classified as overseas corporate bodies (“ OCB ”), if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open 
Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the Foreign Exc hange Management Act, 1999 and the 
rules and regulations made thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI independently to seek approval to 
tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer.  If the Equity Shares are held under general permission 
of RBI, the non -resident Public  Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission 
and clarify whether they are held on a repatriable basis or a non-repatriable basis.  
 
6. The acquisition of Equity Shares by the Acquirer and the PACs pursuant to the Underlying Transaction and/or Open Offer may result in the public shareholding in the Target Company falling below the minimum public 
shareholding requirement as per Rule 19A of the SCRR read with Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. 
In such an event, the Sellers will ensure that the Target Company satisfies the minimum public shareholding requirements in the manner and timeline prescribed under the SPA and/ or applicable  law (i.e., within the 
specified time period of 12 months under the SEBI Master Circular) . In the event the Sellers continue to hold 
more than 10% of the equity shares of the Target Company post completion of the Open Offer, then the Sellers 
will undertake a sell- down of equity shares in terms of  the SEBI Master Circular and the Sellers will be reclassified 
as “public shareholders”, in compliance with the conditions under Regulation 31A(3)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations including the conditions set out u nder Regulation 31A(3)(b)(i) (i.e., the Sellers holding not more than 
ten percent of the total voting rights in the Target Company).   
 
7. This LOF, together with the DLOF, DPS and the PA in connection with the Offer , have been prepared for the 
purposes of compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of India, including the SEBI Act and the SEBI 
   
 
6 
 (SAST) Regulations, and has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Recipients of 
this LOF , who are resident s in jurisdictions outside India , should inform themselves of and comply with any 
applicable legal requirements. This Open Offer is not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the same would be contrary to the applicable laws or regulations or would subject the Acq uirer / PACs  or 
the Manager to the Offer to any new or additional registration requirements.  
 
8. No action has been or will be taken to permit this Offer in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. Th is LOF shall be sent to all Public  Shareholders  whose names appear on the register of members 
of the Target Company, at their stated address, as of the Identified Date, subject to Regulation 18(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, provided that where local laws or regulations of any jurisdiction outside India may expose the Acquirer  and the PACs , the Manager to the Offer or the Target Company to material risk of civil, regulatory 
or criminal liabilities in the event this LOF in its final form were to be sent without material amendments or 
modifications into such jurisdiction, and the Public  Shareholders  resident in such jurisdiction hold Equity  Shares  
entitling them to less than 5% (five percent) of the voting rights of the Target Company, the Acquirer  and the 
PACs  may refrain from sending this  LOF into such jurisdiction: provided further that, subject to applicable law, 
every person holding Equity  Shares , regardless of whether he, she or it held Equity  Shares  on the Identified Date 
or has not received this LOF, shall be entitled to tender such Equity  Shares  in acceptance of the Offer.  
 
9. Public  Shareholders  are advised to consult their respective stockbroker, legal, financial, investment or other 
advisors and consultants of their choosing, if any, for assessing further risks with respect to their participation in this Open Offer, and related transfer of Equity  Shares  of the Target Company to the Acquirer. The Public  
Shareholders  are advised to consult their respective tax advisors for assessing the tax liability pursuant to this 
Open Offer, or in respect of any other aspects such as the tre atment that may be given by their respective 
assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirer, the PACs  and the Manager do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions set 
forth in th is LOF.  
 
10. The Acquirer, the PACs, the Manager and the Registrar to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for any loss 
of documents during transit (including but not limited to Form of Acceptance, delivery instruction slips, original share certificates, share transfer forms, etc.), and  Public  Shareholders  are advised to adequately safeguard their 
interest in this regard.  
11. The Acquirer , the PACs  and the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility for statements made otherwise 
than in the PA, DPS, DLOF, LOF or in the advertisements or any corrigenda or any materials issued by or at the 
instance of the Acquirer , the  PACs or the Manager to the Offer in relation to the Open Offer. Notwithstanding 
the above, the Acquirer , the PACs  and the Manager to the Offer do not accept responsibility for the statements 
made and information with respect to the Target Company and the Sellers ( which has been compiled from 
information published or publicly available sources or provided by the Target Company  and/ or the Sellers, as 
the case may be), as set out in the PA, DPS, DLOF, LOF, or in the advertisements or any corrigenda or any materials 
issued by or at the instance of the Acquirer , the PACs or the Manager to the Offer.  The accuracy of such details 
of the Target Company and/or the Seller s have not been independently verified by the Acquirer , the PACs  and/ 
or the Manager to the Offer. Anyone placing reliance on any other sources of information would be doing so at 
his/her/its own risk.  
 
12. The information contained in this LOF is as of the date of this LOF unless expressly stated  otherwise. The Acquirer , 
the PACs  and the Manager to the Offer are under no obligation to update the  information contained herein at 
any time after the date of this LOF.  
 
13. The Acquirer and the PACs have made financial arrangements for the Open Offer by way of external debt funding sources and are reliant on such sources to fund the Open Offer . 
 
14. This Offer is subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar transactions.  
 
   
 
7 
 C. Relating to the Acquirer  and the PACs  
 
1. The Acquirer , the PACs  and Manager to the Offer make no assurance with respect to the continuation of the past 
trends in the financial performance or the future performance of the Target Company and disclaim any 
responsibility with respect to any decision by any of the Public  Shareholders  on whether or not to participate in 
the Open Offer.  The Public  Shareholders  should not be guided by the past performance of the Target Company 
and/or the Acquirer and/or the PACs while arriving at their decision to participate in the Open Offer.  
 
2. The Acquirer , the PACs  and Manager to the Offer make no assurance with respect to their 
investment/divestment decisions relating to their proposed shareholding in the Target Company.  
 
3. Each of t he Acquirer , the PACs  and Manager to the Offer do not provide any assurance with respect to the market 
price of the Equity  Shares  of the Target Company before, during or upon the completion of this Open Offer and 
expressly disclaim any responsibility or obligation of any kind (except as required by applicable law) with respect 
to any decision  by any shareholder on whether to participate or not to participate in the Open Offer. It is 
understood that the Public  Shareholders  will be solely responsible for their decisions regarding their participation 
in this Offer.  
 
DISCLAIMER FOR PERSONS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES  
 This LOF does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in whic h 
such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Readers  of the information contained in this L OF are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  
 
The Open Offer described in this LOF is not being made to, nor will tender of shares be accepted from or on behalf of 
Public  Shareholders  in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not in compliance with applicable law or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Readers  of the information contained in this LOF are 
requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
 DISCLAIMER FOR U.S. PERSONS   
 
In addition to the above, please note that the Open Offer is being made for the acquisition of securities of an Indian 
company and Public  Shareholders  in the U.S. or that are U.S. persons should be aware that this LOF and any other 
documents relating to the Open Offer have been or will be prepared in accordance with Indian procedural and disclosure 
requirements, including requirements regarding the Offer timetable and timing of payments, all of which differ from those in the U.S. Any financial information included in this LOF or in any other documents relating to the Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non -U.S. accounting standards that may not be comparable to financ ial 
statements of companies in the U.S. or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles . 
 
CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION  
 
In this LOF, all references to “Re.” and “Rs.” and “INR” are references to Indian Rupee (s). 
 In this LOF, any discrepancy in any table between the total and sums of the amount listed are due to rounding off and/or regrouping.  
  
   
 
8 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. DEFINITIONS ......................................................................................................................... 9 
2. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  ............................................................................................................ 13 
3. DETAILS OF THE OFFER  ........................................................................................................ 13 
4. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER AND THE PACS  .................................................................  20 
5. DETAILS OF THE SELLERS  ...................................................................................................... 35 
6. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY  ........................................................................... 36 
7. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  .................................................................... 43 
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  .............................................................................. 47 
9. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER  .......................................... 52 
10. NOTE ON TAXATION  ............................................................................................................ 61 
11. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  ............................................................................................ 70 
12. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER AND THE PACS  .................................................................. 71 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  ................................................................... 73 
  
  
   
 
9 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 
Acquirer  JSW Paints  Limited  
Acquisition Window  Separate window made available by the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE and NSE, 
for the purpose of implementation of the Open Offer through stock 
exchange mechanism as provided under the Master Circular  
AOP  Association of persons  
Board  Board of directors  
BOI Body of individuals  
BSE BSE Limited  
Buying Broker  Morgan Stanley India Company Private  Limited  
CBDT  Central Board of Direct Taxes  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CKYC  Central know your client  
CIN Corporate  Identification Number  
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited and NSE Clearing Limited   
Depositories  CDSL and NSDL  
Designated Stock 
Exchange  NSE 
DIN Director Identification Number  
DIS Delivery instruction slip(s)  
DLOF/  Draft Letter of 
Offer  The Draft Letter of Offer dated July 11 , 2025 , filed with SEBI pursuant to 
Regulation 16(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
DP  Depository participant  
DPS/  Detailed Public 
Statement  Detailed public statement in connection with the Open Offer, published on 
behalf of the Acquirer on July 4 , 2025 , in the newspapers mentioned in 
paragraph 3.2.2 of this LOF  
DTAA  Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement  
Equity Share(s)  Fully paid -up equity shares of the Target Company having face value of INR  
10 (Indian Rupees Ten only)  each  
Escrow Account  Escrow account named “ JSW Paints Ltd - Akzo Nobel Escrow Account ” 
opened with the Escrow Agent in terms of the Escrow Agreement  
Escrow Agent  Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited   
Escrow Agreement  Escrow Agreement dated  June 27 , 2025 , executed by and between the 
Acquirer, the Manager and the Escrow Agent  
Escrow Amount  A cash deposit of INR 42,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Forty Two Crore)  in the 
Escrow Account made by the Acquirer  
Execution Date  June 27, 2025  
FATCA  Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
FEMA  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, as amended or modified from time to time  
FI Financial Institutions  
FII/ FPI  Foreign Institutional Investor  or Foreign Portfolio Investor as defined under 
FEMA  
FIFP Foreign Investment Facilitation Portal (erstwhile Foreign Investment 
   
 
10 
 Promotion Board ) which shall include the Department for Promotion of 
Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, 
Government of India (erstwhile Department of Industrial Policy and 
Promotion ) 
Form of Acceptance  Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement  
GAAR  General Anti -Avoidance Rule  
HUF  Hindu Undivided Family  
Identified Date  Date falling on the 10th (tenth) Working Day prior to the commencement of 
the Tendering Period, for the purpose of determining the Public  
Shareholders to whom th e LOF shall be sent , i.e., October 7, 2025 . 
IT Act/ Income Tax 
Act Income Tax Act, 1961  and subsequent amendments thereto  
Indian Rupees or INR  Indian Rupees  
IPV In Person Verification  
KRA KYC Registration Agency  
KYC Know Your Client  
LOF/  Letter of Offer  This Letter of offer dated October  14, 2025 , duly  incorporating SEBI’s 
comments on the DLOF, and including the Form of Acceptance, which shall 
be dispatched to the Public  Shareholders  
Long Stop Date  The Long Stop Date under the SPA, is the date falling 9 (nine) months after 
the Execution Date, or such other date as may be extended by the Acquirer and the Sellers  
LTCA  Long -term Capital Asset  
LTCG  Long -term Capital Gains  
Manager/ Manager 
to the Offer  Morgan Stanley India  Company Private Limite d 
SEBI Master Circular  
– SAST Regulations  
 SEBI’s Master Circular dated February 16, 2023 , bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 
Maximum 
Consideration  The total funding requirement for this Offer (assuming full acceptance  of 
the Open Offer  and undertaking proportionate reduction under Regulation 
7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations ), i.e., up to INR 2997 ,11,18,266.54  
(Indian Rupees  Two Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety  Seven Crore Eleven 
Lakh Eighteen Thousand Two Hundred Sixty  Six Rupees a nd Fifty  Four Paise  
only ) 
MFs  Mutual Funds  
Multilateral 
Instrument/ MLI  Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty related Measures to 
Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting  
N.A.  Not applicable  
NRI  Non -resident Indian  as defined under FEMA  
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
OCB  Overseas Corporate Bodies  
Offer/ Open Offer  Open Offer for acquisition of up to 1,18,40,482  (one crore eighteen  lakh 
forty  thousand four  hundred and eighty two ) Equity Shares representing up 
to 26.00 % (twenty six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital of the Target 
   
 
11 
 Company at the Offer Price  or such proportionately reduced Equity Shares 
in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations as elaborated further in this LOF , payable in cash  
Offer Closing Date  Date of closure of the Tendering Period i.e., November  6, 2025  
Offer Opening Date  Date of commencement of the Tendering Period i.e.,  October 23 , 2025  
Offer Period  Period as defined in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
Offer Price  INR 3,231.77  (Indian Rupees Three  Thousand Two  Hundred and Thirty One  
point Seven Seven  only)  per Equity Share , payable in cash  
Offer Shares  Up to 1,18,40,482  (one crore eighteen  lakh forty  thousand four  hundred and 
eighty two ) Equity Shares of the Target Company  or such proportionately 
reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
Offer Size  Up to 1,18,40,482  (one crore eighteen lakh forty  thousand four  hundred and 
eighty two ) Equity Shares representing 26.00 % (twenty six percent)  of the 
Voting Share Capital of the Target Company  or such proportionately 
reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
OSV Original seen and verified  
PA/ Public 
Announcement  Public announcement dated June 27 , 2025 , issued by the Manager on behalf 
of the Acquirer  and the PACs , in connection with the Offer  
PAC 1  JTPM Metal Traders Limited  
PAC 2  JSW EduInfra Private Limited  
PACs  PAC 1 and PAC 2 collectively, i.e., JTPM Metal Traders Limited  and JSW 
EduInfra  Private Limited  
PAN  Permanent Account Number  
Public  Shareholders  All the public shareholders of the Target Company who are eligible to tender 
their Equity Shares in the Open Offer, other than: (i) the Acquirer; (ii) PACs 
(iii) Seller 1  (as defined below ); (iv) Seller 2  (as defined below ); and (v) 
persons deemed to be acting in concert with the persons set out in (i) to (iv) 
above, pursuant to and in compliance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
Registrar of the 
Target Company  C B Management Services Private Limited   
Relevant Period  The 12 (twelve) calendar months preceding the calendar month in which 
the PA was made i.e., period from June  1, 2024  to May  31, 2025  
Registrar/ Registrar 
to the Offer  Kfin Technologies Limited  
RBI  Reserve Bank of India  
Required Statutory 
Approval  The approval of the Competition Commission of India under the 
Competition Act, 2002, as amended, required for the consummation of the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer
, which was received on 
September 16, 2025  
SCRR  Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and subsequent amendments 
thereto  
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Act  Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and subsequent 
amendments thereto  
SEBI (LODR) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
   
 
12 
 Regulations  Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and subsequent amendments thereto  
SEBI Master Circular  
– LODR Regulations  SEBI’s Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 , bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155  
SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares 
and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and subsequent amendments thereto  
Seller 1  Imperial Chemical Industries Limited   
Seller 2  Akzo Nobel Coatings International B.V.  
Sellers  Seller 1 and Seller 2, collectively  
SPA Share purchase agreement dated June 27 , 2025  executed by the Acquirer 
with the Sellers  
SPA Consideration  Up to INR 9,403.21 crore , as set out in paragraph 3.1.2 of this LOF  
Sale Shares  Up to 3,40,44,335 (three crore forty lakh forty four  thousand three  hundred 
and thirty five ) Equity Shares, representing up to 74.76% (seventy four point 
seven six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital, which the Acquirer has 
agreed to acquire under the SPA from the Seller s at a price of INR 2,762.05  
(Indian Rupees Two Thousand Seven  Hundred and Sixty Two Point Zero Five  
only)  subject to certain adjustments which may be made to such price basis 
certain business and commercial parameters, which adjusted price  shall not 
exceed the Offer Price in any circumstance whatsoever  
STCA  Short -term Capital Asset  
STCG  Short -term Capital Gains  
Stock Exchanges  Stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed, 
i.e., BSE and NSE  
STT Securities Transaction Tax  
Target Company  Akzo Nobel India  Limited   
Tendering Period  Period commencing  on October 23, 2025 , and closing on November 6, 2025 , 
both days inclusive  
TRS Transaction Registration Slip  
UCC  Unique Client Code  
Underlying 
Transaction  Transaction contemplated under the SPA, as set out in paragraph 3.1.2 of 
this LOF  
Voting Share Capital  The total equity share capital of the Target Company on a fully diluted basis 
expected as of the 10th (tenth) Working Day from the closure of the 
Tendering Period of the Open Offer  
Working Day  Working days of SEBI as defined in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in Mumbai  
Notes : 
 
(1) All capitalized terms used in this LOF and not specifically defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the SEB I 
(SAST) Regulations.  
(2) In this LOF, any reference to the singular will include the plural and vice- versa.  
  
   
 
13 
 2. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
 
“IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT FILING OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER WITH SEBI SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY 
BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED, VETTED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. THE DRAFT LETTER 
OF OFFER HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITED PURPOSE OF OVERSEEING WHETHER THE DISCLOSURES 
CONTAINED TH EREIN ARE GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS. 
THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE THE PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS  OF AKZO NOBEL INDIA  LIMITED  TO TAKE AN 
INFORMED DECISION WITH REGARD TO THE OFFER. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR FINANCIAL 
SOUNDNESS OF THE ACQUIRER , THE PACs  OR THE TARGET COMPANY WHOSE EQUITY  SHARES /CONTROL IS PROPOSED 
TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THIS  LETTER OF 
OFFER. IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ACQUIRER  AND THE PACs  ARE PRIMARILY 
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION IN T HIS LETTER 
OF OFFER, THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER IS EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE ACQUIRER  
AND THE PACs DULY DISCHARGE THEIR  RESPONSIBILITY ADEQUATELY. IN THIS BEHALF, AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOSE, 
THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER  – MORGAN STANLEY INDIA  COMPANY PRIVATE  LIMITED  HAS SUBMITTED A DUE 
DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED  11 JULY 2025 , TO SEBI IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SEBI (S AST) REGULATIONS . THE 
FILING OF THIS  LETTER OF OFFER DOES NOT, HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER  AND THE PACs FROM THE 
REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE OPEN 
OFFER.”  
 
General Disclaimer  
 This LOF together with the PA dated June 27 , 2025 , the DPS that was published on  July 4, 2025, in connection with the 
Offer, and the DLOF dated July 11, 2025  has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which 
would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in a ccordance with the laws and regulations of any 
jurisdiction outside of India. T he delivery of this LOF does not , under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no change in t he affairs of the Target Company and /or the Acquirer  and/or the PACs , since the date hereof or 
that the information contained herein is correct as at any time subsequent to this date, n or is it to be implied that the 
Acquirer  and/or the PACs  is under any obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after this date.  
 
No action has been or will be taken to permit this Offer in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that 
purpose. Th is LOF shall be sent to all Public  Shareholders  whose names appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company, at their stated address, as of the Identified Date. However, receipt of th is LOF by any Public  Shareholder in a 
jurisdiction in which it would be illegal to make this Offer, or where making this Offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricte d to, registration of this LOF under any local securities laws), shall not be treated by 
such Public  Shareholder as an offer being made to them, and shall be construed by them as being sent for information 
purposes only. Accordingly, no such  Public  Shareholder may tender his, her or its Equity  Shares  in this Offer in such 
jurisdiction.  
 Persons in possession of the PA, the DPS, th e DLOF, this LOF and/or any other advertisement/publication made or 
delivered in connection with the Offer are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions. Any Public  
Shareholder  who tenders his, her or its Equity  Shares  in this Offer shall be deemed to have declared, represented, 
warranted and agreed that he, she, or it is authorized under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, regulations 
and statutes to participate in this Offer.  
 
3. DETAILS OF THE OFFER  
 
3.1. Background of the Offer  
 
3.1.1.  The Offer is a mandatory open offer being made by the Acquirer and the PACs to the Public  Shareholders  of 
the Target Company in accordance with Regulation s 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  pursuant to the 
execution of the SPA . 
   
 
14 
  
3.1.2.  The Acquirer has entered into a share purchase agreement dated June 27 , 2025 (“Execution Date ”) with Seller 
1 and Seller 2 (together, the “ Sellers ”) (“SPA”) pursuant to which the Acquirer has agreed to acquire up to 
3,40,44,335 ( three crore forty lakh forty four  thousand three hundred and thirty five ) Equity Shares  of the 
Target Company , representing up to 74.76 % (seventy four point seven six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital 
(“Sale Shares ”), at a price that can be up to a maximum of INR 2,762.05 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Seven  
Hundred and Sixty Two Point Zero Five only) per Equity Share subject to certain adjustments which may be 
made to such price bas is certain business and commercial parameters, such that the  adjusted price shall not 
exceed the Offer Price in any circumstance whatsoever. The Sale Shares will be acquired from the Sellers for a 
total consideration , aggregating up to INR 9,403.21 crore (inclusive of an aggregate contingent consideration 
of INR 447 crore and certain other adjustments, as set out in the SPA) (“ SPA Consideration ”), subject to the 
terms and conditions set out in the SPA  including receipt of the Required Statutory Approval  (“Underlying 
Transaction”) .  
 
3.1.3.  The Sale Shares to be acquired by the Acquirer under the SPA shall be: (i ) the difference of 75% (seventy five 
percent) of the Voting Share Capital of the Target Company on the last date of the Tendering Period minus  the 
number of Equity Shares tendered by the Public Shareholders as part of the Open Offer; or (ii) such  
proportionately reduced Sale Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations . 
 
3.1.4.  Since the Acquirer has entered into the SPA to acquire voting rights in excess of 25% of the Voting Share Capital, 
accompanied with control over the Target Company, this Open Offer is a mandatory offer being made under Regulations 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (S AST) Regulations. Pursuant to the consummation of the Underlying 
Transaction and in compliance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer will acquire sole control over the 
Target Company, and the Acquirer shall become and be classified as the ‘promoter’ of the Target Company in 
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations . Further, pursuant to the consummation of the 
SPA, the Sellers, being the existing promoters of the Target Company, shall cease to be in control of the Target 
Company and will be reclassified from “promoter” of the Company to “public” pursuant to this Ope n Offer and 
subject to satisfaction of conditions set out in Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations . 
 
3.1.5.  The Offer Price will be payable in cash by the Acquirer, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 9(1)(a) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
3.1.6.  The Board  of the Acquirer have  passed a resolution dated June 27, 2025 approving the Underlying Transaction . 
 
3.1.7.  Salient features  of the SPA are set out below:  
 
(a) The SPA sets forth the terms and conditions agreed between the Acquirer, Seller 1 and Seller 2 and their 
respective rights and obligations . 
 
(b) The consummation of the transaction contemplated under the SPA is subject to satisfaction or waiver 
(subject to  applicable laws) of the conditions precedent specified under the SPA, within 9 (nine) months  
from the Execution Date, or such later date as agreed between the Acquirer and the Sellers  (“SPA Long 
Stop Date ”). The following  are the key conditions precedent : 
 
(i) The Sellers  having provided to the Acquirer  in the manner stated under the SPA : (a) a draft of the 
capital gains  tax computation report ; (b) a draft report in respect of Section 281 of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961  with respect to each Seller in a form acceptable to the Acquirer ; and (c) permanent 
account number of the Sellers ; 
 
(ii) The Sellers having provided a duly executed valuation report, capital gains tax computation report 
and Section 281 report, and filed Form 15CB, 3 (three) business days prior to the  date on which a 
   
 
15 
 Sale Share is transferred from a Seller to the Acquirer shall, in relation to th e Sale Share s in the 
manner stated under the SPA ; 
 
(iii) The last date of the tendering period for the Open Offer shall have expired; and   
 
(iv) The Competition Commission of Indi a having grant ed its  approval.  
 
(c) Until the closing of the Underlying Transaction or termination of the SPA, the Target Company will be 
subject to customary standstill covenants. These standstill covenants include: no material changes in the 
Target Company’s ongoing operations or existing capital structure, related party transactions beyond 
pre-approved limits, material business decisions, large expenditures and litigation actions, and prior 
written consent of the Acquirer will be required before undertaking any of the aforesaid actions .  
 
(d)  Under the terms of the SPA, the Parties had agreed that the Sellers also have an option to sell certain 
number of Equity Shares, prior to and / or following the Offer Closing Date , as described below:  
 
a. pre-Open Offer tendering period sale, the ability to sell is limited to a maximum of 5% of the Target 
Company’s equity share capital (i.e., 22,77,015), in aggregate . In accordance with the above, Seller 
1 has exercised the option to sell certain number of Equity Shares of the Target Company prior to 
Offer Opening Date and sold 22,77,015 Equity Shares  representing ~5.00% of the Voting Share 
Capital on the floor of the NSE on September 24, 2025.  
 
b. post -Open Offer tendering period sale,  the ability to sell would be limited to the maximum of 
lowest of: (A) 5% of the equity share capital (i.e., 22,77,015); (B) 7% of the equity share capital (i.e., 
31,87,821) minus  the pre- Open Offer sales as mentioned above in (a); and (C) lowest number of 
equity shares to be sold to increase the public shareholding in the Target Company to 25%.  
 
(e) On or prior to consummation of the Underlying Transaction / closing of the SPA, the Seller /s will and/or 
cause their ultimate promoter/holding company/affiliates to execute certain (i) corporate brand licensing and (ii) intellectual property licensing agreements with the Target Company . 
 
(f) The Sellers are required to procure certain no -objection certificates from the respective lenders in 
relation to the transactions contemplated under the SPA, in the manner provided in the SPA . 
 
(g) The Underlying Transaction will be consummated either through on -market sale and/or off-  market sale . 
 
(h) The SPA also contains customary terms and conditions such as confidentiality, representations and 
warranties, specific indemnities, etc . 
 
(i) The SPA may be terminated by either the Acquirer or the Sellers if the transfer of the Sale Shares from 
the Sellers to the Acquirer has not been completed by the SPA Long Stop Date.  
 
3.1.8.  The acquisition of Equity Shares by the Acquirer and the PACs pursuant to the Underlying Transaction and/or Open Offer may result in the public shareholding in the Target Company falling below the minimum public 
shareholding requirement as per Rule 19A of the SCRR read with Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. 
In such an event, the Sellers will ensure that the Target Company satisfies the minimum public shareholding 
requirements in the manner and timeline prescribed under the SPA and/ or applicable  law (i.e., within the 
specified time period of 12 months under  the SEBI Master Circular – LODR Regulations ). In the event the Sellers 
continue to hold more than 10% of the Equity Shares of the Target Company post completion of the Open 
Offer, then the Sellers will undertake a sell- down of Equity Shares  in terms of SEBI Master Circular –  LODR 
Regulations and the Sellers will be reclassified as “public shareholders”, in compliance with the conditions 
under Regulation 31A(3)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations including the conditions set out under Regulation 
   
 
16 
 31A(3)(b)(i) (i.e., the Sellers holding not more than ten percent of the total voting rights in the Target 
Company).  An extract from the SPA reflecting the above understanding is set out below:  
 “In the event that the public shareholding in the Company falls below 25% (twenty five per cent) at the 
conclusion of the Mandatory Open Offer and completion of the Transaction (and not, for the avoidance of 
doubt, as a result of  and to the extent that, the Acquirer acquires Equity Shares other than in accordance with 
the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement it being understood that Equity Shares that the Acquirer 
purchases from third parties pursuant to a slippage (if any) during the On-Market Com pletion shall, for this 
purpose, be considered as having been acquired in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in this 
Agreement), the Sellers shall sell enough Equity Shares in accordance with SEBI MPS Circular to bring the public shareholding in the Company into compliance with Applicable Law at the sole cost and expense of the Sellers…”   
  
3.1.9.  No special rights in respect of director appointment have been granted to the Acquirer under the SPA.   
 
3.1.10.  The Acquirer and the PACs do not have any nominee directors or representatives on the Board of the Target 
Company as on the date of this LOF.   
 
3.1.11.  The Acquirer and the PACs have not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities pursuant to the terms of any directions issued under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other regulations made under the SEBI Act.  
3.1.12.  As on the date of this LOF, the Acquirer and the PACs do not hold any Equity Shares/ voting rights/ ownership/ interest/ other relationships in the Target Company.   
 
3.1.13.  As per Regulations 26(6) and 26(7) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Board  of the Target Company is required 
to constitute a committee of independent directors to publish its written reasoned recommendation on the Open Offer to the Public  Shareholders  of the Target Company and such recommendation shall be published at 
least 2 (two) Working Days before the commencement of the Tendering Period, in the same newspapers in which the DPS was published.  
 
3.2. Details of the proposed Offer  
 
3.2.1.  The PA announcing the Open Offer, issued by the Manager to the Offer on behalf of the Acquirer  and the PACs , 
under Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulation s 13(1), 14 and 15(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, was  
filed with the Stock Exchanges and SEBI  on June 27, 2025 and a copy thereof was also sent to the Target 
Company on June 27, 2025.  The PA is available on the website of SEBI at  www.sebi.gov.in .  
 
3.2.2.  In accordance with Regulation s 13(4) and 14(3) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the DPS was published in the 
following newspapers on  July 4, 2025: 
 
Newspapers  Language  Editions  
Financial Express  English  All editions  
Jansatta  Hindi  All editions  
Navshakti  Marathi(1) Mumbai(1) 
Dainik Statesman  Bengali(2) Kolkata(2) 
Notes :  
(1) Marathi , being the regional language in Mumbai , i.e., the place of the stock exchange where the maximum 
volume of trading in the Equity Shares was recorded during the 60 (sixty) trading days preceding the date of this Public Announcement . 
(2) Bengali, being the regional language in Kolkata, i.e., the place where the Target Company’s registered office is located.   
 
   
 
17 
 Simultan eously, a copy of t he DPS was also submitted to SEBI and the Stock Exchanges and sent to the Target 
Company on  July 4, 2025. The DPS is also available on the website of SEBI at  www.sebi.gov.in . 
 
3.2.3.  This Offer is being made by the Acquirer and the PACs to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company to 
acquire up to 1,18,40,482 (one crore eighteen lakh forty thousand four hundred and eighty two)  Equity Shares 
(“Offer Shares ”) constituting up to 26.00 % (twenty six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital (“ Offer Size ”) or 
such proportionately reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, at an offer price of INR 3,231.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Two  Hundred and Thirty 
One point Seven Seven  only) per Offer Share  (“Offer Price ”), aggregating to a total consideration of up to INR 
2997,11,18,266.54 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety Seven Crore Eleven Lakh Eighteen 
Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty Six point Five Four only)  (assuming full accept ance  and undertaking 
proportionate reduction under Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations ) (“Maximum Consideration ”), 
subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the PA, th e DPS,  this LOF  and to be set out in the LOF that is 
proposed to be issued in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . The Offer Price may be adjusted by the Acquirer 
and the PACs, in consultation with the Manager, in the event of any corporate action(s) such as issuances 
pursuant to rights issue, bonus issue, stock consolidations, stock splits, payment of dividends (mor e than 50% 
(fifty percent) higher than the average of the dividend per share paid during the 3 (three) financial years 
preceding the date of the PA), de -mergers, reduction of capital, etc. where the record date for effecting such 
corporate action(s) falls prior to the 3
rd (third) Working Day before the commencement of the Tendering 
Period, in accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. To elaborate, the Target Company has paid the following dividend in last 3 (three) financial years preceding the date o f the PA: (i) INR 60.00 per 
share paid in FY23, (ii) INR 90.00 per share paid in FY24 and (iii) INR 95.00 per share paid in FY25. Accordingly, the average dividend paid by the Target Company during the last 3 (three) years preceding the date of the PA 
was INR 81.67 per share  and the amount which is 50% higher than such average dividend is INR 122.50 per 
equity share . In FY26, the Board of the Target Company  declared an aggregate dividend of INR 186 per equity 
share in the following manner: (i)  on May 14, 2025, it has approved and recommended a dividend of INR 30.00 
per share (record date: July 25, 2025)  which was approved by the equity shareholders o f the Target Company 
on August 4, 2025; and (ii) on August 4, 2025, it has approved a dividend of INR 156 .00 per equity share (record 
date: August 11, 2025).  Therefore, in accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, an 
amount of INR 186 per equity share has been adjusted to the Offer Price and the Offer Price has been revised to INR 3,231.77  per equity share, subject to an y further adjustments as may be permitted in terms of SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations .  
 
3.2.4.  In the event that the public shareholding of the Target Company increases post the date of this LOF and up to 
1 (one) Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period, then the Offer Size of the Open Offer shall be increased accordingly, subject to a maximum of 26% of the Voting Share Capital, and  such revised 
Offer Size shall also be subject to proportionate reduction in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
3.2.5.  In the event the Equity Shares tendered in the Open Offer results in the shareholding of the Acquirer and  the 
PACs exceeding the maximum permissible non -public shareholding prescribed under the SCRR, then the 
Acquirer shall in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, undertake a proportionate reduction of the Equity  Shares such that the resulting shareholding of the Acquirer and the 
PACs to be acquired under the: (i) SPA; and (ii) Open Offer shall be proportionate ly reduced such that the 
resulting shareholding does not exceed the maximum permissible non- public shareholding prescribed under 
the SCRR.  
 
3.2.6.  The Voting Share Capital of the Target Company as of the 10th (tenth) Working Day from the closure of the 
Tendering Period is computed as per the table below:   
 
Particulars  Issued and paid -up Equity 
Shares  % of Voting 
Share Capital  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares  4,55,40,314  100.00  
   
 
18 
 Particulars  Issued and paid -up Equity 
Shares  % of Voting 
Share Capital  
Partly paid -up Equity Shares/ outstanding convertible 
securities (such as depository receipts, convertible 
debentures, warrants, convertible preference shares etc.)  Nil Nil 
Employee stock options vested or which shall vest  Nil Nil 
Voting Share Capital (Total)  4,55,40,314  100.00  
 
3.2.7.  As on the date of this LOF, there is only 1 (one) class of Equity Shares and there are no: (i) partly paid- up equity 
shares; (ii) equity shares carrying differential voting rights; (iii) outstanding convertible instruments (such as 
depository receipts, convertible debentures, warrants, convertible preference shares, employee stock options etc.) issued by the Target Company which are convertible into Equity Shares of the Target Company; and/ or 
(iv) Equity Shares held by the promoters which are under lock -in. 
 
3.2.8.  The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. The Acquirer and the PACs  intend 
to retain the listing of the Target Company . The Acquirer intends to acquire sole control of the Target Company 
and the Sellers would cease to be in control of the Target Company (and shall not under any circumstance be 
considered to be in joint control with the Sellers) on completion of this Open Offer and the Underlying 
Transaction .  
 
3.2.9.  The Offer Price is the price arrived at in accordance with Regulation s 8(1),8(2) and 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, i.e., INR 3,231.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Two  Hundred and Thirty One  point Seven Seven 
only) per Offer Share . The Offer Price will be payable in cash by the Acquirer, in accordance with the provisions 
of Regulation 9(1)(a) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
3.2.10.  There is no differential pricing being offered for the Equity Shares tendered in this Offer.  
3.2.11.  If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in this Open Offer by the Public  Shareholders, is 
more than the Offer Size, then the Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders will be accepted 
on a proportionate basis, in consultation with the Manager, subject to a maximum of up to 1,18,40,482 (one 
crore eighteen lakh forty thousand four hundred and eighty two)  Equity Shares, representing up to 26.00 % 
(twenty six percent) of the Voting Share Capital  or such proportionately reduced E quity Shares in accordance 
with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
3.2.12.  This Open Offer is not a competing offer and there is no competing offer as on the date of this LOF in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. This Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance from the Public  Shareholders  of the Target Company in terms of Regulation 19(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
3.2.13.  As on the date of this LOF , there are no statutory or other approval(s) required to acquire the Offer Shares that 
are validly tendered pursuant to this Open Offer and/or to complete the Underlying Transaction . The Required 
Statutory Approval , and as set out in paragraph 8.4 ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of this LOF, was received 
on September 16, 2025. If any statutory or other approval(s) become(s) applicable prior to the completion of 
the Offer, the Offer would also be subject to such statutory or other approval(s) being obtained and the 
Acquirer and the PACs shall make necessary applications for such approval(s).  
 
3.2.14.  All Public Shareholders, including non -resident holders of Equity Shares, must obtain all requisite approvals 
required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the other  documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are 
not submitted, the Acquirer and the PACs reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Share s, 
   
 
19 
 to tender the Offer Shares, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In 
the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer and the PACs reserve the right to reject such Offer Shares. Where statutory or other approv al(s) extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the 
Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory 
or other approval(s) are required in order to complete this Open Offer.  
 
3.2.15.  The Public  Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that the Equity Shares 
are clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. The Offer Shares will be acquired by the Acquirer as fully 
paid up, free from all liens, charges and encumbrances and together with the rights attached thereto, including all rights to dividend, bonus and rights offer declared thereof, and the tendering Public  Shareholders shall have 
obtained all necessary consents for it to sell the Equity Shares on the for egoing basis. All the Equity Shares 
validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders in this Open Offer will be acquired by the Acquirer in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth in the PA, DPS, this LOF and to be set out in the LOF that is proposed to be issued in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
3.2.16.  The Acquirer does not hold any Equity Shares or voting rights in the Target Company as on the date of this LOF. 
The Acquirer has not acquired any Equity Shares after the date of the PA, i.e ., June 27, 2025 , and up to the 
date of this LOF.   
 
3.2.17.  The Manager does not hold any Equity Shares in the Target Company as on the date of this LOF . The Manager 
to the Open Offer further declares and undertakes not to deal on its account in the Equity Shares of the Target 
Company during the Offer Period.  The Manager is not an associate of the Acquirer.  
 
3.2.18.  There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against the Manager to the Offer under the SEBI Act 
and the regulations made thereunder by SEBI.  There are no actions taken or penalties levied by SEBI under the 
SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, against the Manager to the Offer (for its merchant banking business) in the 8 (eight) financial years in preceding the year in which the PA 
is being made and till date  of this Letter of Offer.   
 
3.2.19.  There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against the Registrar to the Offer under the SEBI Act and the regulations made thereunder by SEBI. There are no actions taken or penalties levied by SEBI under the 
SEBI Act and regulations made ther eunder, or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, against the Registrar to the 
Offer in the 8 (eight) financial years in preceding the year in which the PA is being made and till date of this Letter of Offer .  
 
3.2.20.  The Target Company or the Manager to the Offer have not received any complaints in relation to the Open 
Offer.  
 
3.3. Object of the acquisition/Offer  
 
3.3.1.  The Acquirer is one of India’s fastest growing paints company, and part of the US D 23 Billion  (United States 
Dollars  Twenty Three B illion ) JSW Group, which has diverse interests across a range of industries and sectors. 
The Target Company is one of India’s leading decorative and industrial paints players and part of the Akzo 
Nobel group, a global leader in decorative paints and industrial coatings headquartered in the Netherlands . 
 
3.3.2.  The prime object of the Underlying Transaction is to acquire substantial Equity Shares accompanied by control 
over the Target Company. The Acquirer intends to expand the Target Company’s business and leverage synergies with its existing business. Depending on the requirements and expediency of business considerations and subject to applicable law, the B oard of the Acquirer will take appropriate decisions in the interests of 
operational efficiency and enhancing the performance of the Target Company . 
 
3.3.3.  Subsequent to the completion of the Open Offer, the Acquirer reserves the right, in consultation with the 
Board  of the Target Company, to streamline/ restructure the operations, assets, liabilities and/or businesses 
   
 
20 
 of the Target Company through arrangement/ reconstruction, restructuring, merger, demerger and/or sale of 
assets or undertakings, or otherwise, at a later date. Further, in terms of Regulation 25(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer, in consulta tion with the Board  of the Target Company, and based on the 
requirements of the business of the Target Company, if any, and in accordance with applicable laws, may consider disposal of, or creating encumbrance over any assets or investments of the Target C ompany, through 
sale, lease, reconstruction, restructuring and/or re -negotiation or termination of existing contractual/ 
operating arrangements, for restructuring and/ or rationalising the assets, investments or liabilities of the Target Company and/or any  of its subsidiaries (if any), to improve operational efficiencies and/or for other 
commercial reasons. Decision on these matters will be based on the requirements of the business of the Target Company, if any, and such decision will be taken in accordance  with and as permitted by applicable laws . 
 
4. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER  AND THE PAC s 
 
4.1.           JSW Paints Limited (“Acquirer”)   
 
4.1.1.  The Acquirer, i.e., JSW Paints Limited , is a public company limited by shares. It was originally incorporated as 
a private limited company in the name of ‘JSW Paints Private Limited’ on February 25, 2016 under Companies Act, 2013. Subsequently, pursuant to a resolution passed at the extra ordinary general meeting held on May 22, 2024, the Acquirer was converted from a private limited company to a public limited company and its name was changed from ‘JSW Paints Private Limited’ to ‘JSW Paints Limited’ on Jul y 19, 2024 and a fresh certificate 
of incorporation consequent upon change of name was issued on July 19, 2024 . 
 
4.1.2.  The registered office of the Acquirer is located at Jindal Mansion, 5A, Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India - 400026 . The CIN of the Acquirer is U24200MH2016PLC273511 .  
 
4.1.3.  The Acquirer is primarily engaged in the business of chemicals, including, inter -alia the production of paints, 
varnishes, enamels, lacquers and services related thereto . 
 
4.1.4.  As on the date of this LOF, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of the Acquirer is INR 
248,68,25,650 (Indian Rupees Two Hundred Forty Eight Crore Sixty Eight Lakh Twenty Five Thousand Six Hundred And Fifty only) comprising of 24,86,82,565 (twenty four crore eighty six lakh eighty two thousand five hundred and sixty five)  equity shares having face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each .  
 4.1.5.  There have been no mergers/demergers/spin -offs or similar restructuring activity involving the Acquirer during 
the last  3 (three) financial years . 
 
4.1.6.  The securities of the Acquirer are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad  and the Acquirer has no 
public shareholders .  
 
4.1.7.  The Acquirer has not made any past open offers to public shareholders of other companies.  
 
4.1.8.  The Acquirer is a part of the  JSW group  and is controlled by the Sajjan Jindal Family Trust.  The shareholding 
pattern of the Acquirer as  on the date of  this LOF  is as follows :  
 
S.No. Name of the shareholder  Number of shares  Percentage of 
total voting 
share capital  
1.  Sajjan Jindal Family Trust  19,68,91,430  79.17% 
2.  JSW Steel Limited  2,94,82,565  11.86% 
3.  South West Mining Limited  1,92,00,000  7.72%  
4.  Other shareholders  31,08,570  1.25% 
Notes: 
   
 
21 
  
(1) 1,500 compulsorily convertible debentures (“CCDs ”) of the Acquirer held by South West Mining Limited were 
converted into 1,92,00,000 Equity Shares of the Acquirer  on July 10, 2025. 
(2) There are no FII / MFs / FIs / Banks holding shares in the Acquirer.  
 
Save and except for the PACs, no other  person is acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purposes of this 
Open Offer. While in the present context, certain persons / entities such as directors, holding companies, 
companies under the same management or control as that of the Acquirer,  may be considered to fall under 
the scope of “ deemed persons  acting in concert ” by definition under  Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  (“Deemed PACs ”), however, such Deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer for the 
purposes of this Open Offer  or the Underlying Transaction , within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.1.9.  A pictorial representation of the holding structure of the Acquirer is set out below:  
 
 
 
4.1.10.  Names, details of experience, qualifications, and date of appointment of the directors on the Board of the 
Acquirer, as on the date of this LOF, are as follows :  
 
Name  Experience & Qualification  
Name : Parth Jindal   
Date of appointment : August 
5, 2016 
Designation:  Managing 
Director  
DIN: 06404506  Experience : Parth Jindal is the Managing Director of                            
the Acquirer since 2016 and is also the Managing Director 
of JSW Cement Limited. He is the founder of JSW Sports 
Private Limited.  
 
Qualification: Master’s degree in business administration 
from Harvard Business School, US ; Bachelor’s degree in 
Arts (economics and political science)  from Brown 
University, US. 
Name : Ashish Rai  
Date of appointment : April 
1, 2025 Designation: Whole Time 
Director  
DIN: 09129408  Experience : Ashish Rai is Whole -time Director  of the 
Acquirer  associated with the Acquirer since 2024.  
 
Qualification: MBA from the Faculty of Management 
Studies, University of Delhi; Bachelor of Engineering  in the 
field of Chemical Engineering from IIT Roorkee . 

   
 
22 
 Name  Experience & Qualification  
Name : Sundaresan A.S  
Date of appointment : August 
5, 2016 
Designation: Non-Executive 
Director (Re -designated on 
July 1, 2025)   
DIN: 03584228   Experience : Sundaresan A.S. was the former Whole -time 
Director and CEO of the Acquirer and has been associated 
with the Acquirer since 2016.  
 
Qualification: Post  Graduate Diploma in Management 
from IIM Bangalore; B achelor of Tech nology  in Minin g 
Engineering from Indian School of Mines (Dhanbad).  
Name : Vijay Bhat  
Date of appointment : April 
1, 2019  
Designation: Non-Executive 
Director  
DIN: 00637497  Experience : Vijay Bhat has been associated with the 
Acquirer as a Director since 2019.  
 
Qualification: Diploma in Marketing Management from St. 
Xavier’s Institute of Management; Diploma in Advertising 
& Marketing from St. Xavier's Institute of Communications ; 
Bachelor’s degree in arts from the University of Mumbai .  
Name : Gautam Chainani  
Date of appointment : May 
25, 2022  
Designation: Non -Executive 
Director  
DIN: 00688263  Experience : Gautam Chainani has been associated with the 
Acquirer as a Director since 2022.  
 
Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree in science from the 
University of Mumbai. 
Name : Anunay Kumar  
Date of appointment : 
February 25, 2016 
Designation: Independent 
Director  
DIN: 01647407  
 Experience : Anunay Kumar has been associated with the 
Acquirer as a Director since 2016. He was earlier the 
Director (Technology) of MECON Limited . 
 Qualifications : 
Diploma in Management  from the All India 
Management Association, New Delhi; Bachelor of science 
in Engineering in Mechanical branch from the Bihar 
Institute of Technology Sindri, Ranchi University.   
Name : Ashok Barat   
Date of appointment : 
October 27, 2023  
Designation: Independent 
Director  
DIN: 00492930  
 Experience : Ashok Barat has been associated with the 
Acquirer as a Director since 2023. He  was earlier Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer of Forbes and 
Company Limited.  
 
Qualifications : Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India ; Fellow, Institute of Company Secretaries of India;  
Associate, Institute of Chartered Accountants of England & 
Wales ; CPA, Australia. He is a Certified Mediator of the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, (under the aegis of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India).  
Name : Rajeshwari Srinivasan  
Date of appointment : 
February 1, 2025 
Designation: Independent 
Director  
DIN: 09499175  
 Experience : Rajeshwari Srinivisan has been associated with 
the Acquirer as a Director since 2025.  
 Qualifications: 
Master of International Business from the 
Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT); P ost-graduate 
Diploma in Business A dministration from Madras Christian 
College .  
 
4.1.11.  As on the date of this LOF, other than the Underlying Transaction, the Acquirer, its directors and its key managerial personnel (as defined in the Companies Act, 2013) do not hold any Equity Shares/ voting rights/ 
   
 
23 
 ownership/ interest/ other relationships in the Target Company. Further, none of the directors of the Acquirer 
are on the Board of the Target Company.   
 
4.1.12.  The Acquirer has confirmed that it will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period 
in accordance with Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.1.13.  As on the date of this LOF, the Acquirer, its controlling shareholder and directors do not have any direct or 
indirect relationship with the Target Company and its promoters/directors.  As on  October 10, 2025  (being the 
latest BENPOS available with the Target Company) , the Acquirer, its controlling shareholder and directors do 
not have any direct or indirect relationship with th e public shareholders holding more than 1% shares of the 
Target Company in terms of directorship, control (as defined under SEBI (SA ST) Regulations), shareholding 
interest ( other than any indirect interest which may be held in public shareholders of the Target Company 
(holding more than 1% shares of the Target Company), in their respective capacity as unit -holders of a mutual 
fund or a diversified investment vehicle (includin g insurance policies)), loan arrangement, guarantees or any 
pecuniary transactions.   
 
4.1.14.  Neither  the Acquirer nor any of its shareholders, promoters, directors, key managerial personnel (as defined 
in the Companies Act, 2013) have been categorised or declared as a: (i) ‘wilful defaulter’ by any bank or 
financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful de faulters issued by the 
RBI; or (ii) ‘fugitive economic offender’ under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
 
4.1.15.  There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against the Acquirer , its controlling shareholder (i.e., 
Sajjan Jindal Family Trust), its other shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mr. Sajjan Jindal) and its directors, under the 
SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder by SEBI  during the last 3 (three) financial years (i.e., from April 1, 
2022 to March 31, 2025) and  until the date of this LOF  and there are no actions taken or penalties levied by 
SEBI under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, against the 
Acquirer , its controlling shareholder (i.e., Sajjan Jindal Family Trust), its other shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mr. 
Sajjan Jindal) and its directors in the 8 (eight) financial years in preceding the year in which the PA is being made and till date of this LOF, except as set out below:   
 
(a) SEBI  issued a show cause notice dated October 18, 2019 (“ SCN 1 ”) to JSW ISPAT Special Products Limited 
(“JSW ISPAT ”) (now merged with JSW Steel Limited  (“JSW Steel ”)) for alleged violation of making 
requisite disclosures inter alia on financial information as required under Chapter V of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations . JSW ISPAT filed a reply to the SCN 1 wherein it denied all allegations and submitted that 
there was no obligation on it to comply with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations  on account of the insolvency 
proceedings it was undergoing. JSW Steel and AION Investments Private II Limited had submitted a 
resolution plan which was approved on July 24, 2018 by the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai 
bench (“ Resolution Plan ”). Pursuant to the Resolution Plan, the nonconvertible debentures (“ NCDs ”) 
were paid/settled and permanently extinguished. Further, the debenture trustee of NCDs had issued a no-objection/no -dues certificate to JSW ISPAT and such extinguished NCDs were delisted by BSE Limited 
on June 26, 2019 (“ Reply to SCN 1 ”). Further, the Adjudicating Officer passed an order on June 26, 2020 
(“Order ”) wherein it was alleged that JSW ISPAT failed to disclose to BSE Limited its quarterly financial 
statements and the nature of security created and maintained with respect to its listed NCDs to B SE 
Limited. Pursuant to the Order, SEBI imposed a monetary penalty of INR 0.60 million (i.e. INR 6,00,000) on JSW ISPAT. Subsequently, JSW ISPAT filed an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai (“SAT”) challenging the Order and prayed that the Order be set aside as it did not consider that JSW 
ISPAT had successfully undergone insolvency proceedings and is now in the control of a new management. Further, the Resolution Plan is binding on all stakeholde rs. SAT pursuant to its order dated 
Octob er 29, 2020 (“ SAT Order ”), inter alia, held that once a Resolution Plan has been approved it 
becomes binding on all creditors including the government and local authorities under Section 31(1)  of 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. Consequently, the Order cannot be sustained and is quashed. Subsequently, SEBI filed an appeal against the SAT Order before the Supreme Court of India. A monetary 
   
 
24 
 penalty of INR 6,00,000 was levied by SEBI and quashed by SAT.  The matter is currently pending  before 
the Supreme Court . 
 
(b) A show cause notice dated March 18, 2024 (“ Hexa SCN ”) was issued inter alia  to Hexa Tradex Limited 
(“HTL”) and its directors, as well as certain others including Sajjan Jindal by SEBI, under S ections 11(1), 
11(4), 11(4A), 11B(1), 11B(2), read with Section 15A(b) and S ection 15HA of the SEBI Act, Section 23A(a) 
of the Securities Contracts Regulation Act, 1956 read with Rule 4(1) of the SEBI (Procedure for Holding 
Inquiry and Imposing Penalties) Rules 1995, and Rule 4(1) of the Securities Contracts Regulations (Procedure  for Holding Inquiry and Imposing Penalties) Rules, 2005 in the matter of HTL. The Hexa SCN 
was issued for transactions involving HTL, including transfer of investments held by Hexa Securities and 
Finance Company Limited (a subsidiary of HTL) to certain en tities, for the purpose of realignment and 
reorganisation within the group (“ Reorganisation Transactions ”). Amongst others, Sajjan Jindal has been 
named in the Hexa SCN for, inter alia  allegedly aiding and facilitating the Reorganisation Transactions 
and violating, among others, the provisions of the SEBI Act, 1992, and the SEBI (Prohibition of Fraudulent 
and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003. Sajjan Jindal and other 
noticees have submitted their interim replies dated J une 24, 2024 to SEBI for contesting the Hexa SCN 
inter alia  on merits, contending that all Reorganisation Transactions were in due compliance with the 
applicable laws. Based on the information and documents provided by SEBI during inspection, the 
noticees to the Hexa SCN submitted a supplementary reply dated April  24, 2025. The noticees to the 
Hexa SCN vide their application dated April 24, 2025 and letter dated May 26, 2025 requested SEBI to 
first hear and adjudicate preliminary objections before proceedin g to hear and adjudicate the Hexa SCN 
on merits. However, SEBI rejected this request and declined to conduct a separate hearing on the preliminary objections by way of emails dated April 29, 2025 and May 29, 2025 (“ Rejection Order ”). The 
notice es to the Hexa SCN have challenged the Rejection Order by filing an appeal on June 2, 2025 before 
SAT. Separately, the noticees to the Hexa SCN have filed settlement applications between May 14, 2024 
and May 21, 2024 with SEBI, without prejudice to their rights or m erits of the case, in order, to bring an 
expeditious closure to the matter.  The matter is currently pending with SEBI and SAT.  
 
(c) A show cause notice dated August 20, 2024 was issued (“ NSIL SCN ”) to inter alia  Nalwa Sons Investments 
Limited (“ NSIL ”) and its directors, as well as certain others including Sajjan Jindal by SEBI, under Sections 
11(1), 11(4), 11(4A), 11B(1), 11B(2), 15A(b), 15HA of the SEBI Act, Section 23A(a) of the Securities 
Contracts Regulation Act, 1956 read with Rule 4(1) of the S EBI (Procedure for Holding Inquiry and 
Imposing Penalties) Rules 1995, and Rule 4(1) of the Securities Contracts Regulations (Procedure for Holding Inquiry and Imposing Penalties) Rules, 2005, in the matter of NSIL relating to transfer of 
investments held by Jindal Holdings Limited (now known as Nalwa Trading Limited) and Jindal Steel and 
Alloys Limited (subsidiaries of NSIL) to certain entities, for the purpose of realignment and reorganisation within the group (“ NSIL Transactions ”). The subject matter that constituted the basis for the NSIL SCN 
are similar to the Hexa SCN. Sajjan Jindal and other noticees have submitted their interim replies dated February 10, 2025 to SEBI contesting the NSIL SCN and inter alia  contending that the NSIL Transactions 
were in due compliance with the applicable laws. Based on the information and documents provided by SEBI during inspection in Hexa SCN matter, the noticees to the NSIL SCN submitted a supplementary 
reply dated April 24, 2025. The noticees to the NSIL SCN vide  their application dated February 10, 2025 
and letter dated May 26, 2025 requested SEBI to first hear and adjudicate preliminary objections before 
proceeding to hear and adjudicate the NSIL SCN on merits. However, SEBI rejected this request and 
declined to  conduct a separate hearing on the preliminary objections by way of emails dated April 29, 
2025 and May 29, 2025 (“ Rejection Order 2 ”). The noticees to the NSIL SCN have challenged the 
Rejection Order 2 by filing an appeal on June 2, 2025 before SAT. Separately, the noticees to the NSIL 
SCN have also filed settlement applications between October 18, 2024 and October 21, 2024 with SEBI, 
without prejudice to their rights or merits of the case to bring an expeditious closure to the matter.  The 
matter is currently pending with SEBI and SAT.  
 
   
 
25 
 (d) Penalty of INR 11,800 (inclusive of GST) imposed by BSE against JSW Steel on November 18, 2022 with 
regard to contravention of Regulation 60(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations owing to delay in submission of 
the notice of the record date with respect to the issued and listed NCDs on BSE.  
 
(e) Penalty of INR 17,700 (inclusive of GST) imposed by BSE  against JSW Steel on September 2, 2022  with 
regard to contravention of Regulation s 17(1) and 17(2)  of SEBI (LODR) Regulations  owing to non -
compliance with the requirements pertaining to the composition of the board in connection with failure 
to appoint a woman director and non -compliance with the requirements pertaining to the number of 
board meetings held during the year. NSE has waived the penalty under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and the Company has approached BSE on August 1, 2024 for waiver of fine as levied under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations based on the favo urable order received from NSE.  
 
(f) Penalty of INR 11,800 (inclusive of GST) imposed by NSE against JSW Steel on September 2, 2022  with 
regard to contravention of Regulation 17 (2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations owing to non- compliance  with 
the requirements pertaining to the number of board meetings held during the year.  
 
(g) Penalty of INR 14,160 (inclusive of GST)  imposed by BSE against JSW Steel on October 7, 2022 with regard 
to contravention of: (i) Regulation 57(4) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations  owing to d elay in filing, within 5 ( five) 
working days prior to the beginning of the quarter, with respect to non -convertible securities for which 
interest/ dividend/ principal obligations shall be payable during the quarter; (ii) Regulation 57(5) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations  owing to delay in filing certificate confirming the payment of interest/ dividend/ 
principal obligations for non -convertible securities which were due in that quarter and details of all 
unpaid interest/ dividend/ principal obligations in relation to non -convertible securities at the end of the 
quarter . 
 
(h) Penalty of INR 35,400 (inclusive of GST) imposed by BSE  against JSW Steel on October 7, 2022 with regard 
to contravention of Regulation 60 (2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations owing to delay in submission of the 
notice of record date with respect to the issued and listed NCDs on BSE.  
 
 
(i) Compounding for late filing of Form FC -GPR by JSW ISPAT Special Products Limited (now merged with 
the JSW Steel ). JSW Steel has paid a fine of INR 2,79,718 and the matter stands closed.   
 4.1.16.  There are no instances of delay/non -compliance by the Acquirer under Regulations 29, 30 and 31 of SAST 
Regulations, in the last 8 (eight)  financial years preceding the year in which the PA is being made and till date 
of this LOF in the current financial year.  
 
4.1.17.  As of March 31, 2025, the net worth of the Acquirer is approximately INR 559.93 crore.  
 
4.1.18.  The key financial information of the Acquirer as extracted from its consolidated audited financial statements 
for each of the three financial years ended March 31,  2023 , March 31,  2024, and March 31,  2025 , is as follows :   
In INR crore  
Profit and Loss Statement  
Particulars  For the financial year s ended  
March 31, 2023  March 31, 2024  March 31, 2025  
Revenue from Operations  1,594.14  2,097.31  2,154.98  
Other Income  22.23  2.93  8.20  
Total  Income  1,616.37  2,100.24  2,163.18  
Total Expenditure (Excluding 
Depreciation, Interest and Tax)(1) 1,626.11  2,033.52  2,194.83  
Profit before depreciation, 
interest, exceptional items, share (9.74 ) 66.72 (31.65 ) 
   
 
26 
 of profit of associates and joint 
ventures (net) and tax  
Depreciation, Amortisation and 
Impairment expense  51.84  57.70  63.26  
Finance costs  61.16  57.44  60.69 
Profit before exceptional items, 
share of associates/ joint 
ventures and tax  (122.74 ) (48.42 ) (155.60 ) 
Exceptional items (net)  - - - 
Share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures (net)  (9.35 ) (20.69)  (9.18 ) 
Profit before tax  (132.09 ) (69.11 ) (164.78 ) 
Tax expense  50.46  19.75  45.19  
Profit after tax  (81.63)  (49.37)  (119.59)  
 - attributable to owners of the 
Acquirer  (81.63)  (49.37)  (119.59)  
 - attributable to non -controlling 
interest  - - - 
 
In INR crore  
Balance Sheet  
Particulars  As of March 31, 
2023  As of March 31 , 
2024  As of March  31, 
2025  
Sources of Funds    
 
Paid  up Share Capital  222.06  229.48  229.48  
Instruments entirely in the nature 
of Equity(2) - - 150.00 
Other Equity (excluding revaluation 
reserves)  120.10 324.45 180.45 
Equity attributable to owners of 
the Acquirer  342.16  553.93  559.93  
Non -controlling Interests  - - - 
Net Worth  342.16  553.93  559.93  
Non -Current  Liabilities(2) (3) 434.81  363.33  229.16  
Current Liabilities(4) 650.1  797.39  952.52  
Total  1,427.07  1,714.64  1,741.61  
     
Uses of Funds     
Net Fixed Assets(5) 475.24 572.03 618.37 
Investments(6) 29.99  9.44  0.27  
Loans  - - - 
Other  Non-Current Assets(7) 199.42  239.83  266.88  
Other Current Assets(8) 722.41  893.36  856.09  
Total  1,427.07  1714.64  1741.61  
 
Other Relevant Information  
Particulars  As of and for the financial years ended  
March 31, 2023  March 31, 2024  March 31, 2025  
Earnings per share (Basic) (INR)  (3.42 ) (2.01 ) (4.81 ) 
Earnings per share (Diluted) (INR)  (3.42 ) (2.01 ) (4.81 ) 
   
 
27 
 Dividend payout %(9) - - - 
Return on net worth(10) (23.86 %) (8.91 %) (21.36 %) 
Book value per share (INR)(11) 14.18  22.27  22.52  
Notes : 
 
(1) Total expenditure includes cost of materials consumed, purchases of stock in trade, changes in inventories of finished goods,  
stock -in-trade and work -in- progress, employee benefits expense and other expenses . 
(2) Compulsorily convertible debentures were reclassified from borrowings to i nstruments entirely in the nature of Equity  in FY25.  
These CCDs were subsequently converted into equity shares of the Acquirer on July 10, 2025.  
(3) Non-Current Liabilities include Borrowings, Lease liabilities, other financial liabilities, provisions and other non- current 
liabilities . 
(4) Current Liabilities include Borrowings, Lease liabilities, trade payables, derivative liabilities, other financial liabilities, provisions 
and other current liabilities . 
(5) Net Fixed Assets include Property, plant and equipment, Capital work in progress, Right -of-use assets, intangible assets and 
intangible assets under development . 
(6) Investments include investment in joint venture.  
(7) Other Non-Current Assets include trade receivables, other financial assets and deferred tax assets (net) . 
(8) Other Current Assets include inventories, trade receivables, cash & cash equivalents, bank balances, other financial assets & 
current tax assets . 
(9) Dividend payout % is calculated as d ividend paid per share divided by Earnings per share (basic) . 
(10) Return on net worth is calculated as Profit after tax divided by Equity attributable to the owners of the Acquirer at the end of 
each financial year . 
(11) Book value per share is calculated as Equity attributable to the owners of the Acquirer  divided by total number of shares. Total 
number of shares include fully paid up equity shares and equivalent number of shares based on compulsorily convertible 
debentures.  
 
4.1.19.  As on March 31, 2025, the Acquirer has no contingent liabilities . 
 
4.2. JTPM Metal Traders Limited (“PAC 1”)   
 
4.2.1.  PAC 1, i.e., JTPM Metal Traders Limited, is a public company limited by shares. It was originally incorporated 
as a private limited company in the name of ‘Impatient Traders Private Limited’ on July 26, 2017 under the 
Companies Act, 2013. Subsequently, its name was changed from ‘Impatient Traders Private Lim ited’ to ‘JTPM 
Metal Traders Private Limited’ on November 26, 2018 and a fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon 
change of name was issued on November 26, 2018 . Further, pursuant to the certificate of incorporation 
received on August 14, 2025, t he constitution of PAC 1 has changed from a ‘private company’ to a public limited 
company. Consequently, the name of PAC 1 has changed from ‘JTPM Metal Traders Private Limited’ to ‘JTPM 
Metal Traders Limited’ .  
 
4.2.2.  The registered office of PAC 1 was originally 26/79, 2nd Floor, West Patel Nagar, New Delhi, West Delhi, Delhi, India, 110008. Subsequently, its registered office was changed to JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 4 00051 on July 5, 2023. The CIN of PAC 1 is U74999MH2017P LC405988 . 
 
4.2.3.  PAC 1 is primarily engaged in the business of trading pellets . 
 
4.2.4.  As on the date of this LOF, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of PAC 1 is INR 
1317,03,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred Seventeen Crore Three Lakh only) comprising of 131,70,30,000 (one hundred thirty one crore seventy lakh and thirty thousand) equity shares having face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each . 
 
4.2.5.  There have been no mergers/demergers/spin -offs or similar restructuring activity involving PAC 1 during the 
last 3 (three) financial years , except for the following:  
(a) JTPM Atsali Limited was merged with JTPM Metal Traders Private Limited vide  a court -approved 
scheme of amalgamation, which came into effect on April 16, 2025.
 
   
 
28 
 (b) The entire shareholding of PAC 2 was acquired by PAC 1 on June 19, 2025.  
 
4.2.6.  The equity shares of PAC 1 are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad  and PAC 1 has no public 
shareholders . PAC 1 has listed non- convertible debentures on BSE.  
 
4.2.7.  PAC 1 has not made any past open offers to public shareholders of other companies.  
 
4.2.8.  PAC 1 is a part of the  JSW group  and is controlled by JSW Techno Projects Management Limited . Both the 
Acquirer and PAC 1 belong to the JSW group.  The shareholding pattern of PAC 1 as on the date of this LOF  is 
as follows :  
 
S.No.  Name of the shareholder  Number of shares  Percentage of 
total voting 
share capital  
1.  JSW Techno Projects 
Management Limited  131,60,21,81 3 99.92%  
K S N Sriram (nominee 
shareholder of JSW Techno 
Projects Management Limited)  1 
JSW Investments Private Limited 
(nominee shareholder of JSW 
Techno Projects Management 
Limited)  1 
 
Everbest Consultancy Services 
Private Limited (nominee 
shareholder of JSW Techno 
Projects Management Limited)  1 
Vinamra Consultancy Private 
Limited (nominee shareholder of 
JSW Techno Projects 
Management Limited)  1 
Magnilliant Consultancy Services 
Private Limited (nominee 
shareholder of JSW Techno 
Projects Management Limited)  1 
2.  Prospera Investment 
Management Limited(2) 10,08,182  0.08%  
Notes : 
 
(1) PAC 1 has issued 22,620 optionally convertible debentures to certain JSW group entities.  
(2) Prospera Investment Management Limited is a foreign entity . 
4.2.9.  Names, details of experience, qualifications, and date of appointment of the directors on the board of directors of PAC 1 , as on the date of this LOF, are as follows :  
 
Name  Experience & Qualification  
Name : Monica Yadav  
Date of appointment : May 7, 
2022  Experience : Monica Yadav has been associated with PAC 1 
as a Director since 2022 . 
 
   
 
29 
 Name  Experience & Qualification  
Designation : Director   
DIN: 08184144  Qualification : Fellow Member of Insurance Institute of 
India ; Bachelor of Engineering (Civil) from South Gujarat 
University.  
Name : Rajesh Vasudeo Patil  
Date of appointment : March 
10, 2022  
Designation: Whole  Time 
Director  
DIN: 09531534  Experience : Rajesh Vasudeo  Patil  has been associated with 
PAC 1 as the Whole -time Director since 2022.  
 
Qualification: Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical) from 
the University of Mumbai.  
Name : Badri Narain Singh  
Date of appointment : May 7, 
2022  
Designation: Director   
DIN: 06794208  Experience : Badri Narain Singh  has been associated with 
PAC 1 as a Director since 2022 . 
 
Qualification: Bachelor of Science (Engineering) from  
Sambalpur University.  
Name : Raj Kumar Sureka  
Date of appointment : May 7, 
2022  
Designation: Director  
DIN: 03512900  Experience : Raj Kumar Sureka has been associated with 
PAC 1 as a Director since 2022 . 
 
Qualification: Fellow of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India ; Associate of the Institute of Cost and 
Works Accountants of India . 
Name : Alok Mehrotra  
Date of appointment : June 
19, 2025  
Designation: Additional 
Independent Director 
DIN: 01066025  Experience : Alok Mehrotra has been associated with PAC 
1 as an additional independent director since 2025 . 
 
Qualification: Qualified Chartered Accountant with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India . 
Name : Anuradha Ambar 
Bajpai 
Date of appointment : June 
19, 2025  
Designation: Additional 
Independent Director 
DIN: 07128141  Experience : Anuradha Ambar Bajpai has been associated 
with PAC 1 as an additional independent director since 
2025 . 
 
Qualification: Qualified Chartered Accountant with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India . 
 
4.2.10.  As on the date of this LOF, other than the Underlying Transaction, PAC 1 , its directors and its key managerial 
personnel (as defined in the Companies Act, 2013) do not hold any Equity Shares/ voting rights/ ownership/ 
interest/ other relationships in the Target Company. Further, none of the directors of the PAC 1  are on the 
board of directors of the Target Company . 
 
4.2.11.  PAC 1 has confirmed that it will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period in accordance with Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
 
4.2.12.  Neither  the PAC 1  nor any of its shareholders, promoters, directors, key managerial personnel (as defined in 
the Companies Act, 2013) have been categorised or declared as a: (i) ‘wilful defaulter’ by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI; or (ii) ‘fugitive economic offender’ under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 . 
 
4.2.13.  There are no directions subsisting or  proceedings pending against PAC 1 , its controlling shareholder (i.e., JSW 
Techno Projects Management Limited), its other shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mrs. Sangita Jindal) and its directors under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder by SEBI.  There are no actions taken or penalties 
   
 
30 
 levied by SEBI under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, 
against PAC 1 , its controlling shareholder (i.e., JSW Techno Projects Management Limited), its other 
shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mrs. Sangita Jindal) and its directors  in the 8 (eight) financial years in preceding the 
year in which the PA is being made and till date of this LOF . There are no instances of delay/non -compliance 
by PAC 1  under Regulations 29, 30 and 31 of SAST Regulations, in the last 8 (ei ght) financial years preceding 
the year in which the PA is being made and till date of this LOF  in the current financial year. 
 
4.2.14.  As of March 31, 2025, the net worth of PAC 1 is approximately INR 6,647.44 crore.  
  
4.2.15.  The key financial information of PAC 1  as extracted from its audited financial statements for each of the three 
financial years ended March 31,  2023 , March 31,  2024, and March 31,  2025, is as follows:   
In INR crore  
Profit and Loss Statement  
Particulars  For the financial year s ended  
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31, 2025  
Revenue from Operations  275.33  98.81  160.20  
Other Income  1.00  2.02  2.72  
Total  Income  276.34  100.83  162.92  
Total Expenditure (Excluding 
Depreciation, Interest and Tax)(1) 161.14 66.66  93.78  
Profit before depreciation, 
interest, exceptional items, 
share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures (net) and tax   115.19   34.17   69.14  
Depreciation, Amortisation and 
Impairment expense   -     -     -    
Fair value loss arising from 
financial instruments as FVTPL   -     23.77   60.49  
Finance costs   33.37   55.59   63.59  
Profit before exceptional items, 
share of associates/ joint 
ventures and tax   81.82   (45.18 ) (54.94 ) 
Exceptional items (net)   -     -     -    
Share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures (net)   -     -     -    
Profit before tax   81.82  (45.18 )  (54.94 ) 
Tax expense   22.28   6.00   9.32  
Profit after tax   59.54   (51.18 ) (64.26 )  
 - attributable to owners of PAC 
1  59.54  (51.18 )  (64.26 ) 
 - attributable to non -controlling 
interest   -     -     -    
 
In INR crore  
Balance Sheet  
Particulars  As of March 31, 
2023  As of March 31 , 
2024  As of March  31, 
2025   
Sources of Funds    
 
Paid  up Share Capital(2) 1,150.02  1,150.02  1,317.03  
Other  Equity (excluding 
revaluation reserves)(3) 1,825.89  2,876.55  5,330.41  
   
 
31 
 Equity attributable to owners of 
PAC 1(4) 2,975.91  4,026.57  6,647.44  
Non -controlling Interests  - - - 
Net Worth(4) 2,975.91  4,026.57  6,647.44  
Non -Current  Liabilities(5) 2,020.79  848.51  1,913.29  
Current Liabilities(6) 380.38  2,315.22  1,848.43  
Total  5,377.07  7,190.30  10,409.15  
     
Uses of Funds     
Net Fixed Assets(7) - - 2.05  
Investments  5,256.62  7,103.73  10,315.92  
Loans  95.00  81.70  67.80  
Other  Non-Current Assets(8) 0.66  0.53  0.99  
Other Current Assets(9) 24.79  4.35  22.39  
Total  5,377.07  7,190.30  10,409.15  
 
Other Relevant Information  
Particulars  As of and for the financial years ended  
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31,  2025  
Earnings per share (Basic) (INR)  0.57  (0.45 ) (0.49 ) 
Earnings per share (Diluted) (INR)  0.57  (0.45 ) (0.49 ) 
Dividend payout %(10) - - - 
Return on net worth(11) 2.00%  (1.27% ) (0.97% ) 
Book value per share (INR)(12) 25.88  35.01  50.47  
Notes :  
(1) Total expenditure includes purchases of stock in trade, employee benefits expense and other expenses . 
(2) Paid up share capital includes shares pending for allotment as of March 31, 2025. 
(3) Other Equity includes premium on shares pending for allotment  as of March 31, 2025.  
(4) Equity attributable to owners of PAC 1  and Net Worth includes Other Comprehensive Income, Equity component of Compound 
Financial Instruments and shares pending allotment (FY24 -25). 
(5) Non-Current liabilities include b orrowings, other financial liabilities and deferred tax liabilities . 
(6) Current Liabilities include b orrowings, trade payables  and other financial liabilities . 
(7) Net Fixed Assets include goodwill . 
(8) Other non- current assets include other financial assets  and current tax assets (net).  
(9) Other current assets include trade receivables, cash & cash equivalents  and other financial assets . 
(10) Dividend payout % is calculated as d ividend paid per share divided by Earnings per share (basic) . 
(11) Return on net worth is calculated as p rofit after tax divided by Equity attributable to the owners of PAC 1 at the end of each 
financial year . 
(12) Book value per share is calculated as Equity attributable to the owners of PAC 1 divided  by total number of shares. Total number 
of shares include fully paid up equity shares and shares pending for allotment  as of March 31, 2025.  
 
4.2.16.  The contingent liabilities of PAC 1  as on March 31 , 2025 are that  PAC 1  has provided financial guarantees in 
the ordinary course of business to certain third parties.  These guarantees represent contingent liabilities, as 
the company may be required to fulfil the obligations only if the primary party defaults on their commitm ents.  
As of the balance sheet date, the maximum exposure under these guarantees amounts to INR  15.30 crore  No 
provision has been recognized against these guarantees, as the likelihood of any outflow is considered remote .  
 
4.3. JSW EduInfra Private Limited  (“PAC 2”)  
 
4.3.1.  PAC 2, i.e., JSW EduInfra Private Limited, is a private company limited by shares incorporated on February 7, 2024 under Companies Act, 2013. There has been no change in the name of PAC 2 since its incorporation . 
 
   
 
32 
 4.3.2.  The registered office of PAC 2 is located at Jindal Mansion, 5A, Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 
India - 400026. The CIN of PAC 2 is U85500MH2024PTC418767. 
 
4.3.3.  PAC 2 is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing and trading activities . 
 
4.3.4.  As on the date of this LOF, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of PAC 2 is INR 1,00,000 
(Indian Rupees One Lakh only) comprising of 10,000 (ten thousand) equity shares having face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each . 
 
4.3.5.  There have been no mergers/demergers/spin -offs or similar restructuring activity involving PAC 2 during the 
last 3 (three) financial years , except for the following:  
(a) The entire shareholding of PAC 2 was acquired by PAC 1 on June 19, 2025.
 
 
4.3.6.  The securities of PAC 2 are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad  and PAC 2 has no public 
shareholders . 
 
4.3.7.  PAC 2 has not made any past open offers to public shareholders of other companies.  
 
4.3.8.  PAC 2 is a part of the JSW group and is controlled by PAC 1 as it holds 100% (one hundred percent) of the paid-up equity share capital of PAC 2 . Both the Acquirer and PAC 2 belong to the JSW group. The shareholding 
pattern of PAC 2 as on the date of this LOF  is as follows :  
 
S.No.  Name of the shareholder  Number of shares  Percentage of 
total voting 
share capital  
1.  JTPM Metal Traders Limited 
(PAC 1)(1) 10,000  100.00%  
Notes : 
 
(1) Includes 100 (one hundred) shares held by nominee shareholder of JTPM Metal Traders Limited.  
(2) There are no FII / MFs / FIs / Banks holding shares in PAC 2.  
4.3.9.  A pictorial representation of the holding structure of the PACs is set out below:  
        
 
  
4.3.10.  Names, details of experience, qualifications, and date of appointment of the directors on the Board of PAC 2 , 
as on the date of this LOF, are as follows :  
 
Name  Experience & Qualification  
Name : Mahendra Mohanlal 
Mandhana   
Date of appointment : 
February 7, 2024 Experience : Mahendra Mohanlal Mandhana  has been 
associated with PAC 2 as a Director since 2024 . 
 

   
 
33 
 Name  Experience & Qualification  
Designation : Director   
DIN: 07818749  Qualification : Qualified Chartered Accountant with the 
Institute of C hartered Accountants of India ; Bachelor of 
Commerce from University of Mumbai  
Name : Neha Roychowdhury  
Date of appointment : 
February 7, 2024 
Designation: Director  
DIN: 10118009   Experience : Neha Roychowdhury  has been associated with 
PAC 2 as a Director since 2024 . 
 
Qualification: Bachelor of Commerce  from Chhatrapati 
Shahu Ji Maharaj University, Kanpur and Master of 
Business Administration (Finance and Control) from 
Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University, Kanpur and 
Master of Business Administration.   
Name : Balwant Kumar Ranka  
Date of appointment : 
September 15, 2025  
Designation: Additional 
Director  
DIN: 00672052  Experience : Balwant Kumar Ranka has been associated 
with PAC 2 as an additional Director since 2025 . 
 
Qualification: Bachelor of Commerce from University of 
Rajasthan; Qualified Chartered Accountant with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.  
 
 
4.3.11.  As on the date of this LOF, other than the Underlying Transaction, PAC 2 , its directors and its key managerial 
personnel (as defined in the Companies Act, 2013) do not hold any Equity Shares/ voting rights/ ownership/ interest/ other relationships in the Target Company. Further, none of the directors of the PAC 2  are on the 
Board of the Target Company . 
 
4.3.12.  PAC 2 has confirmed that it will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period in accordance with Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.3.13.  Neither  the PAC 2  nor any of its shareholders, promoters, directors, key managerial personnel (as defined in 
the Companies Act, 2013) have been categorised or declared as a: (i) ‘wilful defaulter’ by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI; or 
(ii) ‘fugitive economic offender’ under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 . 
 
4.3.14.  There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against PAC 2, its controlling shareholder (i.e., JTPM 
Metal Traders Limited), its other shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mrs. Sangita Jindal) and its directors under the SEBI Act and regulations made t hereunder by SEBI. There are no actions taken or penalties levied by SEBI under 
the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, against PAC 2 , its 
controlling shareholder (i.e., JTPM Metal Traders Limited), its other shareholders, its UBO (i.e., Mrs. Sangita Jindal) and its directors in the 8 (eight) financial years in preceding the year in which the PA is being made and till date of this LOF. There are no instances of delay/non -compliance by PAC 2  under Regulations 29, 30 and 31 
of SAST Regulations, in the last 8 (eight)  financial years preceding the year in which the PA is being made and 
till date of this LOF in the current financial year.  
 4.3.15.  As of March 31, 2025, the net worth of PAC 2 is approximately INR 0.01 crore.  
  
4.3.16.  The key financial information of PAC 2  as extracted from its audited financial statements for each of the three 
financial years ended March 31,  2023 , March 31,  2024, and March 31,  2025, is as follows:   
   in INR crore  
Profit and Loss Statement  
Particulars  For the financial year s ended(1) 
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31, 2025(2) 
   
 
34 
 Revenue from Operations  NA NA - 
Other Income  NA NA - 
Total Income  NA NA - 
Total Expenditure (Excluding 
Depreciation, Interest and Tax)(3) NA NA 0.00  
Profit before depreciation, 
interest, exceptional items, 
share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures (net) and tax  NA NA (0.00 ) 
Depreciation, Amortisation and 
Impairment expense  NA NA - 
Finance costs  NA NA - 
Profit before exceptional items, 
share of associates/ joint 
ventures and tax  NA NA (0.00 ) 
Exceptional items (net)  NA NA - 
Share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures (net)  NA NA - 
Profit before tax  NA NA (0.00 ) 
Tax expense  NA NA - 
Profit after tax  NA NA (0.00)  
 - attributable to owners of PAC 
2 NA NA (0.00)  
 - attributable to non -controlling 
interest  NA NA - 
 
In INR crore  
Balance Sheet  
Particulars  As of March 31, 
2023  As of March 31 , 
2024  As of March  31, 
2025(2)  
Sources of Funds     
Paid  up Share Capital  NA NA 0.01  
Other Equity (excluding 
revaluation reserves)  NA NA (0.00 ) 
Equity attributable to owners of 
PAC 2  NA NA 0.01  
Non -controlling Interests  NA NA - 
Net Worth  NA NA 0.01  
Non -Current  Liabilities  NA NA - 
Current Liabilities(4) NA NA 0.00  
Total  NA NA 0.01  
     
Uses of Funds     
Net Fixed Assets  NA NA - 
Investments  NA NA - 
Loans  NA NA - 
Other  Non-Current Assets  NA NA - 
Other Current Assets(5) NA NA 0.01  
Total  NA NA 0.01  
 
   
 
35 
 Other Relevant Information  
Particulars  As of and for the financial years ended  
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31,  2025(2) 
Earnings per share (Basic) (INR)  NA NA (4.96 ) 
Earnings per share (Diluted) (INR)  NA NA (4.96 ) 
Dividend  payout  %(6) NA NA 0.00% 
Return on net worth(7) NA NA (98.45)% 
Book value per share (INR)(8) NA NA 5.04  
Notes :  
(1) Since PAC 2 was incorporated on February 7, 2024 and is yet to commence business, no financial statements are available for the 
period preceding such date and there are nil or negligible financial figures reported for FY 25 . 
(2) March 31, 2025 period numbers include period from February 7, 2024 to March 31, 2025 as the entity was incorporated on 
February 7, 2024 . 
(3) Total expenditure includes other expenses . 
(4) Current Liabilities include trade payables . 
(5) Other current assets include cash & cash equivalents .  
(6) Dividend payout % is calculated as d ividend paid per share divided by Earnings per share (basic) . 
(7) Return on net worth is calculated as Profit after tax divided by Equity attributable to the owners of PAC 2 at the end of each 
financial year . 
(8) Book value per share is calculated as Equity attributable to the owners of PAC 2 divided by total number of shares.  
 
4.3.17.  As on March 31, 2025, PAC 2 ha s no contingent liabilities . 
 
5. DETAILS OF THE SELLER S  
 
5.1. The details of Seller s have been set out hereunder:   
 
S. 
No. Name of 
entity  Nature of 
entity  Registered 
Office  Part of 
promoter/ 
promoter 
group of 
the Target 
Company  Name of the 
Group Name of 
the stock 
exchanges 
where its 
shares are 
listed  Shares or voting 
rights held in 
the Target 
Company before 
entering into 
the SPA(3) 
1. Imperial 
Chemical Industries Limited  
(“Seller 1 ”)
(1) Body 
Corporate  
(private 
limited 
company)   The AkzoNobel 
Building  
Wexham Road  
SL2 5DS Slough  United Kingdom  Yes AkzoNobel  
Group  Not 
Applicable  2,29,77,544  
(50.46%)  
2. Akzo Nobel 
Coatings Internationa
l B.V.
 
(“Seller 2 ”)(2) Body 
Corporate  
(private 
limited 
company)    Christian 
Neefestraat 2  
1077 WW 
Amsterdam  
The Netherlands  Yes AkzoNobel 
Group  Not 
Applicable  1,10,66,791  
(24.30%)  
Total  3,40,44,335  
(74.76 %) 
Notes : 
 
(1) Seller 1 was originally incorporated as ‘Imperial Chemical Industries Limited’ in December 1926 under the laws of United Kingdom. 
Subsequently, its name was changed to ‘Imperial Chemical Industries PLC’ in June 1981. Thereafter, the name of Seller 1 was 
changed to its present name i.e., Imperial Chemical Industries Limited, in January 2008 . 
(2) Seller 2 was originally incorporated as ‘N.V. Visconserven Industrie en Handelsonderneming van Zwieten’ in December 1955 under 
the laws of Netherlands . Subsequently, its name was changed to ‘N.V. Industrie en Handelsonderneming van Zwieten’ in October 
1963, to ‘Industrie en Handelsonderneming van Zwieten B.V.’ in October 1972, to ‘Akzo Coatings B.V.’ in November 1972, and to  
   
 
36 
 ‘Akzo Coatings International B.V.’ in June 1989. Thereafter, the name of Seller 2 was changed to its present name i.e., Akzo Nobel 
Coatings International B.V., in June 1994 . 
(3) Equity Shares held as on the date of this LOF, and percentage calculated basis the Voting Share Capital.  
 
5.2. The Sellers have not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities in terms of the directions issued under 
Section 11 or 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other regulations made under the SEBI Act.  The Sellers have not 
been prohibited from dealing in securities or accessing capital markets or trading on the Stock Exchanges.  
 
5.3. The Sellers have not been classified as ‘wilful defaulters’ or ‘fugitive economic offenders’ by any foreign 
regulator/enforcement authority, and no foreign regulatory action in relation to such classification is pending 
or has been initiated against them, as o f the date of this LOF.  
 
5.4. Pursuant to the consummation of SPA, the Sellers, being the existing promoters of the Target Company, shall 
cease to be in control of the Target Company and will be reclassified from “promoter” of the Company to “public” pursuant to this Open Offer  and subject to satisfaction of conditions set out in Regulation 31A of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations . In the event the Sellers continue to hold more than 10% of the equity shares of the 
Target Company post completion of the Open Offer, then the Sellers will undertake a sell -down of equity shares 
in terms of SEBI Master Circular –  LODR Regulations  and the Sellers will be reclassified as “public shareholders”, 
in compliance with the conditions under Regulation 31A(3)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations including the conditions set out under Regulation 31A(3)(b)(i) (i.e., the Sellers holding not more th an ten pe rcent of the total 
voting rights in the Target Company).   
 
6. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY   
 
6.1. The Target Company is a public company limited by shares. It was originally incorporated as ‘Indian  Explosives 
Limited’ on March 12, 1954 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1913. Subsequently, its name was changed from ‘India n Explosives Limited’ to ‘IEL Limited’ with effect from July 12, 1985, and to ‘ICI India Limited’ 
with effect from May 25, 1989. Thereafter, its name was further changed to its present name i.e., Akzo Nobel 
India Limited, with effect from February 15, 2010 . There has been no change in the name of the Target 
Company in the last 3 (three) years  preceding the date of the PA. 
 
6.2. The registered office of the Target Company is currently located at 801A South City Business Park , 770 
Anandapur, Eastern Metropolitan Bypass Near Fortis Hospital, E.K.T, Kolkata,  West Bengal -700107. The CIN of 
the Target Company is L24292WB1954PLC021516 . 
 
6.3. The Target Company is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing, marketing, and sale of protective coatings, decorative paints, industrial coatings (including fire retardant coatings), packaging coatings (including food packaging coatings), coil c oatings, extrusion coatings, consumer electronics coatings, marine coatings, 
automotive coatings, vehicle refinishes, research and development . 
 
6.4. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on BSE (Scrip Code: 500710) and the NSE (Symbol: AKZOINDIA). The ISIN of the Equity Shares is INE133A01011.  The entire paid -up equity share capital of the 
Target Company is listed on the Stock Exchanges and has not been suspended from trading by any of the Stock Exchanges. The Equity Shares of the Target Company have not been delisted from any stock exchange in India , 
except the voluntary delisting from Calcutta Stock Exchange effective from April 16, 2008 . Further, there are 
no outstanding shares  of the Target Company that have been issued but not listed on the Stock Exchanges.  As 
of the date of this LOF, the promoters of the Target Company have not pledged any shares held by them in the Target Company.   
 
6.5. As of the date of PA, the Equity Shares are frequently traded on NSE for the purposes of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations ( further details are provided in paragraph 7  (Offer Price and Financial 
Arrangements)  of this LOF) . 
 
   
 
37 
 6.6. As on the date of LOF, the total authorised share capital of the Target Company is INR 126,69,00,000 (Indian 
Rupees One Hundred Twenty and Six Crore Sixty Nine Lakh only) comprising of 12,66,90,000 (twelve crore sixty six lakh ninety thousand) Equity Shares having a face value of  INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each. The 
subscribed and paid- up share capital of the Target Company is INR 45,54,03,140 (Indian Rupees Forty Five 
Crore Fifty Four Lakh Three Thousand One Hundred and Forty only) divided into 4,55,4 0,314 (four crore fifty 
five lakh forty thousand three hundred and fourteen) Equity Shares of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each . 
 
6.7. As on the date of this LOF, the Voting Share Capital is as follows:   
 
Particulars  Issued and paid -up 
Equity Shares  % of Voting Share Capital  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares  4,55,40,314  100.00 % 
Partly paid -up Equity Shares/ outstanding convertible 
securities (such as depository receipts, convertible 
debentures, warrants, convertible preference shares 
etc.)(1) Nil Nil 
Employee stock options vested or which shall vest  Nil Nil 
Voting Share Capital (Total)  4,55,40,314  100.00 % 
 
6.8. As on the date of this LOF, there is only 1 (one) class of Equity Shares and there are no: (i) partly paid- up equity 
shares; (ii) equity shares carrying differential voting rights; (iii) outstanding convertible instruments (such as depository receipts, convertible debentures, warrants, convertible preference shares, employee stock options 
etc.) issued by the Target Company which are convertible into Equity Shares of the Target Company; and/ or 
(iv) Equity Shares under lock -in. 
 
6.9. There have been no mergers/demergers/spin -offs involving the Target Company during the last  3 years , except 
for the following:   
(a) The Target Company and Akzo Nobel Powder Coatings India Private Limited ( “ANPL” ), a subsidiary  of 
existing promoter of  the Target Company, have entered into two separate business transfer 
agreements (collectively referred to as “BTAs ”) each dated June 13, 2025, for transfer (by way of slump 
sale) of the RD&I Lab and powder coating business as a going concern from the Target Company to ANPL in terms of the approval of the shareholders of the Target Company (by postal ballot notice dated  
March 3, 2025 and scrutinizer’s report dated April 3, 2025). Further, on July 1, 2025, the Target Company received the consideration (i.e., INR 20,7 30 million and INR 700 million) for the aforesaid 
slump sale from ANPL  and additional amounts in the form o f Post -Closing Adjustment Amount have 
been received by the Target Company on August 18 , 2025 (i.e., INR 2040,89,003 for the powder 
coatings business and INR 1031,31,257 for RD&I lab business ) and is in the process of completing the 
transfer formalities as contemplated under the BTAs . 
 
The slump sale of powder coatings business enables the Target Company to streamline its business, 
create a more focused, efficient, and strategically aligned roadmap for value creation and thereby strengthening its position in its liquid paints & coatings business, while divesting its existing non -core 
powder coatings business. There is no dependency in technologies used for the powder coatings business and the liquid paints & coatings business. The raw materials, technology and manufacturing process requir ed for powder coatings business is different from that of the liquid paints & coatings 
business and therefore, this slump sale will assist in streamlining the liquid paints vertical of the Target Company. Through this slump sale, the Target Company expects  to secure a stronger and more 
sustainable future, sharpening its focus on liquid paints and coatings and unlocking financial and strategic flexibility to drive long -term shareholders value.  Further, the RD&I lab was also primarily 
catering to the global paint, automotive and specialty coatings business, and its slump sale aligns with the intent of streamlining the Target Company’s business . 
   
 
38 
 A non -compete of 36 (thirty -six) months has been agreed under the powder coatings business transfer 
agreement pursuant to which the Target Company is restricted from undertaking a business similar to 
or competing with the powder coatings business being transferred under this agreement in the territories where the powder coatings business was being conducted by the Target Company . 
Please note that the aforesaid transfer by slump sale was approved by the majority of the minority 
shareholders of the Target Company. Further, as disclosed by the Target Company in the postal ballot 
notice, and relevant stock exchange intimations pertaini ng to such slump sale, based on the last audited 
annual financial statements of the Target Company (for FY23 -24) available at the time of seeking such 
shareholders' approval, powder coatings business contributed ~11% of the total income of the Target Compa ny and constituted ~11 % of the net worth of the Target Company. Similarly, the contribution of 
the RD&I business to the total income and the net worth of the Target Company was ~1.36 % and ~0.48% respectively, as per the said last audited annual financial statement of the Target Company (for 
FY23 -24), available while seeking the aforesaid approval.  
However, for the sake of clarity, please note that the Target Company does not see any financial impact of such slump sale on its remanent liquid paint and coatings business.  
Separately, please note that the requisite disclosures pertaining to the aforesaid slump sale and business transfer agreements have been submitted to the stock exchanges by the Target Company from time to time under the applicable provisions of the SEBI (L ODR) Regulations.   
 
6.10. Names, DIN, designation and date of appointment of the directors on the Board of the Target Company , as of 
the date of this LOF , are as follows:   
 
Name  DIN Date of 
Appoi ntment Designation  
Rajiv Rajgopal  06685599  November 1, 
2018(1) Executive Director -
Chairperson -MD 
Krishna Rallapalli  03384607  December 1, 2021  Executive Director  & CFO  
Hemant Sahai  00088238  August 3, 20 18(2) Non -Executive - 
Independent Director  
Rohit Ghanshyamdas Totla  10391749  November 16, 
2023  Executive Director  
Namrata Kaul  00994532   August 5 , 2024  Non -Executive - 
Independent Director  
Anil Chaudhry  03213517  November 22, 
2024  Non -Executive - 
Independent Director  
Notes : 
(1) Rajiv Rajgopal  was appointed on November 1, 2018 and subsequently, re -appointed on November 1, 2023.  
(2) Hemant Sahai was appointed on August 3, 2018 and subsequently, re -appointed on August 3, 2023.  
 
6.11. As on the date of this LOF, there are no directors representing the Acquirer  and/or the PACs  and none of the 
directors of the Acquirer and/or the PACs have been appointed as directors on the Board  of the Target 
Company.  
 
6.12. The key financial information of the Target Company as extracted from its consolidated audited financial 
statements for each of the 3 (three ) financial years ended March 31, 2023 , March 31,  2024 , and March 31,  
2025, are  as follows :  
 
In INR crore  
Profit and Loss Statement  
   
 
39 
 Particulars  For the financial year s ended  
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31, 2025  
Revenue from Operations  3,802.1  3,961.6  4,091.2  
Other Income  27.4  35.8  27.6  
Total Income  3,829.5  3,997.4  4,118.8  
Total Expenditure (Excluding Depreciation, 
Interest and Tax)(1) 3,277.0  3,329.6  3,449.7  
Profit before depreciation, interest, 
exceptional items, share of profit of 
associates and joint ventures (net) and tax  552.5  667.8  669.1  
Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment 
expense  82.5  82.3  89.4  
Finance costs  14.1  12.5  9.8 
Profit before exceptional items, share of 
associates/ joint ventures and tax  455.9  573.0  569.9  
Exceptional items (net)  - - - 
Share of profit of associates and joint 
ventures (net)  - - - 
Profit before tax  455.9  573.0  569.9  
Tax expense  120.8  146.4  140.4  
Profit after tax  335.1  426.6  429.5  
 - attributable to owners of the Target  335.1  426.6  429.5  
 - attributable to non -controlling interest(2) - - * 
 
 
In INR crore  
Balance Sheet  
Particulars  As of March 31, 
2023  As of March 31 , 
2024  As of March  31, 
2025  
Sources of Funds    
 
Paid  up Share Capital  45.5  45.5  45.5  
Other  Equity (excluding revaluation 
reserves)  1,269.6  1,283.2  1,283.5  
Revaluation reserve  1.2 1.2 1.2 
Equity attributable to owners of the 
Acquirer  1,316.3 1,329.9 1,330.2 
Non -controlling Interests(2) - - * 
Net Worth  1,316.3  1,329.9  1,330.2  
Non -Current  Liabilities(3) 160.3  150.5  123.1  
Current Liabilities(4) 1,263.9  1,423.5  1,369.0  
Liabilities relating to assets classified as 
held for sale  - - 81.1  
Total  2,740.5  2,903.9  2,903.4  
     
Uses of Funds     
Net Fixed Assets(5) 583.6  645.1  548.0  
Investments(2) * * * 
Loans  0.4 0.4 0.5 
Other  Non-Current Assets(6) 288.3  336.8  353.5  
Other Current Assets(7) 1,868.2  1,921.6  1,672.1  
   
 
40 
 Assets classified as held for sale  - - 329.3  
Total  2,740.5  2,903.9  2,903.4  
 
Other Relevant Information  
Particulars  As of and for the financial years ended  
March 31,  2023  March 31,  2024  March 31,  2025  
Earnings per share (Basic) (INR)  73.58  93.68  94.31  
Earnings per share (Diluted) (INR)  73.58  93.68  94.31  
Dividend payout %(8) 81.54%  96.07%  100.73%  
Return on net worth(9) 25.46%  32.08%  32.29%  
Book value per share (INR)(10) 289.04  292.03  292.09  
Notes :  
 
(1) Total expenditure includes cost of materials consumed, purchases of stock in trade, changes in inventories of finished goods,  
stock -in-trade and work -in- progress, employee benefits expense and other expenses . 
(2) * - represents amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the group.  
(3) Non-Current Liabilities include lease liabilities, other financial liabilities, provisions and other non- current liabilities . 
(4) Current Liabilities include lease Liabilities, trade payables, other financial liabilities, provisions, and other current liabilities . 
(5) Net Fixed Assets include p roperty, plant and equipment, Capital work in progress, ROU  and intangible assets . 
(6) Other non- current assets include deferred tax assets, non- current tax assets and other financial assets . 
(7) Other current assets include inventories, trade receivables, cash & cash equivalents  and other financial assets . 
(8) Dividend payout % is calculated as d ividend per share paid in each financial year divided by Earnings per share (basic) . 
(9) Return on net worth is calculated as Profit after tax divided by Equity attributable to the owners of the Target at the end of 
each financial year . 
(10) Book value per share is calculated as Equity attributable to the owners of the Target  divided by total number of shares . 
 
6.13. The shareholding pattern of the Target Company pre -Open Offer ( based on the shareholding pattern as o f 
September 30 , 2025 ) and post -Open Offer, assuming full acceptances is as provided below :  
Shareholders’ 
category  Shareholding and voting 
rights prior to the 
agreement/ acquisition 
and offer  Shares/voting rights agreed 
to be acquired which 
triggered off the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulation  Shares/voting rights to be 
acquired in the open offer 
(assuming full acceptance)  Shares/voting rights after 
the acquisition and offer  
(A) (B) (C) (A) + (B) + (C) = (D)  
No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) 
1 Promoters/ 
Promoter group          
A Parties to the 
agreement, if any  
(i.e. the Sellers)          
Seller 1  2,07,00,529(2) 45.46%(2
) (2,07,00,529)(3)  (45.46%)  Nil - 0 0.00%  
Seller 2  1,10,66,791  24.30%  (41,80,804)(3)  (9.18%)  Nil - 68,85,987  15.12%  
B Promoters other 
than (A) above  Nil - Nil - Nil - Nil - 
 Total 1 (1A+1B)  3,17,67,320  69.76%  (2,48,81,333)  (54.64%)  - - 68,85,987  15.12%  
2 Acquirer and PACs          
A Acquirer(4) - - 2,48,81,333  54.64 % 92,73,902(3) 20.36 % 3,41,55,235  75.00%  
B PAC 1  - - - - - - - - 
C PAC 2  - - - - - - - - 
 Total 2  
(2A + 2B + 2C)  - - 2,48,81,333  54.64 % 92,73,902  20.36 % 3,41,55,235  75.00%  
3 Party to 
agreement  
(other than 1A or - - - - - - - - 
   
 
41 
 Notes : 
 
(1) Calculated as a percentage of the Voting Share Capital . 
(2) Prior to execution the SPA (which triggered the Open Offer), Seller 1 held a total of 2,29,77, 544 Equity Shares amounting to 50.46% 
of the Voting Share Capital. Subsequently, Seller 1 sold 22,77,015 Equity Shares representing ~5.00% of the Voting Share Capital on 
the floor of the NSE on September 24, 2025 . 
(3) This table has been provided assuming full acceptance in the Open Offer. In case no Equity Shares are tendered in the Open Offer, the 
Acquirer  shall purchase a maximum of 3,17,67,320  Equity Shares (~69.76% of the Voting Share Capital) from the Sellers i.e., 
2,07,00,529 Equity Shares (~45.46% of the Voting Share Capital) from Seller 1 and 1,10,66,791 Equity Shares (~24.30% of the V oting 
Share Capital)). Please note that as per the SPA, subject to any adjustments to be made for Equity Shares purchased pursuant to the 
Open Offer the Acquirer will first purchase 100% of the shareholding of Seller 1 in the Target Company  and the remaining shares will 
be purchased from Seller 2.  
(4) As stated in the PA, DPS , DLOF  and this LOF, the Open Offer size is subject to a proportionate reduction in accordance with the first 
proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, such that the resulting shareholding of the Acquirer and the PACs on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction does not exceed 75% of the Voting Share Capital. Accordingly, in the 
event that the Open Offer is subscribed fully, the acquisition pursuant to Open Offer would be 92,73,902 shares (~ 20.36%) and the 
shares to be acquired from the Sellers would be 2,48,81,333  shares (~ 54.64 %). 
(5) Others includes government entities, investor education fund, corporate bodies, individual investors, HUFs, LLPs, trusts and others . 
 
6.13.1.  The acquisition of Equity Shares by the Acquirer and the PACs pursuant to the Underlying Transaction and/or 
Open Offer may result in the public shareholding in the Target Company falling below the minimum public shareholding requirement as per Rule 19A of the SCRR read with Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. 
In such an event, the Sellers will ensure that the Target Company satisfies the minimum public shareholding requirements in the manner and timeline prescribed under the SPA and/ or applicable  law (i.e., within the 
specified time period of 12 months  under  the SEBI Master Circular – LODR Regulations ). In the event the Sellers 
continue to hold more than 10% of the equity shares  of the Target Company post completion of the Offer, 
then the Sellers will undertake a sell -down of equity shares in terms of  SEBI Master Circular – LODR Regulations  
and the  Sellers will be reclassified as “public shareholders”, in compliance with the conditions under Regulation 
31A(3)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations including the conditions set out under Regulation 31A(3)(b)(i) (i.e., the Sellers holding not more than ten percent of the total voting rights in the Target Company).  
 6.14. There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against the Target Company, its existing promoters and existing directors, under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder by SEBI.  
 
6.15. Except for one report filed by the promoters of the Target Company, dated January 29, 2018 (for inter se  
acquisition undertaken on January 19, 2018), no report under Regulation 10(7) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
in relation to the Target Company has been filed in the last 8 (eight)  financial years and till the date of this LOF 
in the current financial year.  Shareholders’ 
category  Shareholding and voting 
rights prior to the 
agreement/ acquisition 
and offer  Shares/voting rights agreed 
to be acquired which 
triggered off the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulation  Shares/voting rights to be 
acquired in the open offer 
(assuming full acceptance)  Shares/voting rights after 
the acquisition and offer  
(A) (B) (C) (A) + (B) + (C) = (D)  
No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) No. of Equity 
Shares  %(1) 
2) 
4 Public  
(other than 1, 2 or 
3) - - - - - - - - 
A Insurance 
Companies / 
MFs /FPIs/ Banks /AI
Fs 99,00,842  
 21.74 %  - - (92,73,902) (20.36 %) 44,99,092  9.88% 
B Others(5) 38,72,152  8.50 %  - - 
 Total 4 (4A+4B)  1,37,72,994  30.24%  - - (92,73,902 ) (20.36 %) 44,99,092  9.88 %  
 Grand Total 
(1+2+3+4)  4,55,40,314  100.00%  - - - - 4,55,40,314  100.00%  
   
 
42 
  
6.16. No actions have been taken or penalties levied by SEBI under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, 
or the Stock Exchanges or by the RBI, against the Target Company , its existing promoters and existing directors  
in the 8 (eight) financial years preceding the financial year in which the PA  is being made  and till the date of 
this LOF in the current financial year , except as set out below:   
 
(a) Penalty  of INR 11,800  (inclusive of GST)  each levied by NSE and BSE on October 31, 2018, which was paid 
by the Target Company  owing to a delay of a few hours in relation to submission of the results of postal 
ballot process carried out by the Target Company in October 2018 wherein shareholders’ approval for 
the appointment of Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Mr. Rajasekaran Guha, and Mr. Hemant Sahai was sought by  
Target Company . The delay occurred as the last date for submission was falling on a Sunday.  
(b) A show cause notice dated March 31, 2014 bearing n o. T-4/2/FEMA/DZ/2014/JD(AR) was issued to the 
Target Company alleging contravention of the provisions of Section 10(6) read with  Section 10(5) of 
FEMA further r ead with Regulation 6(1) of Foreign Exchange Management (Realization, Repatriation and 
Surrender of Foreign Exchange) Regulations 2000 in relation to foreign remittance against the imports 
by Target Company ( “FEMA Show Cause Notice ”). The adjudicating authority vide the order dated 
January 30, 2025 (“Adjudicating Authority Or der”) held that the five appellants (namely Target 
Company, Nihal Kaviratne, Amit Jain, R. Gopalakrishan & Sanjiv Mishra (who were also directors of the 
Target Company ) guilty of charges levelled in the FEMA Show Cause Notice for 10 out of 12 remittances 
made by the Target Company. A penalty of INR 25,00,000 was imposed on the Target Company. Further, 
the adjudicating authority took a lenient view in respect of the directors as the role of directors was not 
clearly spelt out in the FEMA Show Cause Notice an d accordingly imposed a penalty of INR 1,00,000/ - 
each on Nihal Kaviratne, Amit Jain, R. Gopalakrishan & Sanjiv Mishra.  The Adjudicating Authority Order 
was challenged to the appellate authority and pursuant to orders dated February 23, 2018 and August 1, 2018  (“Appellate Authority Order ”), it was  held that in view of the fact that the Target Company has 
been making regular imports of substantial amounts and it is only in miniscule percentage of cases that the Target Company failed to submit proof of imports against 10 remittances, in the interest of justice 
the penalty under Section 13(1) of FEMA 1999 is reduced to INR 5,00,000. This amount was already paid by the Target Company as a pre -deposit of penalty vide demand draft dated February 27, 2018 which 
was ordered to be fully adjusted against the reduced penalty.  Further, none of the directors were held 
liable pursuant to the FEMA Show Cause Notice. It was held that since the charges under Section 42 of FEMA 1999 do not hold good against the four aforementioned directors of Target Company, the penalty of INR 1,00,0 00 imposed on each of them under the impugned Adjudicating Authority Order were 
quashed.  
 
6.17. There are no instances of delay/non -compliance by the existing promoters of the Target Company under 
Regulations 29, 30 and 31 of SAST Regulations, in the last 8 (eight) financial years preceding the year in which 
the PA is being made and till date of this  LOF in the current financial year.  
 
6.18. None of the existing promoters, existing directors  and existing  key managerial personnel (as defined in the 
Companies Act, 2013) of the Target Company have been categorised or declared as a: (i) ‘wilful defaulter’ by 
any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI; or (ii) ‘fugitive economic offender’ under Section 12 of th e Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 
2018.  
 
6.19. As on October 10, 2025  (being the latest BENPOS available with the Target Company) , the promoters and 
directors of the Target Company, do not have any direct or indirect relationship in terms of directorship, 
control (as defined under SEBI (SAST) Regulations) , shareholding interest (other than  any indirect interest 
which may be held in public shareholders of the Target Company (holding more than 1% shares of the Target 
Company), in their respective capacity as unit -holders of a mutual fund or a diversified investment vehicle 
(including insurance policies)), loan arrangemen t, guarantees or any pecuniary transactions , with the public 
shareho lders holding more than 1% shares of the Target Company, as on such date.  
   
 
43 
  
7. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  
 
7.1. Justification of Offer Price  
 
7.1.1.  The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on BSE (Scrip Code: 500710) and the NSE (Symbol: 
AKZOINDIA ). The ISIN of the Equity Shares is INE133A01011 . 
 
7.1.2.  The closing market price of the Equity Shares of the Target Company on the relevant dates are set out in the 
table below : 
 
Event  Date  Closing Price (in 
INR)  
(BSE)  (NSE)  
Date of Public Announcement  June 27 , 2025  3418.6  3414.8  
The first trading day after the date of the 
Public Announcement  June 30 , 2025  3415.3  3412.2  
Date of publication of Detailed Public 
Statement  July 4 , 2025  3441.5  3433.3  
Date of submission of the Draft Letter of Offer  July 11 , 2025  3642.6  3643.4  
 Source : www.bseindia.com ; www.nseindia.com   
 
7.1.3.  The traded turnover of the Target Company based on the trading volume of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE during the 12 (twelve) calendar months preceding the calendar month in which the PA was made i.e., period from June 1, 2024 to May 31, 2025 (“Relevant Period ”) is as under : 
 
Stock Exchange  Total No. of Equity 
Shares of the Target 
Company traded 
during the Relevant 
Period (“A”)  Weighted average 
number of Total 
Equity Shares of the 
Target Company 
during the Relevant 
Period (“B”)  Trading Turnover %  
(A/B)  
BSE 3,34,458  4,55,40,314  0.73 % 
NSE 51,61,577  4,55,40,314  11.33 % 
Source : Certificate dated June 27, 2025, issued by R D Sarfare & Co (Rajesh Sarfare, Proprietor, membership no.: 140399)  
(UDIN: 25140399BMNSVM8714). 
 
7.1.4.  Based on the above, the Equity Shares are frequently traded on NSE for the purposes of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
7.1.5.  The Offer Price of INR 3,417.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Four Hundred and Seventeen point Seven 
Seven only)  per Equity Share has been determined in terms of Regulations 8(1) and 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  (being the relevant provisions for calculation of offer price for a direct acquisition) , being the 
highest of the following parameters:  
 
Sr. No.  Details  Price  
(a) The highest negotiated price per Equity Share of the Target Company for 
any acquisition under the agreement attracting the obligation to make a 
public announcement of an open offer i.e., the price per Equity Share 
under the SPA  INR 2,762.05 per 
Equity Share(1) 
   
 
44 
 (b) The volume -weighted average price paid or payable per Equity Share for 
acquisitions by the Acquirer during the 52 (fifty  two) weeks immediately 
preceding the date of the PA  Not applicable(2) 
(c) The highest price paid or payable per Equity Share for any acquisition by 
the Acquirer during the 26 (twenty  six) weeks immediately preceding the 
date of the PA  Not applicable(2) 
(d) The volume -weighted average market price per Equity Share for a period 
of 60 (sixty) trading days immediately preceding the date of the PA, as 
traded on the Stock Exchange where the maximum volume of trading in 
the Equity Shares of the Target Company are r ecorded during such period, 
i.e., NSE, provided such shares are frequently traded  INR 3,417.77 per 
Equity Share  
(e) Where the shares are not frequently traded, the price determined by the 
Acquirer and the Manager taking into account valuation parameters 
including, book value, comparable trading multiples, and such other 
parameters as are customary for valuation of share s of such companies  Not applicable(3) 
(f) The per Equity Share value computed under Regulation 8(5) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, if applicable  Not applicable(4) 
Source : Certificate dated June 27, 2025, issued by R D Sarfare & Co (Rajesh Sarfare, Proprietor, membership no.: 140399)  
(UDIN: 25140399BMNSVM8714)  
 
Notes:  
(1) While  the price under the SPA is subject to certain adjustments basis certain business and commercial parameters, 
such adjusted price shall not exceed the Offer Price in any circumstance whatsoever.  
(2) As informed, the Acquirer and the PACs have not acquired any Equity Shares in the Target Company during the 52 
(fifty two) weeks immediately preceding the date of the PA.  
(3) The Equity Shares of the Target Company are frequently traded in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
(4) Not applicable since the acquisition is not an indirect acquisition in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
7.1.6.  In view of the parameters considered and presented in the table in paragraph 7 .1.5 above, the minimum offer 
price per Equity Share under Regulation 8(1) and Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations is the highest 
of above parameters, i.e., INR 3,417.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Four Hundred and Seventeen point 
Seven Seven only) per Equity Share  and has been adjusted as per paragraph 7.1.7 .  
 
7.1.7.  The Offer Price may be adjusted by the Acquirer and the PACs, in consultation with the Manager, in the event 
of any future corporate action(s) such as issuances pursuant to rights issue, bonus issue, stock consolidations, 
stock splits, payment of dividends  (more than 50% (fifty percent) higher than the average of the dividend per 
share paid during the 3 (three) financial years preceding the date of the PA), de -mergers, reduction of capital, 
etc. where the record date for effecting such corporate action(s) f alls prior to the 3rd (third) Working Day before 
the commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
As an illustration, if the record date for any dividend that may be declared by the Company is prior to 3 (three) 
Worki ng Days before the commencement of the Tendering Period, then the entire amount of such dividend 
per share declared (assuming more than 50% (fifty percent) higher than the average of the dividend per share 
paid during the 3 (three) fin ancial years preceding the date of the PA, as required under the proviso to 
Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) shall be deducted from the Offer Price . Accordingly, the Target 
Company has paid the following dividend in last 3 (three) financial years preceding the date of the PA: (i) INR 60.00 per share paid in FY23, (ii) INR 90.00 per share paid in FY24 and (iii) INR 95.00 per share paid in FY25. 
Accordingly, the average dividend paid by the Target Company during the last 3 (three) years precedi ng the 
date of the PA was INR 81.67 per share  and the amount which is 50% higher than such average dividend is INR 
122.50 per equity share . In FY26, the Board of the Target Company  declared an aggregate dividend of INR 186 
per equity share in the following manner: (i)  on May 14, 2025, it has approved and recommended a dividend 
of INR 30.00 per share (record date: July 25, 2025)  which was approved by the equity shareholders of the 
Target Company  on August 4, 2025; and (ii) on August 4, 2025, it has approved a dividend of INR 156.00 per 
equity share (record date: August 11, 2025). Therefore, in accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, an amount of INR 186 per equity share has been adjusted to the Offer Price and the Offer Price 
   
 
45 
 has been revised to INR 3,231.77 per equity share, subject to any further adjustments as may be permitted in 
terms of SEBI (SAST) Regulations . In light of the aforesaid, the Offer Price is justified in terms of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations . 
 
7.1.8.  An upward revision to the Offer Price or to the Offer Size, if any, on account of competing offers or otherwise, 
may be undertaken by the Acquirer and the PACs at any time prior to the commencement of 1 (one) Working 
Day before the commencement of the Tend ering Period of this Offer, in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Further, in the event of any acquisition of the Equity Shares by the Acquirer and the PACs, during the Offer Period, whether by subscription or purchase, at a p rice higher than the Offer Price 
per Equity Share, the Offer Price will be revised upwards to be equal to or more than the highest price paid for 
such acquisition, in terms of Regulation 8(8) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. However, the Acquirer and the 
PACs shall not acquire any Equity Shares after the 3
rd (third) Working Day before the commencement of the 
Tendering Period and until the expiry of the Tendering Period . 
 
7.1.9.  In the event of a  revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size, the Acquirer and the PACs shall: (a) make 
corresponding revisions to the Bank Guarantee ( as defined below ) and Cash Escrow Amount ( as defined below ) 
in the Escrow Account ( as defined below ); (b) make a public announcement in the same newspapers in which 
the DPS has been published; and (c) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, 
the Stock Exchanges, and the Target Company at its registered ofﬁce of such revision .  
 
7.1.10.  If the Acquirer and the PACs acquire Equity Shares of the Target Company during the period of 26 (twenty six) weeks after the Tendering Period at a price higher than the Offer Price, then the Acquirer and the PACs shall pay the difference between the highe st acquisition price and the Offer Price, to all the Public Shareholders 
whose shares have been accepted in the Offer, within 60 (sixty) days from the date of such acquisition. However, no such difference shall be paid in the event that such acquisition is  made under another open offer 
under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, or pursuant to SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, as amended, or open market purchases made in the ordinary course on the Stock Exchanges, not being negotiated acquisition of shares of the Target Company in any form . 
 
7.2. Financial Arrangements  
 
7.2.1.  The Maximum Consideration, i.e., total funding requirement for the Open Offer, assuming full acceptance of the Offer (and undertaking proportionate reduction under Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations), is 
up to INR 2997,11,18,266.54 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety Seven Crore Eleven Lakh 
Eighteen Thousand Two Hundred Sixty  Six Rupees and Fifty  Four Paise only  only) . The Maximum Consideration 
has been calculated assuming full acceptance of the Offer and after undertaking proportionate reduction in 
accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) . No differential pricing is being offered 
for the Equity Shares tendered in this Offer.   
 
7.2.2.  In accordance with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer and the Manager have entered into an escrow agreement dated June 27, 2025 (“ Escrow Agreement ”) with Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, a 
scheduled commercial bank in India, having its registered office at 27 BKC, C 27, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai City, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400051 (“ Escrow Agent ”), and the Acquirer has opened 
an escrow account named “JSW Paints Ltd -  Akzo Nobel Escrow Account” (“ Escrow Account ”) with the Escrow 
Agent . 
 
7.2.3.  By way of security for performance by the Acquirer of their obligations under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has furnished an unconditional, irrevocable and on demand bank guarantee dated June 30, 2025 from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited having its  registered office at 27 BKC, C 27, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(E), Mumbai City, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 4000 51 and acting through its branch at 1st Floor, Narain Manzil 
1001-  1007, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place New Delhi 110001, having ban k guarantee number 
1368IGF251097565 for an amount of INR 500,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred Crore only), in favour of the Manager. The bank issuing the Bank Guarantee is neither an associate company nor a group company of 
   
 
46 
 the Acquirer, the PACs or the Target Company. The Bank Guarantee is valid up to the earlier of: (a) 180 (one 
hundred and eighty) days from the date of execution of the Bank Guarantee or such other date as may be mutually agreed in writing between the Acqui rer and the Guarantor; or (b) 30 (thirty) days after completion of 
payment of consideration to all shareholders of the Target Company who have successfully tendered their shares in acceptance of the Open Offer and the Acquirer has undertaken to extend the validity of the Bank 
Guarantee or make other arrangements for such period as may be required, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. The Manager has been duly authorised to realize the value of the Bank Guarantee in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regula tions. Further, in accordance with Regulation 17(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer has made a cash deposit of a sum of INR 42,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Forty  Two Crore) in the Open 
Offer Escrow Account (“ Cash Escrow Amount ”). This cash deposit  is in excess of 1% (one percent) of the 
Maximum Consideration in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The Acquirer has authorized the Manager to operate the Escrow Account and realize the monies / investments lying to the credit of the Open Offer Escrow Account as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and the terms of the Escrow 
Agreement. The cash deposit has been confirmed by the Escrow Agent by way of a confirmation letter dated June 30, 2025 .  
 
7.2.4.  The Acquirer has authorised the Manager to operate and realise the value of the Escrow Account as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and the terms of the Escrow Agreement. 
 7.2.5.  The Acquirer has received a commitment letter dated June 27, 2025, pursuant to which PAC 1 has undertaken to make or procure a direct or indirect investment, payment or financing to enable the Acquirer to meet the payment obligations under the Open Offer of up to INR 1250,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty Crore only). PAC 1 has confirmed that it has available capital resources for the purpose of providing such commitment/ funds available with it for the purpose of providing such commit ment.  
 
7.2.6.  The Acquirer has further received commitment letters from certain banks (“ NCD Commitment Providers ”) 
pursuant to which the NCD Commitment Providers have given their firm, irrevocable and binding commitment to make a bid (directly or through their respective identified eligible affiliate) for non -convertible debentures 
of an aggregate of INR 3000,00,00, 000 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Crore only) to be issued by the Acquirer.  
The financial arrangement in the respective NCD Commitment Letters is unconditional (except for standard market conditions). There are no restrictive clauses under the NCD Commitment Letters that could delay fund 
availability.  The amounts committed by each NCD Commitment Provider are as set out below:  
 
Sr. No.  NCD Commitment Provider  Amounts Committed (INR 
crore)  
1.  MUFG Bank, Ltd.  1350  
2.  Mizuho Bank, Ltd.  1000  
3.  DBS Bank Ltd  660 
 
 
7.2.7.  In case of non honouring of the commitment letters by NCD Commitment Providers, the Acquirer undertakes that it shall still fulfil the obligations under the Open Offer, and, in the event of any delay, pay applicable interest to the Public Shareholders.  
 
7.2.8.  The Acquirer has also by way of letter dated June 27, 2025 confirmed that, based on the aforementioned commitment letters, it has sufficient means and capacity for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the Open Offer, in terms of Regulation 25(1)  of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
7.2.9.  R D Sarfare  & Co having its office at 305, 3rd Floor, D/8, Shan BLDG., Sion (East), Mumbai – 400 037, Tel No: 
022-2292 5534 (Rajesh Sarfare, Proprietor, membership no.: 140399) ( UDIN: 25140399BMNSVN4063) has vide 
its certificate dated June 27, 2025, certified that the Acquirer with the support of the PACs, has/shall have adequate and firm financial resources through verifiable means to fulfil their obligations under this Offer. 
   
 
47 
  
7.2.10.  Based on the above, the Manager is satisfied that firm arrangements have been put in place by the Acquirer 
and the PACs to fulfil its obligations in relation to this Open Offer through verifiable means in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
7.2.11.  In case of any upward revision in the Offer Price or the Offer Size, a corresponding revision to the Cash Escrow Amount and/or Bank Guarantee as mentioned above shall be made by the Acquirer, in terms of Regulation 17(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, pri or to effecting such revision . 
 
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
8.1. Operational Terms and Conditions  
 
8.1.1.  The Acquirer  and the PACs  are making this Offer to all Public  Shareholders  to acquire up to 1,18,40,482 (one 
crore eighteen lakh forty thousand four hundred and eighty two)  Equity Shares, constituting up to 26.00% 
(twenty six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital of the Target Company  or such proportionately reduced Equity 
Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations as elaborated 
further in this LOF , subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the PA, DPS , the DLOF, and this LOF . The 
table below provides an illustration for the number of shares that would be acquired from public shareholders 
whose shares have been validly tendered at various level of take- up in the Open Offer post proportionate 
reduction under Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations .  
 
Number of 
Shares to be 
acquired 
from Sellers 
(A)     31,767,32
0      31,767,320      31,767,320      31,767,320      31,767,320      31,767,320  
Maximum 
Open Offer Size in Terms 
of Share (B)      11,840,48
2      11,840,482      11,840,482      11,840,482      11,840,482      11,840,482  
Open Offer 
Take -up (C) 0.00%  20.00%  40.00%  60.00%  80.00%  100.00%  
Shares 
Validly tendered in 
the Open 
Offer [(D) = 
(B) * (C)]               NIL           2,368,09
7         4,736,19
3         7,104,29
0         9,472,38
6      11,840,482  
Total Shares 
to be 
Acquired 
(SPA + Open 
Offer) [(E) = 
(A) + (D)]      31,767,32
0      34,135,417      36,503,513      38,871,610      41,239,706       43,607,802  
Maximum 
Shares to be Acquired [(F) 
= 75.00% * 
4,55,40,314]      34,155 ,23
5      34,155 ,235      34,155 ,235      34,155 ,235      34,155 ,235      34,155 ,235  
Proportionat
e Adjustment 
of SPA and 
Open Offer 
[(G) = (F) / (E) 
up to 100%]  100.00%  100.00 % 93.57 % 87.87 % 82.82 % 78.32 % 
   
 
48 
 Shares 
Actually 
Acquired in 
Open Offer 
[(H) = (D) * (G)]                  NIL           2,368,09
7         4,431,51
3         6,242,31
2         7,845,14
8         9,273,90
2  
Shares 
Actually 
Acquired 
through SPA 
[(I) = (F) –  (H) 
up to 
3,40,44,335]      31,767,32
0      31,767,320      29,723,722      27,912,923      26,310,087      24,881,333  
Adjusted 
Open Offer 
Size (%)^ [(J) 
= (H) / 
4,55,40,314]  0.00%  5.20 % 9.73 % 13.71 % 17.23 % 20.36 % 
Adjusted SPA 
Shares Acquired  
(%)^^ [(K) = (I) 
/ 4,55,40,314]  69.76%  69.76 % 65.27 % 61.29 % 57.77 % 54.64 % 
Total 
Acquirer 
Shareholding  
(%) [(L) = (J) 
+ (K)]  69.76%  74.96 % 75.00%  75.00%  75.00%  75.00%  
^Derived by dividing (H) by the Voting Share Capital  
^^Derived by dividing (I) by the Voting Share Capital  
 
8.1.2.  The Offer is being made by the Acquirer and the PACs  to: (a) all the Public  Shareholders , whose names appear 
in the register of members of the Target Company as of the close of business on the Identified Date; (b) the 
beneficial owners of the Equity Shares whose names appear as beneficiaries on the records of the respective 
Depositories, as o f the close of business on the Identified Date; and (c) those persons who acquire the Equity 
Shares any time prior to the Offer Closing Date but who are not the registered Public  Shareholders . The LOF 
shall be sent to all Public  Shareholders  holding Equity  Shares whose names appear in the register of members 
of the Target Company and the records of the respective Depositories on the Identified Date.  
 
8.1.3.  In terms of the indicative schedule of major activities, the Tendering Period for the Offer shall commence on  
October 23, 2025 , and close on  November 6, 2025.  
 
8.1.4.  The acceptance of this Open Offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public  Shareholders  of the Target 
Company. The Public  Shareholders  may tender their Equity  Shares , in demateriali sed form or physical form,  in 
the Offer at any time during the Tendering Period. Subject to the receipt of the statutory or other approvals as 
specified in paragraph 8.4 (Statutory and Other Approvals ) of this LOF, the Acquirer has up to 10 (ten) Working 
Days from the Offer Closing Date to pay the consideration to the Public  Shareholders  whose Equity  Shares  are 
accepted in the Open Offer.  
 
8.1.5.  The marketable lot for the Equity  Shares  for the purpose of this Offer shall be 1 (one) only. Public  Shareholders  
can participate in the Offer by offering their shareholding in whole or in part.  
 
   
 
49 
 8.1.6.  A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the LOF will constitute a binding 
agreement between the Acquirer and the tendering holder, including the tendering holder’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the LOF.  
 
8.1.7.  The Public  Shareholders  who tender their Equity  Shares  in this Open Offer shall ensure that they have good 
and valid title on the Equity  Shares. The Equity  Shares  tendered under this Offer shall be fully paid -up, free 
from all liens, charges, equitable interests and encumbrances and shall be tendered together with all rights attached thereto, including all rights to dividends and rights to participate in, bonus and rights issues, if any, and the tendering Public  Shareholder  shall have obtained all necessary consents for it to sell the Equity  Shares  
on the foregoing basis.  
 
8.1.8.  The acceptance must be unconditional, absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Offer , which is 
conditional or incomplete applications, including non -submission of necessary enclosures, if any, is liable to be 
rejected without assigning any reason whatsoever. Further, in case the documents/forms submitted are incomplete and/or if they have any defect or modifications, the acceptance is liable to be rejected.  
 
8.1.9.  In terms of Regulation 18(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Public  Shareholders  who tender their Equity  
Shares  in acceptance of this Offer shall not be entitled to withdraw such acceptance during the Tendering 
Period or thereafter.  
 
8.1.10.  This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
8.1.11.  The acceptance of Equity  Shares  tendered in this Offer will be made by the Acquirer in consultation with the 
Manager to the Offer. All the Equity  Shares  validly tendered under this Offer will be acquired by the Acquirer 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the LOF, to the extent of the Offer Size.  
 
8.1.12.  Copies of PA and DPS are available and copies of the DLOF and the LOF (including Form of Acceptance) are expected to be available on the website of SEBI at  www.sebi.gov.in . 
 
8.1.13.  The Identified Date for this Offer as per the schedule of activities is  October 7 , 2025 . The Identified Date is only 
for the purpose of determining the Public  Shareholders  as on such date to whom the LOF would be sent. It is 
clarified that all the Public  Shareholders  (even if they acquire Equity Shares and become shareholders of the 
Target Company after the Identified Date) are eligible to participate in the Open Offer.  
 
8.1.14.  The LOF shall be sent to all Public  Shareholders  whose names appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company on the Identified Date. Accidental omission to dispatch the LOF to any Public  Shareholder  to whom 
this Offer has been made or non -receipt of the LOF by any such Public  Shareholder  shall not invalidate this 
Offer in  any manner whatsoever. In case of non -receipt of the LOF, Public  Shareholders , including those who 
have acquired Equity  Shares  after the Identified Date, if they so desire, may dow nload the LOF and the Form 
of Acceptance from the website of the Registrar to the Offer ( www.kfintech.com ) or the Stock Exchanges 
(www.bseindia.com ; www.nseindia.com ). 
 
8.1.15.  The instructions, authorizations and provisions contained in the Form of Acceptance constitute an integral part of the terms of the Open Offer. The Public  Shareholders  can write to the Registrar to the Offer/Manager to the 
Offer requesting for the Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance and fill up the same in accordance with the instructions given therein, so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer, on or befo re the date of the closure 
of the Tendering Period. Alternatively, the Letter of Offer al ong with the Form of Acceptance will also be 
available at SEBI’s website  (www.sebi.gov.in ) and the Public  Shareholders  can also apply by downloading such 
forms from the website.  
 
   
 
50 
 8.1.16.  Any Equity  Shares  that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due to pending court 
cases/attachment orders/restriction from other statutory authorities wherein the Public  Shareholder  may be 
precluded from transferring the Equity  Shares  during pendency of the said litigation, are liable to be rejected 
if directions/orders are passed regarding the free transferability of such Equity  Shares  tendered under the 
Open Offer prior to the date of closure of the Tendering Period.  
 
8.1.17.  The Acquirer, the PACs, the Manager and the Registrar to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for any 
loss of documents during transit (including but not limited to Form of Acceptance, delivery instruction slips, 
original share certificates, share transfer forms, etc.), and  Public  Shareholders  are advised to adequately 
safeguard their interest in this regard.  
 
8.1.18.  The Acquirer  and the PACs reserve the right to revise the Offer Price and/or the Offer Size at any time prior to 
the commencement of 1 (one) Working Day before the commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of a revision  in the Offer Price or Offer Size , 
the Acquirer  shall: (a) make corresponding revisions  to the Escrow Amount in the Escrow Account ; (b) make a 
public announcement in the same newspapers in which the DPS has been published; and (c ) simultaneously 
with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock Exchanges, and the Target Company at its 
registered ofﬁce of such revision.  In case of any revision of the Offer Price, the Acquirer will pay such revised 
price for all the Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open Offer and accepted under the Open Offer in 
accordance with the terms of the LOF.  
 
8.2. Locked -in Equity  Shares  
 Locked -in Equity  Shares  held by Public  Shareholders , if any, may be tendered in the Open Offer and transferred 
to the Acquirer  subject to the continuation of the residual lock -in period in the hands of the Acquirer, as may 
be permitted under applicable law. The Manager shall ensure that there shall be no discrimination in the acceptance of locked -in and non -locked -in Equity  Shares . 
 
8.3. Eligibility for accepting the Offer  
 
8.3.1.  All Public  Shareholders , registered or unregistered, who hold Equity  Shares  at any time before the Offer Closing 
Date are eligible to tender such Equity  Shares  in this Open Offer (subject to the approvals that they may need 
to obtain as stated in p aragraph 8.4 (Statutory and Other Approvals ) of this LOF).  
 
8.3.2.  Persons who have acquired Equity  Shares  but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the 
Target Company on the Identified Date i.e., the date falling on the 10
th (tenth ) Working Day prior to the 
commencement of Tendering Period, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity  Shares  after 
the Identified Date, or those who have not received the LOF, may also participate in this Open Offer , provided 
they are not parties to the Underlying Transaction . No indemnity shall be required from  unregistered 
shareholders.  Accidental omission to send the LOF to any person to whom the Offer is made or the non -receipt 
or delayed receipt of the LOF by any such person will not invalidate the Offer in any way .  
 
8.3.3.  The acceptance of this Open Offer by Public  Shareholders  must be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance 
of this Open Offer which is conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any 
reason whatsoever. Incomplete applications, including non -submission of necessary enclosures, if any, are 
liable to be rejected. Accidental omission to send LOF to any person to whom the Offer is made or the non -
receipt or delayed receipt of the LOF by any such person will not invalidate the Offer in any way.  
 
8.3.4.  In the event any change or modification is made to the Form of Acceptance or if any condition is inserted 
therein by the Public  Shareholder, then the Manager and the Acquirer and/or the PACs shall have the right to 
reject the acceptance of this Offer by such Public  Shareholder.  
 
   
 
51 
 8.3.5.  The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be made by the Acquirer in consultation with the 
Manager. If the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders under this Offer is more 
than the Offer Size, then the Offer Shares validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders will be accepted on a 
proportionate basis, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer subject to acquisition of a maximum of up 
to 1,18,40,482 (one crore eighteen lakh forty thousand four hundred and eight y two)  Equity Shares, 
constituting  up to 26.00 % (twenty six percent)  of the Voting Share Capital of the Target Company  or such 
proportionately reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  as elaborated further in this LOF . 
 
8.3.6.  The acceptance of this Open Offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public  Shareholder(s) of the Target 
Company.  
 
8.4. Statutory and Other Approvals  
 
8.4.1.  As on the date of this LOF , there are no statutory approvals required to acquire the Offer Shares that are validly 
tendered pursuant to this Offer and/or to complete the Underlying Transaction . The Required Statutory 
Approval (i.e.,  the approval of the Competition Commission of India under the Competition Act, 2002, as 
amended, required for the consummation of the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer ) was received on 
September 16, 2025 . If any further statutory or other approval(s) become(s) applicable prior to the completion 
of the Offer, the Offer would also be subject to such statutory or other approval(s) being obtained and the Acquirer  and the PACs  shall make necessary applications for such approval(s).  
 
8.4.2.  All Public  Shareholders , including non -residents holders of Equity Shares, must obtain all requisite approvals 
required, if any, to tender Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit 
such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are 
not submitted, the Acquirer  and the PACs  reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. 
Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resi dent in India (including non -resident 
Indians, FIIs and FPIs) had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in 
respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit copies of such previous approvals, 
that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender Offer Shares, along with the other 
documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the 
Acquirer and the PACs reserve  the right to reject such Offer Shares. Public  Shareholders  classified as OCBs, if 
any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the 
RBI under the FEMA  and the rules and regulations made th ereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI 
independently to seek approval to tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer.  If the Equity Shares 
are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public  Shareholder should state that the Equity 
Shares are held under general permission  and clarify whether they are held on a repatriable basis or a non -
repatriable basis . 
 
8.4.3.  Subject to the receipt of the statutory and other approvals set out herein, the Acquirer shall complete payment 
of consideration within 10 (ten) Working Days from the closure of the tendering period to those Public  
Shareholders  whose documents are found valid and in order and are approved for acquisition by the Acquirer 
in accordance with Regulation 21 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Where any statutory or other approval(s) 
extend (s) to some but not all of the Public  Shareholders , the Acquirer shall have th e option to make payment 
to such Public  Shareholders  in respect of whom no statutory or other approval(s) are required in order to 
complete this Open Offer.  
 
8.4.4.  In case of delay in receipt any applicable statutory or other approval(s) which may be required by the Acquirer  
and the PACs , as per Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, SEBI may, if satisfied that such delay in 
receipt of any statutory or other approval(s) was not attributable to any wilful default, failure or neglect on the part of the Acquirer and/or the PACs  to diligently pursue such approval(s), grant an extension of time for the 
purpose of completion of this Open Offer, subject to such te rms and conditions as may be specified by SEBI, 
including payment of interest by the Acquirer to the Public  Shareholders whose Offer Shares have been 
   
 
52 
 accepted in the Offer, at such rate as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time, in accordance with 
Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
8.4.5.  In terms of Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in the event that : (a) any statutory or other 
approvals specified in this paragraph 8.4 ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of the LOF or those which become 
applicable prior to completion of the Open Offer are not received/ finally refused; and/or (b) any of the conditions precedent under the SPA as specified in paragraph 3.1.7(b)  of this LOF are not satisfied or waived 
(if permitted under applicable law), for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer and the PAC s 
and the SPA is  terminated (in accordance with the terms thereof), then the Acquirer and/or the PACs may 
withdraw the Open Offer . In the event of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirer and the PACs 
(through the Manager) shall, within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the DPS was published, stating the grounds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the S EBI (SAST) Regulations  and such announcement will also be sent 
to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office . 
 
8.4.6.  Subject to the receipt of the statutory and other approvals, if any, the Acquirer shall complete payment of 
consideration within 10 ( ten) Working Days from the Offer Closing Date to those Public  Shareholders  whose 
documents are found valid and in order and are approved for acquisition by the Acquirer.  
 
9. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER   
 
9.1. All Public  Shareholders , registered or unregistered, holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form or physical 
form, are eligible to participate in this Offer at any time during the Tendering Period  i.e., the period from Offer 
Opening Date to Offer Closing Date.  
 
9.2. The LOF specifying the detailed terms and conditions of this Open Offer will be e -mailed / dispatched  to all the 
Public  Shareholders, whose names appear in the register of members of the Target Company as at the close 
of business hours on the Identified Date, i.e., the date falling on the 10
th (tenth) Working Day prior to the 
commencement of the Tendering Period.  
 
9.3. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Letter of Offer will constitute a 
binding agreement between the Acquirer and the tendering holder, including the tendering holder’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the L etter of Offer.  
 
9.4. NSE shall be the designated stock exchange for the purpose of tendering shares in the Open Offer (“ Designated 
Stock Exchange ”). 
 
9.5. The Letter of Offer with the Form of Acceptance will be sent to the Public  Shareholders whose names appear 
on the register of members of the Target Company and to the beneficial owners of the Equity Shares whose names appear in the beneficial records of the respective depositories, as of the close of business on the Identified D ate. 
 
9.6. A copy of the PA, DPS and DLOF is available and a copy of this LOF is expected to be available on the website 
of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ). In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, all Public  Shareholders including those 
who have acquired Equity Shares of the Target Company after the Identified Date, if they so desire, may download the Letter of Offer from SEBI’s website for applying in the Offer.  
 
9.7. All the Public  Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares under the Open Offer should consult with 
their depository participants and their respective stock brokers  (“Selling Broker”) well in advance to 
understand the process and methodology in relation to tendering of the Equity Shares through the Stock Exchanges during the Tendering Period. The Selling Broker can enter orders for dematerialized as well as physical Equity Shares thr ough the Acquisition Window. The Buying Broker may also act as Selling Broker for 
the Public  Shareholders.  
   
 
53 
  
9.7.1.  The Open Offer will be implemented by the Acquirer through stock exchange mechanism made available by  
the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE and NSE , in the form of separate window ( “Acquisition Window” ) as provided 
under the SEBI Master Circular – SAST Regulations . 
 
9.7.2.  The Open Offer is made to the Public  Shareholders  as defined in this LOF. While t he Letter of Offer along with 
Form of Acceptance will be sent (through electronic mode or physical mode) to all the Public  Shareholders  of 
the Target Company, whose names appear on the register of members of the Target Company and the records 
of the respective Depositories at the close of business hours on the Identified Date, all Public  Shareholders  
holding Equity Shares are eligible to participate in the Open Offer at any tim e during the Tendering Period.  
 
9.7.3.  Accidental omission to send the Letter of Offer to any person to whom the Open Offer is made or the non -
receipt or delayed receipt of the Letter of Offer by any such person will not invalidate the Open Offer in any 
way.  
 
9.7.4.  The Acquirer has appointed  Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited  (“Buying Broker” ) as their broker 
for the Open Offer through whom the purchases and settlement of the Equity Shares tendered in the Open 
Offer shall be made. The contact details of the Buying Broker are as mentioned below:  
 
   Morgan Stanley India Company Private  Limited  
Altimus, Level 39 & 40 Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018, Maharashtra, India 
Tel. No .: +91 22 6118 1000  
Contact Person : Param Purohit  
Email : 
akzonobelindia_open_offer@morganstanley.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INM000011203  
 
9.7.5.  Public  Shareholders  who desire to tender their Equity  Shares  under the Offer would have to intimate their 
respective Selling Brokers within the normal trading hours of the secondary market, during the Tendering 
Period. The Selling Broker can enter orders for dematerialised as well as physical Equity  Shares  though the 
Acquisition Window . 
 
9.7.6.  Public  Shareholders  have to ensure that their Equity Shares are made available to their Selling Brokers  in order 
to mark lien  before the closure of the Tendering Period.   
 
9.7.7.  A separate Acquisition Window will be provided by  the Stock Exchanges  to facilitate the placing of orders. The 
Selling Broker would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the Public  Shareholders  who wish to tender 
Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the Acquisition Window of  the Stock Exchanges . Before placing the 
order/ bid, the Selling Broker will be required to mark lien on the tendered Equity Shares. Details of such Equity 
Shares marked as lien in the demat account of the Public  Shareholders  shall be provided by the depository to 
the Clearing Corporation . 
 
9.7.8.  In terms of the SEBI Master Circular – SAST Regulations , a lien shall be marked against the Equity Shares 
tendered in the Offer. Upon finalization of the entitlement, only the accepted quantity of Equity Shares will be debited from the demat account of the concerned Public  Shareholder . 
 
9.7.9.  The lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares will be released, if any, or would be returned by registered 
post or by ordinary post or courier (in case of physical shares) at the Public  Shareholders ’ sole risk. Public  
Shareholders  should ensure that their depository account is maintained till all formalities pertaining to the 
Offer are completed.  
 

   
 
54 
 9.7.10.  The Registrar to the Offer will hold in trust the Form of Acceptance, Equity Shares, and/or other documents on 
behalf of the Public  Shareholders  of the Target Company who have accepted the Offer, until the e-
payments/ warrants/cheques/drafts for the consideration are remitted/ dispatched and unaccepted share 
certificate/Equity Shares, if any, are dispatched/returned to the relevant Public  Shareholders . 
 
9.7.11.  The details of settlement number under which lien will be marked shall be informed in the issue opening circular that will be issued by the Stock Excha nges/ Clearing Corporation, before the Offer Opening Date.  
 
9.7.12.  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be displayed on the websites of the Stock Exchanges 
(www.bseindia.com ; www.nseindia.com ) throughout the trading session at specific intervals  by the Stock 
Exchanges during the Tendering Period.  
 
9.7.13.  Modification/cancellation of bids will not be allowed during the Tendering Period. Multiple bids made by single Public  Shareholder  for selling the Equity  Shares  shall be clubbed and considered as ‘one’ bid for the purposes 
of acceptance.  
 
9.7.14.  The reporting requirements for non -resident shareholders under FEMA and any other rules, regulations, 
guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall be made by the Public  Shareholder  and/ or their Selling Broker.  
 
9.7.15.  Public  Shareholders can tender their shares only through a broker with whom the shareholder is registered as 
client (KYC Compliant). In the event Selling Broker(s) are not registered with BSE or NSE, or if the Public  
Shareholder does not have any stock broker, then that Public  Shareholder can approach any BSE or NSE 
registered stock broker and can make a bid by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) facility through that BSE 
or NSE registered stock broker after submitting the details as may be required by the stock broker to be in compliance with applicable law and regulations.  The Public  Shareholder approaching BSE or NSE registered 
stock broker (with whom he does not have an account) may have to submit following details:  
 
(i) In case of Public  Shareholder being an individual: 
 
(a) If the Public  Shareholder is registered with a ‘KRA’, i.e., a KYC Registration Agency, the following 
documents will be required to be submitted (duly filled and completed) : 
 
• Central Know Your Client ( “CKYC ”) form including Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(“FATCA ”), In Person Verification ( “IPV”), Original Seen and Verified ( “OSV ”) if applicable . 
• Know Your Client ( “KYC”) form and the supporting documents (all such documents are 
required to be self -attested) including bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
• Demat details (Demat Master  / Latest Demat statement).  
 
(b) If the Public  Shareholder is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to 
be submitted (duly filled and completed) : 
 
• CKYC form, including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable.  
• KRA form.  
• KYC form and the following supporting documents required (all such documents are 
required to be self -attested): PAN card copy, address proof & bank account details 
(cancelled cheque).  
• Demat details (Demat master  / Latest Demat statement).  
 It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents, in person verification may be required.  
 
(ii) In case of Public  Shareholder is HUF:  
 
   
 
55 
 (a) If the Public  Shareholder is already registered with KRA, the following documents will be required 
to be submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
• CKYC form of the ‘KARTA’, including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable.  
• KYC form and the supporting documents required (all documents self -attested) including 
bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
• Demat details (Demat master  / Latest Demat statement).  
 
(b) If the Public  Shareholder is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to 
be submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
• CKYC form of the ‘KARTA’, including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable.  
• KRA form.  
• KYC form and the following supporting documents (all such documents are required to be 
self- attested): PAN card copy of HUF & KARTA, address proof of HUF & KARTA, HUF 
declaration, bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
• Demat details (Demat master  / Latest Demat statement).  
 It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents, in person verification may be required.  
 
(iii) In case the Public  Shareholder being other than individual and HUF: 
 
(a) If the Public  Shareholder is already registered with KRA, the following documents will be required 
to be submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
• KYC form and the supporting documents (all such documents are required to be self attested ) including bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
• DP details where the Equity Shares are deposited (Demat master/latest Demat statement), assuming the Equity Shares are in dematerialised mode.  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable.  
• Latest list of directors / authorised signatories / partners / trustees.  
• Latest shareholding pattern.  
• Board resolution.  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof.  
• Last 2 years’ financial statements.  
 
(b) If the Public  Shareholder is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to 
be submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
• KRA form.  
• KYC form and the supporting documents (all such documents are required to be self -
attested): PAN card copy of company/firm/trust, address proof of company/firm/trust and bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
• Demat details (Demat master /  Latest Demat statement).  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable.  
• Latest list of directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees.  
• PAN card copies & address proof of directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees.  
• Latest shareholding pattern.  
• Board resolution/ partnership declaration.  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof.  
• Last 2 years’ financial statements.  
   
 
56 
 • Memorandum of association/partnership deed/trust deed  
 
It may be noted that, other than submission of above forms and documents, in person verification may be required.  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The requirement of 
documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
9.8. Procedure for tendering Equity  Shares  held in Dematerialised Form   
 
9.8.1.  Public  Shareholders  who are holding Equity  Shares  in dematerialis ed form and who desire to tender their 
Equity  Shares  in dematerialised form under the Open Offer would have to do so through their respective Selling 
Broker by giving the details of Equity  Shares  they intend to tender under the Open Offer. Public  Shareholders  
should tender their Equity  Shares  before market hours close on the last day of the Tendering Period.  
 
9.8.2.  The Selling Broker would be required to place an order/bid on behalf of the Public  Shareholders  who wish to 
tender Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges. Before placing the bid, lien will be required  to be marked on the tendered Equity Shares. Details of the Equity Shares marked 
as lien in the demat account of the Public  Shareholder  shall be provided by their respective depositories to the 
Clearing Corporation.  In case, the Public  Shareholder’s demat account is held with one depository (“ Source 
Depository ”) and the clearing member pool and Clearing Corporation account is held with another depository 
(“Recipient Depository ”), the Equity Shares shall be blocked in the shareholders demat account at the Source 
Depository during the Tendering Period. IDT  instructions shall be initiated by the Public  Shareholder at the 
Source Depository to the clearing member / Clearing Corporation account at Recipient Depository. Source Depository shall block the Public  Shareholder’s Equity Shares (i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked 
balance) and send IDT message to Recipient Depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of Equity Shares 
blocked in the Public  Shareholder’s demat account shall be provided by the Recipient Depository.  
 
9.8.3.  For custodian participant, orders for Equity Shares in dematerialised form . early pay -in is mandatory prior to 
confirmation of order by the custodian. The custodians shall either confirm or reject orders not later than the 
time provided by Stock Exchanges on the last day of the offer period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected.  
 
9.8.4.  The details of settlement number for early pay -in of equity shares shall be informed in the issue opening 
circular that will be issued by the Stock Exchanges / the Clearing Corporation, before the opening of the Offer.  
 
9.8.5.  The lien shall be marked by the Selling Broker in the demat account of the Public  Shareholder  for the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Open Offer. Details of such Equity Shares marked as lien in the demat account of the Public  Shareholder shall be provided by the depositories to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
9.8.6.  Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall provide a Transaction Registration Slip (“ TRS”) generated by the 
stock exchange bidding system to the Public  Shareholder . TRS will contain details of order/bid submitted like 
bid identification number, depository participant identification, client identification number, number of Equity 
Shares tendered, etc. In case of non -receipt of the completed tender form and other docu ments, but where 
lien is marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid has been placed in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such 
Public  Shareholder shall be deemed to have been accepted.  
 
9.8.7.  On receipt of TRS from the respective Selling Broker, the Public  Shareholder  has successfully placed the bid in 
the Open Offer. Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the Tendering Period.  
 
9.8.8.  The duly filled in delivery instruction slip (s) (“DIS”) specifying the appropriate market type in relation to the 
Open Offer, and execution date along with all other details should be submitted by the Public  Shareholders  to 
their respective deposit ory participant/Selling Broker so as to ensure that the Equity Shares are tendered in 
   
 
57 
 the Offer.  For resident Public  Shareholders  holding Equity Shares in dematerialis ed form, submission of Form 
of Acceptance and TRS is not mandatory, but are advised to retain the acknowledged copies of the DIS and TRS 
with them until the expiry of the Offer Period. After lien is marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid is placed in 
the exchange bidding system, the bid shall be deemed to have been accepted for  the Public  Shareholders  
holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form.  
 
9.8.9.  Public  Shareholders  will have to ensure that they keep their DP account active and unblocked to successfully 
facilitate the tendering of Equity Shares.  
 
9.8.10.  In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for conversion to Demat, such Public  
Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares converted to Demat mode is 
completed well in time so that they can participate in the Offer before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
 
9.8.11.  The Public  Shareholders  holding shares in dematerialised form  are not required to fill any Form of 
Acceptance, unless required by their respective Selling Broker.  
 
9.8.12.  All non -resident Public  Shareholders  (i.e., Public  Shareholders  not residing in India including NRIs, OCBs and 
FPIs) are mandatorily required to fill the Form of Acceptance. The non -resident Public  Shareholders  holding 
Equity Shares in dematerialised form, directly or through their respective Selling Brokers, are required to send the Form of Acceptance along with the required documents to the Registrar to the Offer at its address given on the cover page of the L OF. The envelope should be super scribed as “JSW Paints -Open Offer”. The detailed 
procedure for tendering Equ ity Shares is  included in the Form of Acceptance.  
 
9.9. Procedure for tendering the Equity  Shares  held in physical form  
 
9.9.1.  As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI's press release dated 
December 03, 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialised form with a depository with effect from  April 01, 
2019. However, in accordance with the circular issued by SEBI bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 dated July 31, 2020, shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an open offer. Such tendering shall be as per the provisions of th e SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. Accordingly, Public  Shareholders  holding Equity Shares in physical form as well are eligible to 
tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, 
the procedure for tendering to be followed by the Public  Shareholders  holding Equity  Shares  in the physical 
form is as detailed below . 
 
9.9.2.  Public  Shareholders  who are holding Equity  Shares  in physical form and intend to participate in the Open Offer 
will be required to approach their respective Selling Broker along with the complete set of documents for 
verification procedures to be carried out, including the (i) original share certificate( s), (ii) valid share transfer 
form(s), i.e . Form SH -4, duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target Company) and duly witnessed at the 
appropriat e place, (iii) self- attested copy of the shareholder’s PAN c ard (in case of joint holders, the PAN card 
copy of all transferors) , (iv) Form of Acceptance duly completed and signed in accordance with the instructions 
contained therein, by sole/joint Public  Shareholders  whose name(s) appears on the share certificate(s) in the 
same order and as per the specimen signature lodged with the Target Company , and (v) any other relevant 
documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board reso lution/specimen 
signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc., as applicable.  
 
9.9.3.  In addition, if the address of the Public  Shareholder  has undergone a change from the address registered in 
the ‘Register of Members’ of the Target Company, the Public  Shareholder  would be required to submit a self -
attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: (i) valid Aadhar card, (ii) voter 
identity card, (iii) passport, (iv) registered lease or sale agreement of residence, (v) driving license, (vi) flat 
   
 
58 
 maintenance bill, (vii) utility bills like telephone bill (only landline), electricity bill or gas bill (not more than 
three months old), (viii) identity card / document with address, issued by any of the following: Central/State Government and its Departm ents, statutory / regulatory authorities, public sector undertakings, scheduled 
commercial banks, public financial institutions.  
 
9.9.4.  Public  Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity Shares will not be accepted 
unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares for the Open Offer shall be subject to verification by the  Registrar to the Offer, as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, applicable 
laws and any further directions issued in this regard.  
 
9.9.5.  Based on these documents, the Selling Broker shall place the bid on behalf of the Public  Shareholder  holding 
Equity  Shares  in physical form who wishes to tender Equity  Shares  in the Open Offer, using the Acquisition 
Window of the Stock Exchanges . Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall provide a TRS  generated by the 
bidding system of the Stock Exchanges to the Public  Shareholder . The TRS will contain the details of the order 
submitted like folio number, share certificate number, distinctive number of Equity  Shares  tendered etc.  
 
9.9.6.  The Selling Broker/  Public  Shareholder  has to deliver the original share certificate(s) and documents (as 
mentioned above) along with the TRS either by registered post/speed post or courier or hand delivery to the 
Registrar to the Offer i.e. , KFin Technologies Limited  so as to reach them on or before  5:00 pm  (Indian Standard 
Time)  on the Offer Closing Date . The envelope should be super scribed as “JSW Paints -Open Offer ”. 1 (one) 
copy of the TRS will be retained by the Registrar, and  it will provide acknowledgement of the same to the 
Selling Broker/  Public  Shareholder . Physical share certificates and other relevant documents should not be sent 
to the Acquirer, the Target Company or the Manager to the Offer.  The Acquirer, the Manager and the Registrar 
to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for any loss of documents during transit (including but not limited 
to Form of Acceptance, delivery instruction slips, original share certificates, share transfer for ms, etc.), and 
Public  Shareholders  are advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard.  
 
9.9.7.  The Public  Shareholders  holding Equity  Shares  in physical form should note that such Equity  Shares  will not be 
accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance of the Equity  Shares  in physical form 
shall be subject to verification as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this 
regard. The Registrar to the Offer will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and 
till such time the Stock Exchanges shall display such bids as ‘unconfir med physical bids’. Once the Registrar to 
the Offer confirms the bids, they will be treated as ‘confirmed bids’.  
 
9.9.8.  All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the Form of Acceptance, otherwise the Equity  
Shares  tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity  Shares  shall be liable for rejection on the following 
grounds amongst others: (i) If there is any other company’s equity share certificate(s) enclosed with the Form 
of Acceptance instead of the Equity Share certificate(s) of the Target Company; (ii) If the trans mission of Equity  
Shares  is not completed, and the Equity  Shares  are not in the name of the Public  Shareholders ; (iii) If the Public  
Shareholders  tender Equity  Shares  but the Registrar to the Offer does not receive the Equity Share 
certificate(s); (iv) In case the signature on the Form of Acceptance and Form SH -4 does not match as per the 
specimen signature recorded with Target Company/  Registrar of the Target Company.  
 
9.9.9.  In case any Public  Shareholder  has submitted Equity  Shares  in physical form for dematerialisation, such Public  
Shareholders  should ensure that the process of having the Equity  Shares  dematerialised is completed well in 
time so that they can participate in the Open Offer before the Offer Closing Date.  
 
The Public  Shareholders  holding Equity  Shares  in physical mode will be required to fill the respective Form 
of Acceptance. Detailed procedure for tendering Equity Shares  has been included in the Form of Acceptance.  
 
9.10. Procedure for tendering the shares in case of non- receipt of LOF:  
 
   
 
59 
 9.10.1.  All the Public  Shareholders  of the Target Company, holding the Equity Shares whether in dematerialised form 
or physical form, registered or unregistered are eligible to participate in this Open Offer at any time during the 
Tendering Period for this Open Offer i.e., the period from the Offer Opening Date till the Offer Closing Date . 
 
9.10.2.  Persons who have acquired the Equity  Shares  but whose names do not appear in the register of members of 
the Target Company on the Identified Date, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity  Shares  
after the Identified Date, or those who have not received the LOF, may also participate in this Offer.  Accidental 
omission to send the LOF to any person to whom the Offer is made or the non -receipt or delayed receipt of 
the LOF by any such person will not invalidate the Offer in any way.  
 
9.10.3.  A Public  Shareholder may participate in the Open Offer by approaching their broker/Selling Broker and tender 
the Equity  Shares  in the Open Offer as per the procedure mentioned in the LOF and the Form of Acceptance.   
 
9.10.4.  The LOF along with the Form of Acceptance will be sent (through electronic mode or physical mode) to all the Public  Shareholders  of the Target Company as on the Identified Date. A Public  Shareholder  receiving the LOF 
along with the Form of Acceptance through electronic mode will be entitled to be furnished with a physical 
copy of the said documents upon receipt of requisition, if any, by e -mail at  einward.ris@kfintech.com  or by a 
letter addressed to  the Registrar to the Offer. In case of non -receipt of the LOF, such Public  Shareholders  of 
the Target Company may (i) download the same from the SEBI website ( www.sebi.gov.in ) and can apply by 
using the same; or (ii) obtain a physical copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable 
documentary evidence of holding of the Equity  Shares  of the Target Company. Alternatively, you can download 
the soft copy from the Registrar’s website  (https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/lofv2.aspx ). 
 
9.10.5.  Alternatively, in case of non -receipt of the LOF, Public  Shareholders  holding the Equity  Shares  may participate 
in the Open Offer by providing their application in plain paper in writing signed by all shareholder(s), stating 
name, address, number of shares held, client ID number, DP name, DP ID number, number of shares being 
tendered and other relev ant documents as mentioned in the LOF. Such Public  Shareholders  have to ensure 
that their order is entered in the electronic platform to be made available by BSE or NSE  before the closure of 
the Tendering Period . Physical share certificates and other relevant documents should not be sent to the 
Acquirer, the Target Company or the Manager to the Offer.  
 
9.11. Acceptance of Shares  
 
9.11.1.  Registrar to the Offer shall provide details of order acceptance to Clearing Corporation within specified  
timelines.  
 
9.11.2.  In the event that the number of Equity  Shares  validly tendered by the Public  Shareholders  under this Offer is 
more than the number of Offer Shares, the Acquirer shall accept those Equity  Shares  validly tendered by the 
Public  Shareholders  on a proportionate basis in consultation with the Manager  to the Offer , taking care to 
ensure that the basis of acceptance is decided in a fair and equitable manner  and does not result in non -
marketable lots, provided that acquisition of Equity Shares from a Public  Shareholder  shall not be less than the 
minimum market able lot . 
 
9.11.3.  The marketable lot for the Equity Shares of the Target Company for the purpose of this Open Offer shall be 1 
(one) Equity Share.  
 
9.11.4.  In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity  Shares  or otherwise, the Acquirer  will 
have the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding- off or any excess of Equity  
Shares  or any shortage of Equity  Shares . 
 
9.12. Settlement Process  
 
   
 
60 
 9.12.1.  On closure of the Tendering Period , reconciliation for acceptances shall be conducted by the Manager to the 
Offer and the Registrar to the Offer and the final list of accepted Equity Shares tendered in this Offer shall be 
provided to  the Stock Exchanges  to facilitate settlement on the basis of the Equity Shares transferred to the 
Clearing Corporation.  
 
9.12.2.  The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the secondary  
market in accordance with the SEBI Master Circular – SAST Regulations . Upon finalization of the entitlement, 
only accepted quantity of Equity Shares will be debited from the demat account of the concerned Public  
Shareholder . Selling Broker(s) shall use the settlement number to be provided by the Clearing Corporation to 
transfer the Equity Shares in favour of  the Clearing Corporation.  
 
9.12.3.  The Public  Shareholders  holding shares in demateriali sed form will have to ensure that they update their bank 
account details with their correct account number used in core banking and IFSC codes, keep their depository 
participant (“ DP”) account active and unblocked to successfully facilitate the tendering of the Equity Shares 
and to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated acceptance.  
 
9.12.4.  For Equity Shares accepted under th is Open Offer, the Clearing Corporation will make direct funds payout to 
respective Public  Shareholders ’ bank account linked to the demat account  and not any details provided in the 
Form of Acceptance . If the relevant Public  Shareholder’s bank account details are not available or if the funds  
transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/relevant bank, due to any reason, then such funds will be transferred to the concerned Selling Broker settlement bank account for onward transfer to their respective Public  
Shareholder ’s account . The Public  Shareholders will be required to independently settle fees, dues, statutory 
levies or other charges (if any) with their Selling Brokers.  
 
9.12.5.  In case of certain client types viz. NRI, foreign client s etc. (where there are specific RBI and other regulatory 
requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out 
would be given to their respective Selling Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the sam e to their 
respective Public  Shareholder’s account onwards. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected 
from the Registrar to the Open Offer.  
 
9.12.6.  For Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would be given to Public  Shareholder’s respective Selling 
Broker’s settlement bank accounts for onward transfer to the respective Public  Shareholder’s account. The 
Target Company is authorized to split the share certificate and issue a new consolidated share certificate for 
the unaccepted Equity Shares, in case the Equity Shares accepted are less than the Equity Shares tendered in 
the Open Offer by th e Public  Shareholders  holding Equity Shares in the phy sical form. Any excess Equity Shares, 
in physical form, pursuant to proportionate acceptance/ rejection will be returned to the Public  Shareholders  
directly by the Registrar to the Offer through registered post. Unaccepted share certificate(s), transfer deed(s) 
and other documents, if any, will be returned by registered post at the registered Public  Shareholders ’/ 
unregistered owners’ sole risk to the sole/first Public  Shareholder /unregistered owner.  
 
9.12.7.  The direct credit of Equity Shares shall be given to the demat account of the Acquirer as indicated by the Buying 
Broker.  
 
9.12.8.  Once the basis of acceptance is finalised, the lien marked against unaccepted shares shall be released. Buying 
Broker would also issue a contract note to the Acquirer for the Equity Shares accepted under the Open Offer. 
Further, the Clearing Corporation wo uld facilitate clearing and settlement of trades by transferring the 
required number of Equity Shares to the demat account of the Acquirer. The Buying Broker will transfer the 
funds pertaining to the Offer to the Clearing Corporation’s Bank account as per the prescribed schedule.  
 
9.12.9.  Any Equity Shares that are: (i) subject matter of litigation; or (ii) held in abeyance or prohibited/restricted from 
being transferred pursuant to any pending court cases/attachment orders/restriction from other statutory authorities; are liable to be reje cted unless directions/orders of an appropriate court/tribunal/statutory 
   
 
61 
 authority permitting the transfer of such Equity Shares are received together with the Equity Shares tendered 
under the Open Offer.  
 
9.12.10.  Public  Shareholders  who intend to participate in the Open Offer should consult their respective Selling Broker 
for any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) that may be levied by the Selling 
Broker upon the selling shareholders for tendering Equi ty Shares in the Open Offer (secondary market 
transaction). The Open Offer consideration received by the Public  Shareholders , in respect of accepted Equity 
Shares, could be net of such costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (inclu ding brokerage) and the 
Acquirer and the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges 
and expenses (including brokerage) incurred solely by the Public  Shareholders . 
 
9.12.11.  In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s), SEBI has the power to grant extension of time to the 
Acquirer for payment of consideration to the Public  Shareholders  who have accepted the Open Offer within 
such period, subject to the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest for the delayed period if directed by SEBI in terms of Regulations 18 (11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
10. NOTE ON TAXATION   
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS HEREUNDER ARE BASED ON THE CURRENT 
PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX ACT, 1961 AS AMENDED BY THE FINANCE ACT, 2025 AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. THE LEGISLATIONS, THEIR JUDICIAL INTERPRETATION AND THE POLICIES OF THE REGULATORY AUTHORITIES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE (INCLUDING RETROSPECTIVE 
CHANGES/CLARIFICATIONS) FROM TIME TO TIME, AND THESE MAY HAVE A BEARING ON THE IMPLICATIONS LISTED BELOW. ACCORDINGLY, ANY CHANGE OR AMENDMENTS IN THE LAW OR RELEVANT REGULATIONS 
WOUL D NECESSITATE A REVIEW OF THE BELOW.
 
 THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICATIONS BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD HAVE DIFFERENT INCOME TAX IMPLICATIONS. THIS NOTE ON TAXATION SETS 
OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR 
LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES.
 
 THE IMPLICATIONS ARE ALSO DEPENDENT ON THE PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS FULFILLING THE CONDITIONS 
PRESCRIBED UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT SECTIONS UNDER THE RELEVANT TAX LAWS. IN 
VIEW OF THE PARTICULARISED NATURE OF INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES, PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS ARE 
REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS INCLUDING THE 
TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE, AND THE 
APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.
 
 THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC s DO NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF 
ANY TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, THE PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE 
SUMMARY OF INCOME -TAX IMPLICATIONS, RELATING TO THE TREATMENT OF INCOME -TAX IN THE CASE OF 
TENDERING OF LISTED EQUITY SHARES IN THE OPEN OFFER, AS SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR GUIDAN CE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
10.1. General:  
 
10.1.1.  The basis of charge of Indian income -tax depends upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. 
The Indian tax year runs from April 1 until March 31 of the following year.  
 
10.1.2.  A person who is an Indian tax resident is typically liable to income -tax in India on his worldwide income, in a 
manner as provided under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“ IT Act ”), as amended from time to time.  
 
   
 
62 
 10.1.3.  A person who is treated as a non -resident for Indian income -tax purposes is generally subject to tax in India 
only on such person's India -sourced income (i.e., income which accrues or arises or deemed to accrue or arise 
in India) and income received by suc h persons in India (including income deemed to be received in India).  
 
10.1.4.  In the case of shares of a company, the source of income from shares will depend on the “situs” of such shares. 
As per judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is where a company is “incorporated” and where 
its shares can be transferred. Since the Target Company is incorporated in India, the Equity Shares are “situated” in India and any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer of such shares is taxable in India under 
the IT Act.  
 
10.1.5.  Further, the non -resident shareholder can avail benefits of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement 
(“DTAA ”) between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder is a tax resident subject to 
satisfying the relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) conditions present in the said DTAA (if any) read with the relevant provisions of the  Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty related Measures to 
Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“ Multilateral Instrument/ MLI ”) as ratified by India with the 
respective country of which the said shareholder is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of General Anti -
Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) and (c) providing and maintaining necessary information and documents as 
prescribed under the IT Act.  
 
10.1.6.  The IT Act also provides for different income -tax regimes/ rates applicable to the gains arising from the 
tendering of shares under the Open Offer, and corresponding withholding tax obligation based on the period of holding, residential status, classificat ion of the shareholder, nature of the income earned, etc.  
 
10.1.7.  The shareholders may be required to undertake compliances such as filing an annual income tax return, as may be applicable to different categories of persons based on the nature of income earned, with the income 
tax authorities, reporting their income for the relevant year.  
 
10.1.8.  In addition to income tax, as the tendering of Equity Shares is being undertaken on Stock Exchange, such 
transaction will be chargeable to Securities Transaction Tax (“ STT”). STT is payable in India on the value of 
securities on every purchase or sale of securities that are listed on any Indian stock exchange. Currently, the STT rate applicable on the purchase and sale of shares on the stock exchange is  0.1%  of the value of security 
transacted.  
 
10.1.9.  In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approvals as may be required as per Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, SEBI may, if satisfied, that non -receipt of such approvals was not attributable to any wilful 
default, failure or neglect on the part of the Acquirer to diligently pursue such approvals, grant an extension 
of time for the purpose of completion of this Open Offer, subject to the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest at 
the rate of 10% to the Public  Shareholders for delay beyond 10 (t en) Working Days at such other rate, as may 
be specified by SEBI from time to time.  
 
10.1.10.  In accordance with Regulation 18 (11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if any waiver is not granted by SEBI, 
then the Acquirer shall pay interest to all such Public  Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted 
in the Open Offer, at the rate of 10%  per annum, in the event the Acquirer is unable to make payment to the 
Public  Shareholders who have accepted Equity Shares in the Open Offer within the statutory period as 
prescribed.   
 
10.1.11.  All references to equity shares herein are to listed equity shares unless stated otherwise.  
 
10.2. Classification of Public Shareholders  
 
Shareholders can be broadly classified under the following categories:  
 
10.2.1.  Resident Shareholders being:  
   
 
63 
  
(a) Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family (“ HUF ”), Association of Persons (“ AOP ”) and Body of Individuals 
(“BOI”); and  
(b) Others  
(i) Company ; and  
(ii) Other than company  
 
10.2.2.  Non -Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(a) Non -Resident Indians (“ NRIs ”)  
(b) Foreign Institution Investors (FIIs)/Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
(c) Others:  
(i) Company ; and  
(ii) Other than company  
 
10.3. Classification of Equity Shares   
 
10.3.1.  Equity Shares can be classified under the following 2 (two) categories:  
 
(a) Equity Shares held as investment (income from transfer taxable under the head ‘Capital Gains’);  
 
(b) Equity Shares held as stock -in-trade (income from transfer taxable under the head ‘Profits and Gains 
from Business or Profession’) ; and  
 
(c) While the IT Act does not prescribe specific criteria for the characterization of such income, principles 
established by several Court rulings and administrative guidance issued by the CBDT  in Circular 
No.6/2016 dated February 29, 2016 should be considered in determining the characterization of income.  
 
10.3.2.  In view of the definition of ‘capital asset’ provided in Section 2(14) of the IT Act, shares held by all FIIs (and 
their sub –  account) or FPIs registered under the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 are to be 
treated as ‘capital asset’. Further, considering the amended definition of “capital asset” under the Finance Act, 
2025, the shares held by “Investment fund” specified in clause (a) of Explanation 1 to section 115UB of IT Act, are also to be treated as ‘capital asset.’  
 
10.3.3.  For Public  Shareholders other than FIIs/FPIs,  unless specifically exempted  as per the provisions of the IT Act , 
gains arising from the transfer of equity shares may be treated either as ‘capital gains’ or as ‘business income’ for income -tax purposes, depending upon whether such equity shares were held as a capital asset or trading 
asset (i.e. stock -in-trade). Public  Shareholders (other than FIIs/FPIs) should also refer to the relevant 
circulars/notifications and guidelines issued by CBDT  in this regard.  
 
10.4. Taxability of Capital Gains in the hands of p ublic shareholders  
 
10.4.1.  Capital gains in the hands of public  shareholders would be computed as per the provisions of Section 48 of the 
IT Act and the rate of income tax would depend on the period of holding.  
 
10.4.2.  Period of Holding:  
 Depending on the period for which the shares are held, the gains would be taxable as ‘short term capital gain s’ 
or ‘long -term capital gain s’. Such classification would be determined as under:  
 
(a) Short -term Capital Asset (“ STCA ”): Equity shares held for less than or equal to 12 ( twelve) months.
 
 
(b) Long- term Capital Asset (“ LTCA ”): Equity share s held for more than 12 ( twelve ) months.  
   
 
64 
  
10.4.3.  Accordingly, gains arising from transfer of a STCA are taxable as ‘Short -term Capital Gains’ (“ STCG ”). Gains 
arising from transfer of a LTCA are taxable as ‘Long -term Capital Gains’ (“ LTCG ”). 
 
10.4.4.  Where a transaction for transfer of such Equity Shares (i.e., acceptance under an open offer) is transacted 
through recognised stock exchanges and is chargeable to STT, then the taxability will be as mentioned in the 
below paragraphs (for all categories of Public  Shareholders) . 
 
Implications for LTCG:  
 
10.4.5.  As per Section 112A of the IT Act, LTCG arising on sale of listed equity shares will be subject to tax at the rate of 12.50% if STT has been paid on both, purchase and sale of shares ( except in certain cases notified by CBDT 
vide Notification No. 60/2018 dated October 1, 2018 ) and if the aggregate LTCG during the financial year 
exceeds INR 1,25,000 (Indian Rupees one lakh twenty five thousand only) . The said rate will be increased by 
applicable surcharge and cess. Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A wo uld be allowed in computing LTCG 
subject to tax under Section 112A of the IT Act.  
 
10.4.6.  As per Section 112A of the IT Act, LTCG will be computed without considering the indexation benefit as per the 
terms of Section 48 of the IT Act. The cost of acquisition will be computed in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 55 read with Section 112 A of the IT Act. In terms of Section 55 read with Section 112A of the IT Act, if 
investments were made on or before January 31, 2018 , a method of determining the cost of acquisition of 
such investments has been specifically laid down such that gains up to January 31, 2018 are grandfathered. To 
clarify, if the equity shares on which STT is paid were acquired prior to January 31, 2018, the cost of acquisition of such shares should be higher of: (a) actual cost of acquisition and (b) lower of (i) fair market value as on 
January 31, 2018 (highest quoted price on January 31, 2018  or immediately prior trading day if shares were 
not traded on January 31, 2018) and (ii) actual sale consideration.  
 
10.4.7.  If STT is not paid at the time of acquisition of the shares being acquired under the Open Offer and they do not fall within the exceptions identified under CBDT Notification No. 60/2018/F.No.370142/9/2017 -TPL dated 
October 1, 2018,  then the entire LTCG arising to the shareholder shall be subject to tax at 12.50 % (plus 
applicable surcharge and cess) under Section 112 of the IT Act in case of the said Public shareholders.  Further, 
no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing LTCG subject to t ax under Section 112 of the 
IT Act.  
 
Implications  for STCG : 
 
10.4.8.  STCG realized on sale of listed equity shares (STT paid) will be subject to tax at the rate of 20%  under Section 
111A of the IT Act. The said rate will be increased by applicable surcharge and cess. Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG subject to tax under Section 111A of the IT Act.   
 Other considerations:  
 
10.4.9.  As per the seventh proviso to Section 48 of the IT Act, no deduction of amount paid on account of STT will be allowed in computing the income chargeable to tax as Capital Gains.  
 
10.4.10.  Further, in case of resident individual or HUF, the benefit of maximum amount which is not chargeable to income -tax is required to be considered while computing tax on such LTCG or STCG taxable under Sections 
112, 112A or 111A of the IT Act . 
 
10.4.11.  The provisions of Minimum Alternate Tax on the book profits as contained in Section 115JB of the IT Act or Alternate Minimum Tax contained in Section 115JC of the IT Act, as the case may be, also need to be considered by the shareholders.  
 
   
 
65 
 10.4.12.  The provisions of Section 115JB of the IT Act do not apply to a foreign company if it is a resident of a country 
with which India has entered into a DTAA under Section 90/90A of the IT Act and the assessee does not have a Permanent Establishment in India o r such company is a resident of a country with which India does not have 
such agreement and the assessee is not required to seek registration under any law for the time being in force, 
relating to companies.  
 
10.4.13.  Additional information in case of Foreign Institutional Investors (“ FIIs”): 
 
(i) Under Section 115AD(1)(ii) of the IT Act, STCG arising to a FII on transfer of shares (STT paid) will be 
chargeable at the rate of 20%.
 
 
(ii) Under Section 115AD(1)(iii) of the IT Act, income by way of LTCG arising from transfer of shares will be 
chargeable to tax at the rate of 12.5 0%. Provided that in case of income arising from the transfer of a 
LTCA referred to in Section 112A, income- tax at the rate of 12.50 % will be calculated on such income 
exceeding INR 1,25,000.  
 
(a) Such capital gains would be computed without giving effect to the first and second proviso to Section 48  
of the IT Act. In other words, adjustment in respect of foreign exchange fluctuation and benefit of 
indexation would not be allowed while computing the Capital Gains.  
 
(b) The above rates are to be increased by applicable surcharge and cess.  
 
(c) Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG and as well as LTCG.  
 
(iii) The CBDT has vide  Notification No . 9/2014  dated 22 January 2014  notified Foreign Portfolio Investors 
registered under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (FPI) Regulations, 2014 as FII for the purpose 
of Section 115AD of the IT Act.  
 
10.4.14.  Additional Information in case of NRIs : 
 (i) Under Section 115E of the IT Act, the LTCG arising to an NRI will be taxable at the rate of 12.50%.
 
 
(ii) Under Section 111A of the IT Act, the STCG arising to an NRI will be taxable at the rate of 20.00%.  
 
(a) Such capital gains would be computed without giving effect to the first and second proviso to Section 48  
of the IT Act. In other words, adjustment in respect of foreign exchange fluctuation and benefit of indexation would not be allowed while computing the Capital Gains.
 
 
(b) The above rates are to be increased by applicable surcharge and cess.  
 
(c) Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG and as well as LTCG.  
10.4.15.  In case of capital loss on account of sale of shares: (a) Long term capital loss computed for a given year will be 
allowed to be set -off only against LTCG computed for the said year, in terms of Section 70 of the IT Act and can 
be set off in subsequent years in terms of Section 74 of the IT Act; and (b) Short term capital loss computed for 
a given year will be allowed to be set off against STCG as well as LTCG computed for the said year and can be 
set-off in subsequent years in terms of Section 74 of the IT Act . 
10.4.16.  Section 90(2) of the IT Act, provides relief to a non -resident, where there is a DTAA between India and the 
country of residence of the non -resident shareholder and the provisions of the DTAA are more favourable to 
the taxpayer, subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) conditions present in the 
said DTAA (i f any) read with the relevant provisions of the MLI as ratified by India with the respective country 
   
 
66 
 of which the said shareholder is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of GAAR; and (c) maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act . 
 
10.4.17.  Investment Funds  
 
Under Section 10(23FBA) of the IT Act, any income of an Investment Fund, other than the income chargeable 
under the head “Profits and G ains of B usiness or P rofession” would be exempt from income -tax. For this 
purpose, an “Investment Fund” means a fund registered as Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund and is regulated under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternate Investment Fund ) 
Regulations, 2012.  
 
10.4.18.  Mutual Funds  
 Under Section 10(23D) of the IT Act, any income of mutual funds registered under SEBI or Regulations made thereunder or mutual funds set up by public sector banks or public financial institutions or mutual funds 
authorised by the RBI and subject to the con ditions specified therein, is exempt from tax subject to such 
conditions as the Central Government may by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf.  
 
10.5. Taxability of business income in hands of shareholders (Shares held as Stock -in-Trade):  
 
10.5.1.  Where gains realized from sale of listed equity shares are taxable as business income, they will be taxable at 
applicable tax rates to such shareholders. The loss if any can be carried forward in accordance with the provisions of the IT Act.  
 
10.5.2.  In terms of Section 36(1)(xv) of the IT Act, STT paid by the shareholder in respect of the taxable securities 
transactions entered into in the course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of 
income chargeable under the head “Profi t and gains of business or profession”, if the income arising from 
taxable securities transaction is included in such income.  
 
10.5.3.  Resident Individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI will be taxable at applicable slab rates. Domestic companies will be 
generally taxed at the tax rates applicable for such company in accordance with the provisions of the IT Act 
including but not necessarily limited to, the fo llowing cases:  
 
(i) Domestic companies having total turnover or gross receipts during the previous year 2023 -24 not 
exceeding INR 400,00,00,000 will be taxable at the rate of 25.00%  in AY 2026- 27.  
 
(ii) Domestic companies liable to pay tax under Section 115BAA of the IT Act  will be taxable at the rate of 
22.00%  if conditions of Section 115BAA of the IT Act  are met.  
 
(iii) Domestic companies liable to pay tax under Section 115BAB of the IT  Act will be taxable at the rate of 
15.00%  subject to fulfilment of conditions. Other specified sources of income for such domestic 
companies shall be taxable as per the rates prescribed under Section 115BAB of the IT  Act. 
 
(iv) For persons other than stated above, profits will be taxable at the rate of 30.00%.  
 
(v) Surcharge and health and education cess are applicable in addition to the taxes described above.  
10.5.4.  Business loss arising on transfer of the shares will be allowed to be set -off in the normal course of business in 
accordance with the provisions of IT act and can be carried forward in accordance with Section 72 of the IT 
Act.  
 
10.5.5.  Section 90(2) of the IT Act, provides relief to a non -resident, where there is a DTAA between India and the 
country of residence of the non -resident shareholder and the provisions of the DTAA are more favourable to 
   
 
67 
 the taxpayer, subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) conditions present in the 
said DTAA (if any) read with the relevant provisions of the MLI as ratified by India with the respective country of which the said shareholde r is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of GAAR; and (c) maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act . 
10.5.6.  Where DTAA provisions are not applicable:  
 
• For non -resident individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI, profits will be taxable at applicable slab rates.  
• For foreign companies, profits will be taxed in India at the rate of 35.00%.  
• For other non -resident Public  Shareholders, profits will be taxed in India at the rate of 30.00%.  
 Surcharge and health and education cess are applicable in addition to the taxes described above.  
 
10.6. Withholding Tax implications  
 
10.6.1.  Remittance/Payment of Consideration  
 
(a) Resident shareholders : 
 
(i) As of the date of filing of this document, in the absence of any provisions under the IT Act casting an obligation on the buyer to deduct tax on income arising in the hands of the resident seller on transfer of any property (other than immovable property),  the Acquirer is not required to withhold 
tax on the consideration payable to Public  Shareholders pursuant to tendering of shares under the 
Open Offer.  
 
(ii) With effect from July 1, 2021,  Finance Act 2021 creates an obligation on the buyer of goods to 
withhold tax under Section 194Q of the IT Act  at the rate of 0.10%
 when buying goods from an Indian 
resident. The withholding obligation only exists where the consideration for goods exceeds INR 50,00,000 and the buyer had a business turnover of more than INR 10,00,00,000  (in the immediately 
preceding year). The term “goods” has not been defined and may cover shares.
 
 
(iii) As per Circular No 13  of 2021  dated June 30, 2021  issued by the CBDT, the provisions of Section 
194Q of the IT Act  is not applicable where the transactions in securities and commodities are traded 
through recognized stock exchange. Therefore, the Acquirer is not required to withhold tax under Section 194Q of the IT Act  on consideration payable to resident shareholders.
 
 
(iv) The resident shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia considering gains arising pursuant to this Open Offer. The resident shareholders also undertake to provide the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/ non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to 
this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
 
(b) Non -resident shareholders – FIIs: 
 Section 196D of IT Act, provides for a specific exemption from withholding tax at source from any income, by way of Capital Gains arising to an FIIs/FPIs from the transfer of securities referred to in Section 115AD of the IT Act. Thus, no withholding of ta x is required in case of consideration payable to FIIs/FPIs.
 
 
The CBDT has vide Notification No. 9/2014  dated 22 January 2014  notified Foreign Portfolio Investors 
registered under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (FPI) Regulations, 2014 as FII for the purpose of Section 115AD of the IT Act.  
(c) Non -resident shareholders (other than FIIs / FPIs ): 
 
   
 
68 
 (i) Each non -resident shareholder will confirm its status by selecting the appropriate box in the Form 
of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement.  
 
(ii) Section 195(1) of the IT Act provides that any person responsible for paying to a non -resident, any 
sum chargeable to tax under the provisions of the IT Act is required to deduct tax at source at 
applicable rates in force.  
 
(iii) Given the practical difficulty, the Acquirer will not be able to deduct income -tax at source on the 
consideration payable to such non -resident shareholders as there is no ability for the Acquirer to 
deduct taxes since the remittance/payment will be routed through the stock exchange, and there 
will be no direct payment by the Acquirer to the non -resident Public  Shareholders.  
 
(iv) Since the tendering of shares under the Open Offer is through the Stock Exchange, the responsibility 
to discharge tax due on the gains (if any) is primarily on the non -resident Public  Shareholder given 
that practically it is not possible to withhold taxes and the Acquirer believes that the responsibility 
of withholding/ discharge of the taxes due on such gains (if any) on sale of Equity Shares is solely on 
the custodians/ authorized de alers/ non -resident shareholders – with no recourse to the Acquirer. 
It is therefore recommended that the non -resident shareholders consult their custodians/ 
authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately. In the event the Acquirer is held liable for the tax 
liability of the shareholder, the same shall be to the account of the shareholder and to that extent the Acquirer should be indemnified.
 
 
(v) The non -resident shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia considering gains arising 
pursuant to this Open Offer. The non -resident shareholders also undertake to provide the Acquirer, 
on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxa bility/ non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant 
to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
 
10.6.2.  Remittance/Payment of Interest  
 
(a) In case of interest, if any, paid by the Acquirer to Public  Shareholders (all such shareholders being 
resident shareholders) for delay in receipt of statutory approvals as per Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or in accordance with Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the final decisio n to deduct tax or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer depending 
on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments. In the event, to withhold tax, the same shall  
be basis the documents submitted along with the Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement or such 
additional documents as may be called for by the Acquirer. It is recommended that the Public  
Shareholders consult their custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately with respect to the taxability of such interest amount (including on the categorisation of the interest, whether as capital gains or as other income). In the event the A cquirer is held liable for the tax liability of the Public  
Sharehold er, the same shall be to the account of the Public  Shareholder and to that extent the Acquirer 
should be indemnified.
 
 
(b) The Public  Shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia  considering the interest (in addition 
to the gains on the sale of shares), if any, arising pursuant to this Open Offer. The Public  Shareholders 
also undertake to provide to the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/ non-taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of 
the tax paid etc.  
 
10.7. Rate of Surcharge and Cess  
 
10.7.1.  In addition to the basic tax rate, applicable Surcharge, Health and Education Cess are currently leviable as under:  
 
   
 
69 
 10.7.2.  Surcharge  
 
(i) In case of domestic companies: Surcharge at 12.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 
10,00,00,000  and at 7.00%  where the total income exceeds INR 1,00,00,000  but less than INR 
10,00,00,000.  
 
(ii) In case of domestic companies liable to pay tax under Section 115BAA or Section 115BAB  of the IT Act : 
Surcharge at 10.00%  is leviable.  
 
(iii) In case of companies other than domestic companies: Surcharge at 5.00%  is leviable where the total 
income exceeds INR 10,00,00,000 and at 2.00%  where the total income exceeds INR 1,00,00,000  but less 
than INR 10,00,00,000.  
 
(a) In case of individuals, HUF, AOP, BOI:  
 
(iv) Surcharge at the rate of 10.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 5,000,000 but does 
not exceed INR 1,00,00,000.   
(v) Surcharge at the rate of 15.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 10,000,000  but does 
not exceed INR 2,00,00,000.   
(vi) Surcharge at the rate of 25.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 20,000,000  but does 
not exceed INR 5,00,00,000.   
(vii) Surcharge at the rate of 37.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 5,00,00,000.  
 
(viii) However, for the purpose of income chargeable under Section 111A, 112, 112A and 115AD(1)(b)  of the 
IT Act  (for income chargeable to tax under the head capital gains), the surcharge rate shall not exceed 
15.00%.  
 
(ix) Surcharge is capped at 25.00%  for eligible taxpayers opting under new tax regime under Section 115BAC 
of the IT  Act.  
 
(x) In case of Firm and Local Authority: Surcharge at 12.00%  is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 
1,00,00,000.  
 
(xi) Further, in case of an AOP (which only has companies as its members), surcharge rate shall not exceed 
15.00%.  
 
10.7.3.  Cess  
 Health and Education Cess at 4.00%  is currently leviable in all cases  
 
10.8. Others  
 
10.8.1.  Notwithstanding the details provided above, all payments will be made to the Public  Shareholders subject to 
compliance with prevailing tax laws.  
 
10.8.2.  Taxes once withheld will not be refunded by the Acquirer under any circumstances. The tax deducted by the Acquirer (if required) while making payment to a Public  Shareholder may not be the final tax liability of such 
Public  Shareholder and shall in no way discharge the obligation of the Public  Shareholder to appropriately 
disclose the amounts received by it, pursuant to this Open Offer, before the income -tax authorities.  
 
10.8.3.  All Public  Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may be given by their 
respective assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirer and Manager to the Open Offer do not a ccept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of such 
   
 
70 
 advice. The aforesaid treatment of tax deduction at source may not necessarily be the treatment for filing the 
return of income. The Acquirer shall deduct tax (if required) as per the information provided and representation made by the Public  Shareholders.  
 
10.8.4.  The Acquirer will deduct tax (if required  and practicable ) as per the information provided and representation 
made by the Public  Shareholders. In the event of any income -tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) 
arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided/to be provided by the Public  Shareholder, such Public  Shareholder will be responsible to pay such income -tax demand (including 
interest, penalty, etc.) under the IT  Act and provide the Acquirer with all information/documents that may be 
necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before income tax/appellate authority in India.  
 THE ABOVE NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE 
BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS MENTIONED 
HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS 
APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.  
 APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RELEVANT LAWS IN INDIA (SUCH AS STAMP DUTY, ETC.) SHALL DEPEND ON FACTS 
OF EACH CASE AND SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN ADVISORS FOR THE SAME.  
 
11. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection to the Public  Shareholders at the registered 
office of the Manager to the Offer at Altimus, Level 39 & 40 Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 018, 
Maharashtra, India, between 10 :30 AM and 3 :00 PM on any Working Day (except Saturdays and Sundays)  
during the period from the date of commencement of the Tendering Period until the date of closure of the 
Tendering Period . 
 Copies of the following documents will also be available for inspection to the Public Shareholders electronically during the Tendering Period. Public Shareholders interested in inspecting any of the following documents 
electronically are requested to send an email from their registered email ids with the subject line “Documents 
for Inspection – “Akzo Open Offer ” (along with the details of their shareholding, DP ID and Client ID (if Equity 
Shares are held in dematerialised  form)/ folio no (if Equity Shares are held in physical form) and, in case of a 
corporate shareholder, a copy of the authority letter granting authority on behalf of the corporate shareholder 
to inspect documents), to the Manager to the Offer at  akzonobelindia_open_offer@morganstanley.com , and 
access would be provided to the respective Public Shareholders for electronic inspection upon receipt an d 
processing of such a request.   
 
11.1. Copies of the Articles and Memorandum of Association and certificate of incorporation of the Acquirer;  
 
11.2. Copies of SPA (execution versions);  
 
11.3. Copies of the Acquirer’s  financial statements  for the financial years ended March 31,  2023, March 31, 2024 , 
and March 31,  2025 ; 
 
11.4. Copies of the PAC 1’s  financial statements  for the financial years ended March 31,  2023, March 31, 2024,  and 
March 31 , 202 5; 
 
11.5. Copies of the PAC 2’s  financial statements  for the financial year ended March 31 , 2025 ; 
 
11.6. Copies of the  annual reports  and financial statements  of the Target Company for the financial years ended 
March 31,  2023 , March 31, 2024 , and March 31, 2025 ; 
   
 
71 
  
11.7. Copy of the certificate dated  June 27 , 2025,  issued by R D Sarfare & Co , (FRN:  133394W ) (Rajesh Sarfare, 
Proprietor, membership no.: 140399 ) (UDIN: 25140399BMNSVN4063 ), certifying that the firm arrangements 
for funds have been made by the Acquirer for fulfilling its obligations under the Open  Offer ; 
 
11.8. Copy of the certificate dated June 27, 2025 , issued by R D Sarfare & Co , (FRN: 133394W ) (Rajesh Sarfare, 
Proprietor, membership no.: 140399 ) (UDIN: 25140399BMNSVM8714) , certifying the computation of the Offer 
Price;  
 
11.9. Copy of the commitment letter dated June 27, 2025 issued by PAC 1 to the Acquirer;  
 
11.10.  Copy of the  execution version of the Bank Guarantee dated June 30 , 2025 from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited;  
 
11.11.  Copy of the Escrow Agreement  entered into by the Acquirer with the Escrow Agent and Manager to the Offer;  
 
11.12.  Copy of the letter dated  June 30, 2025 , received from the Escrow Agent, confirming receipt of INR 42,00,00,000 
(Indian Rupees Forty Two Crore)  in the Escrow Account ; 
 
11.13.  Copies of the PA dated  June 27, 2025 , the DPS published in the newspapers on  July 4, 2025, and the offer 
opening public announcement;  
 
11.14.  Copy of the recommendation published by the committee of independent directors of the Target Company in 
relation to the Offer; and  
 
11.15.  Copy of SEBI Observation letter no.  SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -RAC-DCR2/P/OW/2025/25892/1, dated October 03, 
2025, in regard to the DLOF.  
 
12. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER  AND THE PAC s 
 
12.1. The Acquirer and the PACs accept full responsibility for the information contained in the PA, the DPS , the DLOF  
and this LOF (other than as specified in paragraph 1 2.2 below) and undertake that they are aware of and will 
comply with their obligations under SEBI (SAST) Regulations in respect of this Offer.  
 
12.2. The information pertaining to the Target Company and/or the Sellers contained in the PA, the DPS , the DLOF  
and this LOF  or any other advertisement/ publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been 
compiled from information published or provided by the Target Company or the Sellers, as the case may be, or publicly available sources which has not been independent ly verified by the Acquirer or the PACs or the 
Manager. The Acquirer, the PACs  and the Manager do not accept any responsibility with resp ect to such 
information relating to the Target Company and/or the Sellers.  
 
12.3. The Acquirer  and the PACs shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations and for their obligations as laid down in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
12.4. The person signing this LOF is duly and legally authorized by the Acquirer  and the PACs  to sign the LOF.  
 
For and on behalf of the Acquirer  and the PACs 
 JSW Paints Limited (“Acquirer”)  
JTPM Metal Traders Limited (“PAC 1”)  
JSW EduInfra  Private Limited  (“PAC 2”)  
Date : Mumbai  
Place : October 14 , 202 5 
   
 
72 
   
   
 
 
  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
 
AKZO NOBEL INDIA  LIMITED  
 
(Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill this Form of Acceptance, unless required by 
their respective Selling Broker. Public  Shareholders holding shares in physical form (resident and non- resident) are required to send 
this Form of Acceptance along with the enclosures to the Registrar to the Offer, at its registered office address provided in  the LOF. 
Capitalized terms and expressions used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in t he LOF.)  
 
 
TENDERING PERIOD FOR THIS OPEN OFFER  
OFFER OPENS ON  OCTOBER 23, 2025  
OFFER CLOSES ON  NOVEMBER 6, 2025  
 
To, 
The Acquirer ( JSW Paints  Limited ) 
 
KFin Technologies Limited   
Selenium, Tower -B, Plot No. - 31 and 32, Financial District Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India Contact Person : M. Murali Krishna 
Tel. No.: +91 40 67162222/18003094001  
Fax. No.: +91 40 6715 63 
Email : akzo .openoffer @kfintech.com   
SEBI Registration Number : INR000000221 
Validity Period : Permanent Registration  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Cash Offer for acquisition of up to 1,18,40,482 (one crore eighteen lakh forty thousand four hundred and eighty 
two) fully paid- up equity shares having a face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each (“Equity Shares”) of Akzo 
Nobel India  Limited (“Target Company”), representing up to 26.00% of the Voting Share Capital , at a price of INR 
3,231.77 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty One point Seven Seven only)  per Equity Share from 
the Public  Shareholders of the Target Company by JS W Paints  (“Acquirer”) , together with JTPM Metal Traders Limited 
(“PAC 1”) and JSW EduInfra Private Limited (“PAC 2”, and together with PAC 1, “PACs”), in their capacity as persons 
acting in concert with the Acquirer,  pursuant to and in compliance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (“Offer”/“Open 
Offer”).  
 
I / We refer to the Letter of Offer dated  October 14 , 2025  for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me/us in the Target 
Company.  
 
I / We, the undersigned, have read the PA, DPS, Letter of Offer and the open offer opening public announcement, and understood its contents, terms and conditions, and unconditionally accept these terms and conditions.  
 
I / We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/statements given by me / us, herein are true and correct.  
 
Details of the Public  Shareholder : 
 
Name (in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the shareholder(s)  Permanent Account Number 
(PAN)  
(Please write names of the joint 
holders in the same order as 
appearing in the Equity Share 
certiﬁcate(s)/ demat account)  Sole / First    
Second    
Third    
Contact number(s) of the first 
holder (with ISD/ STD Code)  Tel. No.: 
Fax No.:  Mobile No.:  
   
 
 
 Name (in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the shareholder(s)  Permanent Account Number 
(PAN)  
Full address of the first holder (with 
pin code)    
Email address of first holder    
Date and place of incorporation  
(if applicable)    
 
  
FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM:  
 
I/We, confirm that our residential status under the Income Tax Act is as below ( please tick whichever is applicable ): 
☐ Resident  
☐ Non -Resident  
 
I / We , holding Equity Shares in physical form, accept this Offer and enclose the original share certificate(s)  and duly 
signed transfer form(s) in respect of my/ our Equity Shares as detailed below along with enclosures as mentioned herein:  
 
Sr. 
No. Regd. Folio  
Number  Share Certificate Number  Distinctive Numbers  No. of Equity  
Shares  From  To 
1      
2      
3      
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach a separate sheet 
with the above details and authenticate the same)  TOTAL   
 
Enclosures ( please tick whichever is applicable ) 
☐ Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public  Shareholder, has signed this Form of Acceptance 
or Equity Share transfer form(s)  
☐ Original Equity Share certificate(s)  
☐ Valid Equity Share transfer form(s)  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and specimen signatures of 
authorized signatories  
☐ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in case of single Shareholder), in case the original Shareholder has expired  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
☐ Other relevant documents (please specify)  
 
FOR ALL PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS  
 
I / We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me / us under this Offer are free from liens, charges, equitable interests and encumbrances and are being tendered together with all rights attached thereto, including all rights to  dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter.  
 
I / We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts in any manner my/our right to tender Equity Shares in this Offer and that I/we am/are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares in this Offer.  
 
I / We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Equity Shares in the Offer on the foregoing basis.  
 
I / We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for holding the Equity Shares and/or for tendering the Equity Shares in this Offer have been enclosed herewith.  
 
I / We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity Shares held by me / us will not contravene any applicable law and will not breach the terms of any agreement (written or otherwise) that I / we are a party to. My / Our execution of this 
   
 
 
 Form of Acceptance shall constitute my / our warranty that the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned 
by me / us. If any claim is made by any third party in respect of the said Equity Shares, I / we will hold the Acquirer and 
the PACs  harmless and indemnified against any loss they or either of them may suffer in the event these Equity Shares 
are acquired by the Acquirer  and/or the PACs .  
 
I / We agree that the Acquirer and/or the PACs will pay the consideration as per secondary market mechanism only after 
verification of the documents and signatures, as applicable submitted along with this Form of Acceptance. I / We undertake to return to the Acquirer and/or the PACs any Open Offer consideration that may be wrongfully received by 
me / us.  
 
I / We confirm that I / We are not persons acting in concert or persons deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer , 
the PACs  or any other parties to the SPAs.  
 
I / We give my/ our consent to the Acquirer and/or the PACs to file any statutory documents on my/our behalf in relation 
to accepting the Equity Shares in this Offer. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further 
assurances that may be required or expedient to give effect to my/ our tender/  offer and agree to abide by any decision 
that may be taken by the Acquirer  and/or the PACs  to effectuate this Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
I / We confirm that I / we are in compliance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the PA, the DPS and the LOF.  
 
I / We are / am not debarred from dealing in shares or securities, including the Equity Shares.  
 
I / We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against us which may affect the legality of the transfer of Equity Shares under the Income Tax Act including but not limited to section 281 of the Income Tax Act and under Section 
81 of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017. I / We confirm that no notice has been issued by the income tax / GST authorities impacting the rights to transfer the shares . 
 
I / We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided / to be provided by me / us , or as a result of income tax (including any conse quent interest and penalty) on the capital gains arising from tendering of the Equity Shares, I / 
we will indemnify the Acquirer and the PACs, for such income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) and provide 
the Acquirer and the PACs with all information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any proceedings 
before any income tax / appellate authority.  
 
I / We note and understand that a lien will be marked against the Equity Shares tendered by me by the Clearing Corporation until the settlement date whereby the Acquirer and/or the PACs make( s) payment of purchase consideration 
as mentioned in the LOF.  
 
I/We confirm that I/we hold the Equity Shares as [‘capital asset’] or [‘stock -in-trade’]. I / We note and understand that 
the Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be held by the Registrar to the Offer/ Clearing Corporation in trust for me / us till the date the Acquirer and/or the PACs make (s) payment of consideration as mentioned in the LOF, or the date by 
which other documents are dispatched to the Public  Shareholders, as the case may be. I / We also note and understand 
that the consideration will be paid only to those Public  Shareholders who have validly tendered their Equity Shares in 
this Offer, in accordance with the terms of the LOF.  
 
I / We authorise the Acquirer and/or the PACs to accept the Equity Shares so offered or such lesser number of Equity Shares which the Acquirer and/or the PACs may decide to accept in consultation with the Manager to the Offer and the 
Registrar to the Offer and in terms of the LOF. I / we further authorize the Acquirer and/or the PACs to return to me / us, 
Equity Shares in respect of which this Offer is not found valid / not accepted without specifying the reasons thereof.  
 
I / We authorize the Acquirer,  the PACs,  and the Registrar to the Offer to return to me/ us by registered post or ordinary 
post, unaccepted documents, if any, at my/our sole risk, without specifying the reasons thereof.  
 
FOR NRIs/ OCBs/ FIIs AND SUB -ACCOUNTS/ OTHER NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS  
 
I / We confirm that my/ our residential status is ( please tick whichever is applicable ): 
 
   
 
 
 ☐ Individual  ☐ Foreign 
Company  ☐ FII/FPI – Corporate  ☐ FII/FPI - Others ☐ FVCI  
☐ Foreign Trust  ☐ Private Equity 
Fund  ☐ Pension/Provident 
Fund  ☐ Sovereign 
Wealth Fund ☐ Partnership/ 
Proprietorship ﬁrm  
☐ Financial 
Institution  ☐ NRIs/PIOs – 
repatriable  ☐ NRIs/PIOs - non- 
repatriable  ☐ OCB  ☐ QFI 
☐ Others – please 
specify:   
 
I / We confirm that my / our investment status is ( Please provide supporting documents and tick whichever is applicable ): 
☐ FDI Route  
☐ PIS Route  
☐ Any other –  please specify __________________________________________  
 
I / We confirm that Equity Shares tendered by me / us are held on ( please tick whichever is applicable ): 
☐ Repatriable basis  
☐ Non -repatriable basis  
 
I / We confirm that ( please tick whichever is applicable ): 
 
☐ No RBI, FIFP or other regulatory approval was required by me for holding Equity Shares that have been tendered in 
this Open Offer and the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI  
☐ Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Equity Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer are 
enclosed herewith  
☐ Copy of RBI Registration letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me / us is enclosed herewith  
 
I/We confirm that ( please tick whichever is applicable ): 
 
☐ No RBI, FIFP  or other regulatory approval is required by me for tendering the Equity Shares in this Open Offer 
☐ Copies of all approvals required by me for tendering Equity Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith  
☐ There are no taxes or other claims pending against us which may affect the legality of the transfer of Equity Shares 
under the Income Tax Act including but not limited to section 281 of the Income Tax Act  
☐ In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, 
inaccuracy, error, negligence or omission of information provided / to be provided by me / us, I / we will indemnify 
the Acquirer  and the PACs  for such income tax demand (including interest, penalty, cost of litigation etc.) and 
provide the Acquirer and the PACs  with all information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any 
proceedings before any income tax / appellate authority  
 
ADDITIONAL CONFIRMATIONS AND ENCLOSURES FOR ALL PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS, AS APPLICABLE:  
 
I / We, have enclosed the following documents please tick whichever is applicable ): 
 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card.  
☐ Self-declaration form in Form 15 G / Form 15 H, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy (applicable only for 
interest payment, if any).  
☐ No objection certificate / Tax clearance certificate from income tax authorities, for deduction of tax at a lower rate 
/ NIL rate on income from sale of shares and interest income, if any, wherever applicable.  
☐ For Mutual Funds/ Banks/ notified institutions/ other shareholders, self- attested copy of relevant registration or 
notiﬁcation in support of the claim that they are eligible to exemption from withholding tax (applicable in case of interest payment, if any ). 
☐ ‘Valid Tax Residency Certificate’ issued by the income tax authority of a foreign country of which he / it claims to be 
a tax resident, in case the Public  Shareholder intends to claim benefit under the DTAA between India and that 
jurisdiction in which the Public  Shareholder claims to be resident and a duly filled in ‘Form 10F’ as prescribed under 
the IT Act. Such other information and documentation as may be required depending upon specific terms of the 
   
 
 
 relevant DTAA read with the provisions of MLI, including but not limited to a declaration of not having a permanent 
establishment in India and declaration of characterisation of income arising from the Open Offer.  
☐ SEBI registration certificate for FIIs / FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs).  
☐ SEBI registration certificate issued to Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Funds if such fund intends to claim exemption from TDS under Section 197A(1F) of the IT Act.  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs).  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public  Shareholder has signed the Form -of-Acceptance -
cum -Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified copy of the board resolution and specimen signatures of authorised signatories  
☐ Other relevant documents (Please specify) ________________________________________  
 
BANK DETAILS:  
 
For Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, the bank account details for the purpose of interest 
payment, if any, will be taken from the record of the depositories.  
 
So as to avoid fraudulent encashment in transit, the Public  Shareholder(s) holding physical shares should provide details 
of bank account of the first/sole shareholder.  
 
Name of the bank   
Branch address and pin code   
Account number   
IFSC code   
MICR code   
Type of account - Savings/ Current/ 
Others (please specify)   
 
In case of interest payments, if any, by the Acquirer for delay in payment of Open Offer consideration or a part thereof, the Acquirer will deduct taxes at source at the applicable rates as per the Income Tax Act. For details, please refer to instruction n o. 23 given overleaf.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
Signed and Delivered:  Full Name  PAN  Signature  
First / Sole Holder     
Joint Holder 1     
Joint Holder 2     
Joint Holder 3     
 
Note : In case of joint holdings, all must sign. In case of body corporate, the common seal should be affixed and necessary 
board resolutions should be attached.  
 Place: _________________  
 Date: __________________    
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
--------------------------------------------------------------Tear Here -------------------------------------------------------------  
 
Acknowledgement Receipt – Akzo Nobel India  Limited  – Open Offer  
 
 
Received from Mr./Ms./M/s. ___________________________________________________________________  
 Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement for Akzo Nobel India  Limited  – Open Offer as per details below:  
 Copy of delivery instruction to depository participant of Client ID for ____________________________ Equity Shares  
 
Date of Receipt:  
 
Stamp of collection centre:  
 
Signature of Official  
   
   
 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS 
 
Capitalized terms used and not defined in these instructions will have the same meaning as provided in the LOF dated 
October 14, 2025 . 
 
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS FORM OF ACCEPTANCE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE ACQUIRER, THE PACs, THE TARGET COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER.  
 
2. This Form of Acceptance should be legible and should be filled -up in English only.  
 
3. All queries pertaining to this Open Offer may be directed to the Registrar to the Offer.  
 
4. AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 40(1) OF THE SEBI (LODR) REGULATIONS AND SEBI'S PRESS RELEASE DATED DECEMBER 03, 2018, BEARING REFERENCE NO. PR 49/2018, REQUESTS FOR TRANSFER OF SECURITIES SHALL NOT BE PROCESSED UNLESS THE SECURITIES ARE HELD IN DEMATERIALISED FORM WITH A DEPOSITORY WITH EFFECT FROM APRIL 01, 2019. HOWEVER, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CIRCULAR ISSUED BY SEBI BEARING 
REFERENCE NUMBER SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 DATED JULY 31, 2020, SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN PHYSICAL FORM ARE ALLO WED TO TENDER SHARES IN AN OPEN OFFER. SUCH TENDERING SHALL 
BE AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS. ACCORDINGLY, PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING 
EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AS WELL ARE PUBLIC  TO TENDER THEIR EQUITY SHARES IN THIS OPEN OFFER 
AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS.  
 
5. The Public  Shareholders who are holding the Equity Shares in physical form and who wish to tender their Equity 
Shares in this Offer shall approach the and submit the following set of documents for verification procedure as 
mentioned below:  
 
a) Original share certificate(s).  
b) Valid share transfer form(s), i.e. Form SH -4, duly filled, stamped and signed by the transferor(s) (i.e. by all 
registered shareholder(s) in the same order and as per specimen signatures registered with the Target Company), and duly witnessed at the approp riate place.  
c) Self-attested copy of the Public  Shareholder’s PAN card (in case of joint holders, the PAN card copy of all 
transferors).  
d) This Form of Acceptance for Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, duly completed and 
signed in accordance with the instructions contained herein, by sole/joint shareholders whose name(s) appears on the share certificate(s) and in the same order and as per the specimen  signature lodged with the 
Target Company.  
e) A self -attested copy of the address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar card, 
voter identity card, passport or driving license.  
f) If the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the register of members of the Target Company, a self- attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the 
following documents: (i) valid Aadhar Card; (ii) Voter Identity Card; or (iii) Passport.  
g) Any other relevant document including (but not limited to) such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board resolution(s)/ specimen signature(s)), notarised copy/(ies) of death certificate(s) and succession certificate(s) or probated will(s), if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as applicable.  
 
Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should note that such Equity Shares will not be 
accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted.  
 
6. In case of unregistered owners of Equity Shares in physical form, the Public  Shareholder should provide an 
additional valid share transfer form(s) duly signed by the unregistered owner as transferor(s) by the sole/joint Public  Shareholder(s) in the same order and duly witnessed at the appropriate place. The transfer form should be 
left blank, except for the signatures and witness details.  
 
7. PLEASE DO NOT FILL IN ANY OTHER DETAILS IN THE TRANSFER FORM.  
 
8. Attestation, where required (as indicated in the share transfer form) (thumb impressions, signature difference, etc.) should be done by a Magistrate, Notary Public or Special Executive Magistrate or a similar authority holding 
   
 
 
 a public office and authorized to issue the seal of his office or a member of a recognized stock exchange under 
their seal of office and membership number or manager of the transferor’s bank.  
 
9. In case the share certificate(s) and the transfer form(s) are lodged with the Target Company/ its transfer agents for transfer, then the acceptance shall be accompanied by the acknowledgement of lodgement with, or receipt by, the Target Company / its trans fer agents, of the share certificate(s) and the transfer form(s).  
 
10. The Public  Shareholder should ensure that the certificate(s) and above documents should be sent only to the 
Registrar to the Offer either by registered post or courier or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer: 
i.e. KFin Technologies Limited  on or before the date of closure of the Tendering Period, at the following address - 
Unit: Akzo Nobel  Limited – Open Offer, Selenium, Tower -B, Plot No. -  31 and 32, Financial District Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, Telangana, India . 
 
11. The Selling Broker should place bids on the exchange platform with relevant details as mentioned on physical share 
certificate(s). The Selling Broker(s) shall print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the exchange 
bidding system. The TRS w ill contain the details of order submitted including Folio No., Certificate No. Dist. Nos., 
number of Equity Shares, etc.  
 
12. Public  Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in dematerialized form under the Offer would have 
to do so through their respective selling member by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender 
under the Offer.  
 
13. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in this Form of Acceptance 
as the order in which they hold the Equity Shares, and should be duly witnessed. This order cannot be changed or altered nor can any new na me be added for the purpose of accepting the Offer.  
 
14. If the Equity Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Equity Shares will be returned to the sole/first named Public  Shareholder(s) along with all the documents received at the time of submission.  
 
15. The procedure for acceptance and settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in the LOF in paragraph 9 
(Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer ). 
 
16. The LOF along with this Form of Acceptance is being dispatched/sent through electronic mail to all the Public  
Shareholders as on the Identified Date, who have registered their email ids with the Depositories. In case of non -
receipt of the LOF, the Public  Shareholders of the Target Company may download the same from the respective 
websites of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), the Registrar to the Offer ( www. kfintech.com ), BSE (www.bseindia.com ), and 
NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable 
documentary evidence of holding of the Equity Shares.  
 
17. All the Public  Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability 
of the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent.  
 
18. All documents/ remittances sent by or to Public  Shareholders will be at their own risk. Public  Shareholders are 
advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
 
19. The Selling Broker(s) shall print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the exchange bidding system.  
 
20. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for dematerialisation, such Public  Shareholders 
should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time so that they 
can participate in the Open Offer before close of Tendering Period.  
 
21. The tender form and TRS is not required to be submitted to the Acquirer,  the PACs,  the Manager to the Offer or 
the Registrar to the Offer. Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill 
this Form of Acceptance unless required by their respective selling broker. Equity Shares under lock -in will be 
required to fill the respective Form of Acceptance.  
 
22. All Public  Shareholders, including non -residents holders of Equity Shares, must obtain all requisite approvals 
required, if any, to tender Equity Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such 
   
 
 
 approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not 
submitted, the Acquirer and the PACs reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, 
if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including non -resident Indians, FIIs and 
FPIs) had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity 
Shares held by them, they will be required to submit copi es of such previous approvals, that they would have 
obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender Equity Shares, along with the other documents required to be submitted  to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer and the PACs reserve 
the right to reject such Equity Shares. Public  Shareholders classified as OCBs , if any, may tender the Equity Shares 
held by them in the Open Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the FEMA and the rules and regulation s made thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI independently to seek approval to tender the 
Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of RBI, the non-resident Public  Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission and clarify 
whether they are held on a repatriable basis or a non -repatriable basis  
 
23. Interest payment, if any : In case of interest payments by the Acquirer and/or the PACs for delay in payment of 
Offer consideration or a part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer and/or the PACs depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments.  
 
24. Public  Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the following documents to the Registrar 
to the Offer.  
 
For resident Public  Shareholders: 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Certificate from the income tax authorities under Section 197 of the Income Tax Act, wherever applicable, in relation to payment of interest, if any, for delay in payment of consideration (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate)  
☐ Self-declaration in Form 15G/Form 15H (in duplicate), if applicable  
☐ For specified entities under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the Income Tax Act, self -attested copy of relevant 
registration or notification (applicable only for interest payment, if any)  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public  Shareholders (e.g. individual, 
Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please specify);  
 
For non -resident Public  Shareholders: 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the Income Tax Act, wherever applicable (certificate for 
deduction of tax at lower rate) from the income tax authorities under the Income Tax Act, indicating the 
amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquire r before remitting the amount of interest  
☐ Tax Residency Certificate and Form 10F and other information or documents as may be required to claim 
relief under the provisions of applicable double taxation avoidance agreement  
☐ Self-attested declaration that it does not have a Permanent Establishment in India either under the Income 
Tax Act or applicable between India and any other foreign country or specified territory (as notified under Section 90 or Section 90A of the Income Tax Act) of which the Public  Shareholder claims to be a tax resident  
☐ SEBI registration certificate for FII or FPI  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public  Shareholders (e.g. individual, 
Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust 
or any other – please specify)  
☐ Tax certificate issued by the income tax/statutory authorities of the overseas jurisdiction where the non -
resident Public  Shareholder is a resident for tax purposes, indicating the quantum of overseas tax along with 
any other information as may be relevant for this transaction.  
 
   
 
 
 None of the Acquirer, the PACs, Manager to the Offer, Registrar to the Offer, the Target Company or any affiliates of any 
of the foregoing will be liable for any delay/loss in transit resulting in delayed receipt/non -receipt by the Registrar to the 
Offer of your Form of Acceptance.  
 
In an event of non -submission of NOC or certificate for deduction of tax at nil/lower rate, tax will be deducted up to the 
maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the relevant category, to which the Public  Shareholder belongs, by the 
Acquirer  and/or the PACs . 
 
The tax deducted under this Offer is not the final liability of the Public  Shareholders or in no way discharges the obligation 
of Public  Shareholders to disclose the consideration received pursuant to this Offer in their respective tax returns. All 
Public  Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may be given by their respective 
assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirer, the PACs  and 
the Manager to the Offer  do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of such advice. The tax rates and 
other provisions may undergo change.  
 
FOR DETAILED PROCEDURE IN RESPECT OF TENDERING EQUITY SHARES IN THIS OPEN OFFER, PLEASE REFER TO THE 
LOF.  
 All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the respective Selling Broker, or to the Registrar to the Offer 
at the following address:  
 
 
  KFin Technologies Limited  Selenium, Tower -B, Plot No. - 31 and 32, Financial 
District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy 500 032, 
Telangana, India 
Contact Person: M. Murali Krishna 
Tel. No.:  +91 40 67162222/18003094001 
Fax No.:  +91 40 67156 3 
Email:  akzo.openoffer@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance E -mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Website: www.kfintech.com    
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
Validity Period: Permanent Registration  
  

   
 
 
 FORM OF TRANSFER DEED  
Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
 
(Pursuant to section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub- rule (1) of rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules 2014 ) 
 
Date  of execution:   /  /   
 
FOR  THE CONSIDERATION  stated  below  the “Transferor(s)”  named  do hereby  transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named the 
securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the 
Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions  aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 2 4 2 9 2 W B 1 9 5 4 P L C 0 2 1 5 1 6 
 
Name of the company (in full ): AKZO NOBEL INDIA  LIMITED  
 
Name  of the Stock  Exchanges  where  the company  is listed:  BSE Limited  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES:  
 
Kind/Class of securities (1)  Nominal value of each 
unit of security (2)  Amount called up per unit 
of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity  INR 10  INR 10  INR 10  
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (Rs.)  
In figures  In words  In words  In figures  
    
Distinctive Number  Form     
To    
Corresponding Certificate Nos.     
Transferors’ Particulars  
Registered Folio Number: _______________________________________  
Name(s) in full                                                                    PAN No.          Signature(s)  
1. _____________________________                                        _______ ___                                  _________  
2. _____________________________                                        _______ ___                                  _________  
3. _____________________________                                        _______ ___                                  _________  
I, hereby conform that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness:    
Name of the Witness:    
Address of the Witness:    
   
 
 
    Pincode:    
Transferees’ Particulars  
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s/Spouse Name (2)  Address (3)  
JSW Paints Limited  N.A.  Address : Jindal Mansion, 5A, Dr. G. 
Deshmukh Marg, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 
India - 400026  
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business      
 
Folio No. of Transferee  Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
  _____________________________   1.   
 Value of Stamp affixed: INR  __________  2.   
 3.   
 Declaration:  
( ) Transferee is not required to obtain Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares; or   ( ) Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed herewith.  
 Enclosures:  
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, Letter of allotment                                       STAMPS   
3. Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others, Specify, ___________________________________  
  
For Office Use Only  
 Checked by _______________________________  
Signature Tallied by ________________________  
Entered in the Register of Transfer on__________ ____________ vide Transfer no.______________ Approval Date____________________________  Power of attorney/Probate/Death certificate/Letter 
of Administration Registered on 
________________________________________  
at No. ___________________________________  
 
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
Name of the Transferor  Name of the Transferee  No. of shares  Date of Transfer  
     
   
 
 
  
 
_________________________________  
Signature of the Authorized Signatory  
 