 Energy Limited  
Regd. Office : JSW Centre  
Bandra Kurla  Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
CIN: L74999MH1994PLC077041  
Phone: 022 – 4286 1000  
Fax: 022 – 4286 3000  
Website:  www.jsw.in  
 
            
           
          Part of O. P. Jindal Group   
SEC / JSWEL  
18th June  2026 
 
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 533148  Scrip Code: JSWENERGY - EQ 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing 
Regulations ”) - Notice of NCLT convened meeting of the Equity Shareholders of JSW 
Energy Limited  as per the directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai Bench  
 
Ref :  Scheme of Arrangement between GE Power India Limited (“Demerged Company”)  
and JSW Energy Limited (“Resulting Company” or “Company”) and their respective 
shareholders under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)  
 
Dear Madam / Sir,  
 
Further to our letter dated 3rd June 2026 informing  about directions given by the  Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (“ NCLT ”) to convene the meetings of the Equity 
Shareholders and Unsecured  Creditors of the Company through Video Conferencing  (“VC”)  / 
Other Audio  Visual Means (“OAVM”) within 70 days from the date of receipt of the Order i.e. 
3rd June 2026, to consider and , if thought fit, approve the proposed Scheme   between GE Power 
India Limited and JSW Energy Limited and their respective shareholders.  
 
Pursuant to  the NCLT Order and as directed therein, and in compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) , the circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (“MCA Circulars”) and the Listing Regulations , please find attached the Notice along with 
the Explanatory Statement of the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Company to be held 
on Monday, 20th July 2026 at 10:30 a.m. (IST) through VC / OAVM , for the purpose of 
considering, and if thought fit, approving the propos ed Scheme.   
 
The Notice of the meeting of the Equity Shareholders , together with a copy of the Scheme, 
Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016  and accompanying documents , are being  sent through electronic 
 Energy Limited  
Regd. Office : JSW Centre  
Bandra Kurla  Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
CIN: L74999MH1994PLC077041  
Phone: 022 – 4286 1000  
Fax: 022 – 4286 3000  
Website:  www.jsw.in  
 
            
           
          Part of O. P. Jindal Group   
mode  only to the Equity Shareholders  of the Company  whose e -mail addresses are registered 
with the Company  / Kfin Technologies Limited (Kfin ) (the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
and the agency engaged for providing e -voting facility) /  Depository Participants.  
 
The aforesaid Notice and Explanatory Statement together with the relevant Annexures thereto, 
are available on the website of the Company at  https://www.jswenergy.in/investors/scheme -of-
arrangement/  and also on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited 
at www.bseindia.com  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at  www.nseindia.com  and 
of the Company's Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Limited (KFin) 
at https://evoting.kfintech.com . 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For JSW Energy Limited  
 
 
 
Monica Chopra  
Company Secretary  

JSW Energy Limited  
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) : L74999MH1994PLC077041 
Registered Office : JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 051, 
Maharashtra, India 
Phone: 022  4286 1000 / Fax: 022  4286 3000 
Email: jswel.investor@jsw.in  | Website: www.jswenergy.in  
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF  
JSW ENERGY LIMITED PURSUANT TO THE ORDER DATED 2ND JUNE, 2026 OF 
, MUMBAI BENCH 
MEETING 
Day Monday 
Date 20th July, 2026 
Time 10:30 a.m. (IST) 
Mode of Meeting As per the directions 
Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, the meeting shall be 
conducted through video conferencing ( VC) / other 
audio-visual means ( OAVM) 
Cut-off date for e -voting Monday, 13th July, 2026 
Remote e -voting start date and time  Thursday , 16th July, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (IST)  
Remote e-voting end date and time Sunday, 19th July, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
E-Voting during the meeting would be available for those equity shareholders who had not voted
through remote e-voting. This facility would be available during the meeting and for 15 minutes from
the conclusion of the meeting.
1
INDEX 
Sr. 
No. Contents Page 
Nos. 
1.Notice convening m eeting of the equity shareholders of JSW Energy  Limited 
Notice pursuant to 
Tribunal, Mumbai Bench. 
2.Explanatory Statement  under Sections 230 and 232 read with Section 102 
Act, 
Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings, Rule 6 of the Companies 
CAA 
Rules and Master Circular dated 20th June, 2023, bearing reference no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 on scheme of arrangement issued by 
SEBI Scheme Circular  
3.Annexure I  
Scheme of Arrangement between GE Power India Demerged  
Company  and JSW Energy Limited Resulting  Company Company
and their respective shareholders Scheme . 
4.Annexure II Colly  
Financial results, , of the Company and the 
Demerged Company, respectively, for the year ended 31st March, 2026. 
5.Annexure III Colly 
Report(s) of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Demerged 
Company, respectively, pursuant to Section 232(2)(c) of the Act. 
6.Annexure IV 
Share Entitlement Ratio Report for the proposed demerger of identified 
undertaking dated 18th September, 2025, prepared by RBSA Valuation 
Advisors LLP, Registered Valuer (Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2019/110) for 
the Demerged Company and GT Valuation Advisors Private Limited , 
Registered Valuer (Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2020/134) for the 
Company Joint Share Entitlement  Ratio Report. 
7.Annexure V  
Fairness Opinion issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, an 
Independent SEBI registered Merchant Banker (SEBI Merchant Registration 
No. MB/INM000010866) to the Demerged Company and 3Dimension 
Capital Services Limited, an Independent SEBI registered Merchant Banker 
(SEBI Merchant Registration No. INM000012528) to the Company Fairness 
Opinion .  
8.Annexure VI Colly 
Observation letters dated 1st April, 2026 received from BSE Limited BSE
and National Stock Exchange of India NSE by the Company and 
Demerged Company.  
9.Annexure VII Colly 
Complaint Reports dated 1st December 2025 and 24th October, 2025  
submitted by the Company to BSE and NSE respectively. 
10.Annexure  VIII Colly 
Details of ongoing adjudication and recovery proceedings, prosecution 
initiated, and all other enforcement action taken against the Company and 
the Demerged Company, its promoters and directors.  
2
11.Annexure IX  
Disclosure in terms of the requirements of the observation letters. 
12.Annexure X Colly  
NOCs obtained by the Resulting Company from the lending scheduled 
commercial banks/ financial institutions/ debenture trustees as per para 
A(2)(k) of Part- I of SEBI Master Circular  
The Notice of the Meeting, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 232 read with Section 102 
and other applicable provisions of the Act, Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings and Rule 6 
of the CAA Rules (page nos. ) and Annexure I  to Annexure X Colly  (page nos. )
constitute a single and complete set of documents and should be read together as they form an 
integral part of this document. 
3
FORM NO. CAA. 2 
[Pursuant to Section 230 (3) and rule 6 and 7] 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, MUMBAI BENCH  
C.A.(CAA)/88/MB/2026
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232  
AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT BETWEEN GE POWER INDIA LIMITED AND JSW 
ENERGY LIMITED AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS  
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS 
To 
The Equity Shareholders of 
JSW Energy Limited 
1.NOTICE is hereby given that, in accordance with the Order dated 2nd June, 2026 Tribunal
Orderin the abovementioned Company Scheme 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench Tribunal meeting of the Equity Shareholders of
the Company, will be held on Monday , 20th July, 2026 at 10:30 a.m.  (IST) Meeting for the
purpose of  considering, and if thought fit, approving, with or without modification(s), the
proposed Scheme of Arrangement between GE Power India Demerged  Company
and JSW Energy Resulting  Company Company
shareholders Scheme .
2. Pursuant to the said Tribunal Order and as directed therein, the Meeting  will be held through
video conferencing VC / other audio visual means OAVM  with the
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd  September, 2025, issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs ( MCA Circular ) read with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 Act and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
LODR Regulations  to consider, and if thought fit, to pass,
with or without modification(s), the following resolution for approval of the Scheme by
requisite majority as prescribed under Section 230(6) of the Act, as amended:
RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 and 232 of the Companies Act,
2013 Act, the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016JSW Energy Limi ted, a company incorporated 
under provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, 
having Corporate Identity Number 
L74999MH1994PLC077041 and its registered 
office at JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 051, 
Maharashtra, India  ) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
)  Company/ Resulting Company  
4
 
 
 and the rules, circulars and notifications issued thereunder, and other provisions of the Act, as 
may be applicable, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Master Circular  dated 20th June, 2023 bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 on scheme of arrangement (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment or circular issued thereof, for the time being in force), and the observation letters/ 
no-objection letters  issued by BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited dated 
1st April 2026,respectively, and subject to the relevant provisions of the Memorandum and 
Articles of Association of the Company and subject to the approval of the 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench Tribunal
permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other authorities, as may be necessary and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be deemed appropriate by the parties to 
the Scheme, at any time and for any reason whatsoever, or which may otherwise be considered 
necessary, desirable or as may be prescribed or imposed by the Tribunal or by any regulatory 
or other authorities, while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, which may be 
which term shall be deemed to mean and include one or more Committee(s) constituted/ to 
be constituted by the Board or any other person authorised by it to exercise its powers 
including the powers conferred by this Resolution), the arrangement embodied in the Scheme 
of Arrangement between GE Power India Limited Demerged Company  and JSW Energy 
Limited Resulting Company Company  and their respective shareholders Scheme , 
be and is hereby approved. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion deem requisite, desirable, appropriate 
or necessary to give effect to this Resolution and effectively implement the arrangement 
embodied in the Scheme and to make any modifications or amendments to the Scheme at any 
time and for any reason whatsoever, and to accept such modifications, amendments, 
limitations and/or conditions, if any, which may be required and/or imposed by the Tribunal 
while sanctioning the arrangement embodied in the Scheme or by any authorities under law, 
or as may be required for the purpose of resolving any questions or doubts or difficulties that 
may arise including passing of such accounting entries and/or making such adjustments in the 
books of accounts as considered necessary, issuance and listing of new equity shares under the 
Scheme by the Company, transfer/vesting of such assets and liabilities as the Board may deem 
fit and proper and considered necessary to give effect to the Scheme and the above resolution  
without being required to seek any further approval of the Equity Shareholders and the Equity 
Shareholders shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by authority 
under this Resolution.  
 
3.TAKE FURTHER NOTICE  that the equity shareholders shall have the facility and option of voting 
on the resolution for approval of the Scheme by casting their votes: (a) by remote e-voting 
remote e-voting or (b)through e-voting system 
available at the Meeting to be held through VC / OAVM e-voting at the Meeting .: 
 
 REMOTE E -VOTING PERIOD  
Commencement of e -voting Thursday, 16th July, 2026, at  9:00 a.m. (IST)  
End of e-voting Sunday, 19th July, 2026 at  5:00 p.m. (IST) 
5
A person whose name appears as an equity shareholder in the register of members or in the
list of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on Monday, 13th July, 2026, being
the cut-off date, shall be entitled to exercise his / her / its voting rights on the resolution
proposed in the Notice and attend the Meeting. A person who is not an equity shareholder as
on cut-off date should treat the Notice for information purposes only.
A copy of the said Scheme, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 232 read with
Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Act, Secretarial Standard - 2 on General
Meetings and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations)
CAA Rules  along with all annexures to such Explanatory Statement are
annexed hereto. A copy of this Notice and all the documents referred to in the accompanying
Notice and Explanatory Statement will be available on the website of the Company
https://www.jswenergy.in/ ; on the website of , the
 and the agency appointed by the Company to provide
remote e-voting and e-voting at the Meeting and other facilities for convening of the Meeting
at www.kfintech.com.  and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE viz.
www.bseindia.com  and NSE viz. 
www.nseindia.com .
The Tribunal has appointed Mr. Mohan Prasad Tiwari, to be the Chairperson of the Meeting
and Ms. Pooja Singhal, to be the Scrutinizer for the Meeting.
The Scheme, if approved at the Meeting, will be subject to the subsequent sanction of the
Tribunal and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory or other
authorities, as may be necessary.
Sd/- 
Mohan Prasad Tiwari  
  Chairperson of the Meeting appointed by the 
Tribunal 
Registered Office: 
JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
Date: 18th June 2026  
6
NOTES FOR THE MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR ACCESSING AND PARTICIPATING IN THE MEETING THROUGH VC / 
OAVM FACILITY AND VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS INCLUDING REMOTE E-VOTING 
i. Pursuant to the Tribunal Order, the Meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company will be
held through VC / OAVM to transact the business set out in the Notice. Equity shareholders
attending the Meeting through VC / OAVM shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum. Quorum
for the Meeting shall be in terms of the Tribunal Order and Section 103 of the Act. The venue of
the Meeting shall be deemed to be the registered office of the Company at JSW Centre, Bandra
Kurla Complex Bandra East, Mumbai  400051, Maharashtra, India.
As the equity shareholders can attend and participate in the meeting through VC / OAVM only, 
the facility to appoint proxies to attend and vote on behalf of the equity shareholders is not 
available, and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to the Notice. Similarly, 
the route map is not annexed to the Notice.  
ii. Corporate equity shareholders are entitled to appoint authorized representatives to attend the
Meeting through VC / OAVM and vote on their behalf. Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e.
other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned, certified copy (PDF / JPG
representative to attend the meeting through VC / OAVM on their behalf and to vote through
remote e-voting and e-voting during the Meeting, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail at
poojaguptacs@gmail.com  with a copy marked to Kfin at evoting@kfintech.com  with the subject
JSW Energy Limited NCLT Convened Meeting of Equity Shareholders  and may also upload
the same in the e-voting module in their login. The scanned image of the above documents should
JSWEL_EVENT No 9806
iii. The Notice of the Meeting and the accompanying documents mentioned in the Index are being
sent only through electronic mode to those equity shareholders whose email addresses are
DPs
shareholders whose email address are not available with the Company or who have not received
notice convening the said Meeting can access / download the notice from the website of the
Company at https://www.jswenergy.in/  ; the website of KFin at https://evoting.kfintech.com ,
and websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE viz. www.bseindia.com  and NSE viz.
www.nseindia.com .
iv. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, Regulation 44 of
the  LODR Regulations and in terms of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242
dated December 9, 2020 in relation to e-Voting Facility provided by Listed Entities, the Company
has engaged the services of KFin to provide the facility for voting by the equity shareholders through
remote e-voting, for participation in the Meeting through VC / OAVM and e-voting during the
Meeting.
v. However, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9,
- -Voting process has been enabled to
all the individual demat account holders , by way of single login credential, through their demat
accounts / websites of Depositories / DPs in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process.
7
 
 
 vi. Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register 
again with the e-Voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also ease and convenience of participating in e-Voting process. Shareholders 
are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with their DPs to access e-Voting facility. 
vii. The remote e-Voting period commences_ Thursday, 16th July, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends 
on Sunday, 19th July, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). Thereafter the remote e-Voting module shall be 
disabled for the Members.  
 
viii. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 230 and Section 232 read with Section 102 and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the CAA Rules in respect of the business set 
out in the Notice of the Meeting is annexed hereto.  
 
ix. A copy of this Notice and all the documents referred to therein and Explanatory Statement 
thereto will be available for inspection in electronic mode during the Meeting, and the same may 
be accessed by loging-in to https://evoting.kfintech.com/ . The said documents will also be 
available for inspection by the equity shareholders at the Registered Office of the Company 
between 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. on all working days of the Company up to the date of the 
meeting.  
 
x. If desired, equity shareholders may obtain a physical copy of the Notice and the accompanying 
documents, i.e., Scheme and the Explanatory Statement under Section 230 read with Section 102 
and other applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, free of charge, from the 
Registered Office Company on all working days, between 09:00 a.m. (IST) to 05:00 p.m. (IST) up 
to the date of the meeting. A written request in this regard, along with the details of your 
shareholding in the Company, may be addressed to the Company Secretary at 
jswel.investor@jsw.in . 
 
xi. The Notice convening the Meeting will be published through advertisement in English in Business 
Standard, all India editions and in Marathi in Navshakti having circulation in Maharashtra. 
 
xii. The Scheme shall be considered approved by the equity shareholders of the Company if the 
resolution mentioned in the Notice has been approved by majority of persons representing three-
fourth in value of the equity shareholders voting at the Meeting through VC / OAVM or by remote 
e-voting, in terms of the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act. 
 
xiii. In case of joint equity shareholders attending the Meeting, only such joint equity shareholder 
who is higher in the order of names will be entitled to vote at the Meeting. 
 
xiv. The voting rights of the equity shareholders shall be in proportion to their shareholding of the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on cut-off date, i.e. Monday, 13th July, 2026. 
 
xv. A person whose name is recorded as equity shareholder in the register of members or in the list 
of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled 
to avail the facility of remote e-voting as well as e-voting at the Meeting. 
 
 
xvi. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares 
of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding 
shares as on the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
8
evoting@Kfintech.com. However, if he / she is already registered with KFin for remote e-voting 
then he /she can use his / her existing User ID and password for casting the vote. 
xvii. In case of an Individual Shareholder holding securities in demat mode and who acquires shares
of the Company and becomes a member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding
shares as on the cut- ogin method for remote
e-
xviii.The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting and E-Meeting  are explained
herein below:
Step 1: Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares 
in demat mode.  
Step 2 -voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical and 
non-individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
Step 3: Access to join virtual meeting of the Company on KFin system to participate through VC 
/ OAVM and vote at the Meeting.   
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below: 
I) Login method for remote e-voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode.
Type of 
shareholders Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with National 
Securities 
Depositories 
Limited (NSDL)  1.User already registered for IDeAS facility:
I. Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com
II.
III. On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful authentication,
-
IV. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider and you will be re-directed
to e-Voting service provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-
Voting period.
2.User not registered for IDeAS e-Services
I. To register click on link : https://eservices.nsdl.com
II.
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
III. Proceed with completing the required fields.
IV. Follow steps given in points 1
. 
3.Alternatively by directly accessing the e-voting website of NSDL
I. Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
II.
III. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit
demat account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code
as shown on the screen.
9
 
 
 IV.Post successful authentication, you will b e requested to select the name of the 
company and the e-voting Service Provider name, i.e. KFin.  
V. On successful selection, you will be redirected to Kfin s e-voting page for casting 
your vote during the remote e-voting period.  
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with Central 
Depository 
Services (India) 
Limited (CDSL)  
 1. Existing user who have opted for Easi / Easiest  
I. Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login  or  
URL: www.cdslindia.com   
II. Click on New System Myeasi 
III. Login with your registered user id and password.  
IV. The user will see the e-voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ESP i.e. KFin e-
voting portal. 
V. Click on e-voting service provider name to cast your vote. 
 
2.  User not registered for Easi/Easiest  
I. Option to register is available at  
II.https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login  
Proceed with completing the required fields. 
III. Follow the steps given in point 1 
 
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-voting website of CDSL    
I. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com  
II. Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No.  
III. System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the demat Account. 
IV. After successful authentication, user will be provided links for the respective ESP, 
i.e KFin where the e- voting is in progress. 
Individual 
Shareholder 
login through 
their demat 
accounts / 
Website of 
Depository 
Participant I.You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
DP registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-voting facility. 
II. Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-voting option. Once you click on e- voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature.  
III. Click on options available against company name or e-voting service provider  
Kfin and you will be redirected to e-voting website of KFin for casting your vote 
during the remote e-voting period without any further authentication. 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forgot 
user ID and Forgot Password option available at respective websites.  
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type  Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login  cancontact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com  or call at toll free no.: 1800 
102 0990 
 
10
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800 22 55 33 
Details on Step 2 are mentioned below: 
II) Login method for e-
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
(A) Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company/ Depository Participants (s), will
receive an email from KFin which will include details of E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER
ID and password. They will have to follow the following process:
i. Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com/
ii. Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID
will be EVEN (E-Voting Event Number) 9806, followed by folio number. In case of Demat
account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you are already registered
with KFin for e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and password for casting the vote.
iii.
iv. You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatorily
change your password. The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with
at least one upper case (A- Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special
character (@,#,$, etc.,). The system will prompt you to change your password and update
your contact details like mobile number, email ID etc. on first login. You may also enter a
secret question and answer of your choice to retrieve your password in case you forget it.
It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password with any other person
and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
v. You need to login again with the new credentials.
vi. 9806- JSW
Energy Limited NCLT Convened Meeting of Equity Shareholders
vii. On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes)
as on the Cut-
en
together shall not exceed your total shareholding as mentioned herein above. You may
either head.
viii. Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process
separately for each folio/ demat accounts.
ix.
11
x.
you have voted on the resolution (s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During
the voting period, Members can login any number of times till they have voted on the
Resolution(s).
xi. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are also
required to send scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board
Resolution/Authority Letter etc., authorizing its representative to attend the Meeting
through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through remote e-voting. Together
with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to the
Scrutinizer at email id poojaguptacs@gmail.com   with a copy marked to
evoting@kfintech.com  with the subject line JSW Energy Limited NCLT Convened
Meeting of Equity Shareholders . The scanned image of the above-mentioned
JSWEL Even No. 9806
(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company / Depository Participants(s),
and consequently the Notice of Meeting and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will
have to follow the following process:
Procedure for Registration of email and Mobile: securities in physical mode 
Physical shareholders are hereby notified that based on SEBI Circular number: 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37, dated March 16th, 2023, all holders of physical 
securities in listed companies shall register the postal address with PIN for their corresponding 
folio numbers. It shall be mandatory for the security holders to provide mobile number. 
Moreover, to avail online services, the security holders can register e-mail ID. Holder can 
register/update the contact details through submitting the requisite ISR 1 form along with the 
supporting documents. 
ISR 1 Form can be obtained by following the link: 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/default.aspx  
ISR Form(s) and the supporting documents can be provided by any one of the following 
modes. 
a)
the original documents furnished by the investor and retain copy(ies) with IPV
stamping with date and initials; or
b) Through hard copies which are self-attested, which can be shared on the address
below; or
Name KFIN Technologies Limited  
Address Selenium Building, Tower-B,  
Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District,  
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana India - 500 032. 
12
 
 
 c) Through electronic mode with e-sign by following the link:  
 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/default.aspx#  
 
Detailed FAQ can be found on the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/faq.html  
 
For more information on updating the email and Mobile details for securities held in 
electronic mode, please reach out to the respective DP(s), where the DEMAT account is 
being held. 
 
After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all steps above to cast your vote by 
electronic means.  
Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:  
 
III) Instructions for all the shareholders, including Individual, other than Individual and 
Physical, for attending the Meeting of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting 
during the meeting.  
 
i. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the Meeting through VC / OAVM 
platform provided by KFin. Members may access the same at 
https://emeetings.kfintech.com/    by using the e-voting login credentials provided in the 
email received from the Company/KFin. After logging in, click on the Video Conference 
tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the 
meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that the members who do not have 
the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may 
retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting instructions mentioned above. 
 
ii. Facility for joining Meeting though VC/ OAVM shall open atleast 15 minutes before the 
commencement of the Meeting. 
 
iii.Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops/ Desktops with Google 
Chrome (preferred browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22. 
 
iv.Members will be required to grant access to the webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, 
Members connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective 
network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate 
any kind of aforesaid glitches.  
 
v. As the Meeting is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for the smooth conduct of 
proceedings of the Meeting, Members are encouraged to express their views / send their 
queries in advance mentioning their name, demat account number / folio number, email 
id. Questions /queries received by the Company till Sunday, 19th July, 2026 shall only be 
considered and responded during the Meeting. 
 
13
 
 
 vi.The Members who have not cast their vote through remote e-voting shall be eligible to 
cast their vote through e-voting system available during the Meeting. E-voting during the 
Meeting is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The Members may click on the voting 
icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes. 
 
vii.A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e., through Remote e-voting or voting 
at the Meeting. If a Member cast votes by both modes, then voting done through remote 
e-voting shall prevail and vote at the Meeting shall be treated as invalid.  
 
viii.Facility of joining the Meeting through VC / OAVM shall be available for atleast 2000 
members on first come first served basis. 
 
ix.Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at the Meeting through VC / 
OAVM.  
 
OTP BASED LOGIN 
 
-Meeting webpage. If Mobile # is not registered with folio, you are requested 
to follow the instructions below: 
 
1. For shareholders in demat mode, please reach out to your respective DP. 
 
2. For Physical shareholders, kindly submit the ISR 1 form with the required documents with KFin. 
 
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS  
 
I.Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak during the meeting may register 
themselves as speakers for the Meeting to express their views. They can visit 
https://emeetings.kfintech.com  and login through the user id and password provided in the 
Thursday, 16th July, 2026 from 09:00 a.m. (IST) to Sunday, 19th July, 2026 by 5:00 p.m. (IST). 
right to restrict the speakers at the Meeting to only those Members who have registered 
themselves, depending on the availability of time for the Meeting. 
 
II.Post your Question:  The Members who wish to post their questions prior to the meeting can 
do the same by visiting https://emeetings.kfintech.com. Please login through the user id and 
Thursday, 16th July, 2026 from 09:00 a.m. (IST) to 
Sunday, 19th July, 2026 by 5:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
III. In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by electronic means, Equity 
Shareholders may refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user 
manual available at the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com  
14
contact Ms. C Shobha Anand, at evoting@kfintech.com  1-800-309-
4001 for any further clarifications. 
IV. In case a person has become a Member of the Company after dispatch of Notice but on or
before the cut-off date for E-voting, he/she may obtain the User ID and Password in the
manner as mentioned below:
If e-mail address or mobile number of the member is registered against Folio No. / DP ID Client
ID, then on the home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/  , the M
Members who may require any technical assistance or support before or during the Meeting
are requested to contact KFin at toll free number 1-800-309-4001 or write to them at
evoting@kfintech.com .
V. The procedure for e-voting during the Meeting is same as the instructions mentioned above
for remote e-voting since the meeting is being held through VC / OAVM. The e-voting window
shall be activated upon instructions of the Chairperson of the Meeting during the Meeting. E-
voting during the Meeting is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform and no separate login is
required for the same.
VI. The Scrutinizer will, after the conclusion of e-voting at the Meeting, scrutinize the votes cast
at the Meeting and votes cast through remote e-
Report and submit the same to the Chairperson of the Meeting. The results of the
Meeting/electronic voting shall be announced by the Chairperson within two working days of
will be communicated to BSE and NSE, it will also be displayed at the Registered Office of the
https://www.jswenergy.in/ and on the website of KFin viz. https://evoting.kfintech.com/
VII. Equity shareholders are requested to carefully read all the Notes set out herein and in
particular, instructions for joining the Meeting, manner of casting vote through remote e-
voting or e-voting at the Meeting.
15
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, MUMBAI BENCH  
C.A.(CAA)/88/MB/2026
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232  
AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT BETWEEN GE POWER INDIA LIMITED AND 
JSW ENERGY LIMITED AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS  
EXPLANATORY  STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 230 AND 232 READ WITH SECTION 102 AND 
, SECRETARIAL 
STANDARD - 2 ON GENERAL MEETINGS AND RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, 
MEETING OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF JSW ENERGY LIMITED CONVENED PURSUANT TO THE 
MUMBAI BENCH 
2ND JUNE, 2026  
1. MEETING FOR THE SCHEME
This is a statement accompanying the Notice convening the meeting of equity shareholders of 
JSW Energy Limited Company
approving, with or without modification(s) the proposed Scheme of Arrangement between GE 
Power India Limited Demerged Company JSW Energy Limited ( Company Resulting 
Company Scheme . The Scheme provides, inter alia for: 
(i)the demerger, by way of transfer as a going concern, on an as is where is basis, and vesting
of the Demerged Undertaking from the Demerged Company to the Resulting Company in
accordance with Section 2(19AA), Section 47 and other relevant provisions of the Income Tax
Act, 1961 IT Act, Sections 230 to 232 and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 Act and rules made thereunder, and the relevant provisions of the Master Circular ( as
defined in the Scheme ) and the LODR Regulations ( as defined in the Scheme ), and consequent
issuance of Resulting Company New Shares (as defined in the Scheme)  by the Resulting
Company to Eligible Shareholders ( as defined in the Scheme ) of the Demerged Company in
accordance with the Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the Scheme ) in the manner set forth
in the Demerger
integrally connected therewith, each in the manner as more particularly described in the
Scheme.JSW Energy  Limited, a company 
incorporated under provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956, having Corporate 
Identity Number 
L74999MH1994PLC077041 and its 
registered office at JSW Centre, Bandra 
Kurla Complex Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 
051, Maharashtra, India ) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
)  
16
 
 
 The detailed terms of the arrangement may be referred in the Scheme, appended as Annexure 
I. 
 
2. DATE, TIME AND MODE OF MEETING 
 
Pursuant to the Tribunal Order, the meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company, will be 
held for the purpose of their considering and, if thought fit approving, with or without 
modification(s), the said Scheme through VC / other audio-video means 
OAVM on Monday, 20th July, 2026 at 10:30 a.m. (IST).  
 
3. RATIONALE AND BENEFITS OF THE SCHEME 
 
The circumstances which justify and/or have necessitated the said Scheme and the benefits of 
the same are, inter alia, as follows: 
 
1. The transfer and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking from the Demerged Company to 
the Resulting Company pursuant to this Scheme will, inter alia, result in the following benefits 
for the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company and their respective shareholders, 
employees and other stakeholders: 
 
(i) Demerged Company:  
(a) the Demerger allows the Demerged Company to focus on the strategic growth 
areas and services growth strategy; 
(b) the Demerger will enable the Demerged Company to focus on and enhance its 
Retained Business by streamlining its operations and cutting costs; 
(c) the Demerger will facilitate smoother transfer of the Demerged Business in terms 
of obtaining local approvals; and 
(d) the Demerger is the most optimum manner in which the Demerged Business could 
be transferred to the Resulting Company as it aids in unlocking and creation of 
value of the Demerged Business for the shareholders of the Demerged Company 
and giving them the flexibility to stay invested in the growth journey of the 
Demerged Undertaking. 
 
(ii) Resulting Company: 
(a) the Demerger provides an opportunity for the Resulting Company to enter into 
boiler pressure parts manufacturing business in alignment with the long-term 
vision of expanding into energy portfolio and extending footprint in a highly 
competitive and fast growing business; 
(b) the Demerger will create value for shareholders by acquiring ready to use assets 
which shall create operational efficiencies; 
(c) the Demerger will also result in vertical integration by securing a dedicated 
manufacturing facility for boiler pressure parts and reducing dependency on third-
party suppliers; 
(d) Demerger will create significant operational synergies within existing business 
verticals and across ongoing and upcoming thermal power projects, leading to 
economies of scale, enhancing cost efficiencies, and improving control over critical 
component requirements of thermal power assets; and 
(e) the Demerger will enable increased production capacity to support future thermal 
 
17
4. BACKGROUND OF THE COMPANIES:
A. Particulars of the Company
1. Resulting Company Company
(CIN) L74999MH1994PLC077041 was originally incorporated on 10th March, 1994 under the
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, Jindal Tractebel Power Company
was subsequently changed to
change of name was issued by Assistant Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 17th
upon change of name was issued by Deputy Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on
7th December, 2005. The shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock
Exchange of India Limited. Additionally, the Company has also issued certain Non-Convertible
NCDs gistered office of the Company is
situated at JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 051, Maharashtra,
India. Its permanent account number with the income tax department is AAACJ8109N. The
email address of the Company is jswel.investor@jsw.in  and website is
https://www.jswenergy.in/
During the last five years, there has been no change in the name and registered office of the
Company.
2. Main objects of the Company have been reproduced as below:
INCORPORATION ARE: 
1. To build, own and/or operate power plants either alone or in joint venture, especially in
India.
2. To generate, develop and accumulate electrical power at any place or places in India and
to transmit, distribute and supply such power.
3. To carry on the business of an electric power light and supply Company in all its branches
and in particular to construct, lay down, establish, fix and carry out all necessary power
stations, cables, wires, lines, accumulators, lamps and works, and to generate,
accumulate, distribute and supply electricity, and to light cities, towns, streets, docks,
markets, theatres, buildings and places both public and private.
4. To enter into joint venture agreement, either directly or indirectly, with TRACTEBEL, S.A.,a
Company incorporated under the Law of Belgium, having its Registered Office at 1 Place
Du-Trone, B-1000, Brussels Belgium) for the purpose of carrying out the above objects.
5. To build, own and/or operate, undertake, identify, formulate, design, develop, structure,
promote, aid, procure, establish, equip, manage, construct, erect, operate, maintain,
improve, control, regulate, modify, re-structure, re-organise, participate and/or assist in
the designing, development, construction, manufacture, implementation, commissioning,
18
operation and maintenance of power plants including nuclear and renewable energy 
power projects/plants (solar, wind or any other form/source of renewable energy) 
including pumped storage, and ancillary facilities and services for commercial use by itself, 
its members, shareholders and/or others, through itself or other companies promoted by 
the Company or promoters identified by the Company or through third parties or 
contractors and operators, on a commercial format by charging, demanding, collecting, 
auctioning, retaining and appropriating tariffs, charges, tolls, fees, prices, rents and all 
types of revenues, user fees from users of infrastructure facilities and projects and 
ancillary services and facilities, accept receivables towards dues, investments, returns, 
servicing / repayments of debts or capital, or such other mode of receivables and to 
provide Engineering, Procurement and Construction services, infrastructure and technical 
support, drive innovation, creating ecosystem and other infrastructure facilities as may 
be required for the purpose, either alone or in public private sector partnership mode or 
joint venture or any other formats as may be necessary and for this purpose to enter into 
all types of contracts with government and private entities through competitive bidding 
or any other mechanism and to engage in all businesses as may be related or ancillary to 
the aforesaid business areas. 
6. To generate, develop, accumulate, purchase and sell through itself or other companies
promoted by the Company or promoters identified by the Company or through third
parties or contractors and operators, of all forms of electrical power, both conventional
and non-conventional including coal, gas, lignite, oil, biomass, waste, thermal, nuclear,
solar, hydel, geo-hydel, green hydrogen, wind and tidal waves and to transmit, distribute
and supply such power or otherwise deal in all forms of electrical energy in all aspects.
7. To manufacture, deal in, let on hire, install, repair and maintain, through itself or other
companies promoted by the Company or promoters identified by the Company or through
third parties or contractors and operators, plant, machinery, equipment, appliances,
components, materials, articles, apparatus, things and associated infrastructure of any
nature whatsoever used or capable of being used in connection with generation, storage,
supply, accumulation, distribution and application of electrical, renewable, nuclear and
all other types of energy.
8. To undertake, carry on, engage in, either alone or jointly, through itself or other
companies promoted by the Company or promoters identified by the Company or through
third parties or contractors and operators, the business of manufacturers, producers,
assemblers, dealers, importers, exporters, stockists, distributors, agents or otherwise deal
in manufacture of energy storage including battery energy storage solutions (BESS), dry
batteries, button batteries, battery plates, battery separators, battery containers, cells
lids and any other battery components.
During the last five years, there have been changes in the objects clause of the Company. A 
certificate of incorporation consequent to such alteration of the objects clause(s) was issued by 
Assistant Registrar of Companies / Deputy Registrar of Companies / Registrar of Companies, on 
8th August, 2024.  
3. The Company is, inter alia, engaged in the business of generation of power, and other allied
activities, through itself and its subsidiaries.
19
 
 
 4. The share capital of the Company as on 29th May, 2026, is as follows:  
 
Particulars  Amount (in INR) 
Authorized  Share Capital  
500,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 10 each  5000,00,00,000  
TOTAL 5000,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Capital   
1,83,34,82,736  equity shares of INR 10 each fully paid up   
1833,48,27,360  
TOTAL 1833,48,27,360   
 
5. year ended 31st 
March, 2026, is annexed hereto and marked as Annexure II Colly .  
 
6. The details of promoters, promoter group, directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company as on the date of the Notice along with their addresses are mentioned herein below:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
Promoter & Promoter Group  
1.  Urmila Kailashkumar 
Kanoria Promoter Group 8/C IL Palazzo Little GIBBS RO 
Malabar Hill Club Mumbai - 400006  
2. Tarini Jindal Handa  Promoter Group   Villa Orbit Flat No 1201, 16 
Darbasha Lane, Nepean Sea Road, 
Mumbai  400036 
3. Seema Jajodia  Promoter Group  C 2 3rd Floor Westend VTC South 
Motibagh, South West Delhi  
110021 
4.  Sajjan Jindal Promoter  Jindal Villa, 36 Nepean Sea Road, 
Cumballa Hill, Mumbai  400026 
5. Abhyuday Jindal  Promoter Group  5 Aurangzeb Road Aurangzeb 
Road, Central Delhi, Delhi, India- 
110011 
6. Urmila Bhuwalka  Promoter Group  701/702 Nirman Kendra , 20 DR E 
Moses Road Mahalaxmi, Mumbai  
400011 
7. Nirmala Goel  Promoter Group  808 Mohan Kunj , DLF Colony, 
Behind Income Tax Colony, Rohtak 
Haryana  124001 
8. Arti Jindal  Promoter Group   House No  250 Loona Ice Factory, 
Wali Gali Ward No 2, Mandi 
Dabwali, Haryana - 125104 
9. Sangita Jindal  Promoter   Jindal Villa, 36 Nepean Sea Road, 
Cumballa Hill, Mumbai 400026 
10.  Saroj Bhartia Promoter Group  6-B Lane No.-6 GRE, EN Avenue 
Vasant Kunj Vasant Vihar Vasant 
Kunj South West Delhi Delhi  
110070 
20
 
 
 Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
11.  Tanvi Shete Promoter Group 402/502 Anand 42, Zigzag Road 
Pali Hill, Bandra, Mumbai - 400050 
12. Parth Jindal  Promoter Group  Jindal House, 32 Walkeshwar Road, 
Mumbai  400006 
13.  JSW Paints Limited Promoter Group  Jindal Mansion 5A, DR G 
Deshmukh Marg, Mumbai - 400026  
14. Tanvi Jindal Family Trust  
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tanvi 
Shete) Promoter Group  Jindal Mansion 5A, DR G Deshmukh 
Marg, Mumbai - 400026 
15. JSW Investments 
Private Limited Promoter   Jindal Mansion, 5 A Dr G 
Deshmukh Road, Mumbai - 400026 
16.  JSW Severfield 
Structures Limited Promoter Group  401 Grand Palladiom, 175 CST 
Road Kalina, Santacruz East  
Mumbai  400098 
17. PRJ Family Management 
Company Private 
Limited Promoter Group  6 Prithviraj Road, New Delhi, Delhi 
 110011 
18.  South West Mining 
Limited Promoter Group South West Mining Limited, JSW 
Mining Office Near Talur Cross, P O 
Vidyanagar, Toranagallu - 583275 
19.  Tarini Jindal Family 
Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tarini 
Jindal Handa) Promoter Group Jindal Mansion 5A, DR G Deshmukh 
Marg, Mumbai - 40002 
20. Epsilon Carbon Private 
Limited Promoter Group   Plot No 46 Upadrastha House, 46 
DR V B Gandhi Marg, Kala Ghoda 
Fort, Mumbai - 400001 
21. JSL Limited  Promoter Group  28 Najafgarh Road, New Delhi  
110015 
22.  Sajjan Jindal Family 
Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal) Promoter Group Jindal Mansion 5A, DR G Deshmukh 
Marg, Mumbai - 400026 
23. JSW Jaigarh Port Limited  Promoter Group  JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  40051 
24. Indusglobe 
Multiventutes Private 
Limited Promoter Group  Jindal Mansion, 5 A Dr G 
Deshmukh Road, Mumbai - 400026 
25. Virtuous Tradecorp 
Private Limited Promoter Group   Jindal Stainless Hissar Limited 
Complex, OP Jindal Marg, Hisar  
125005 
26. JTPM Metal Traders 
Private Limited Promoter Group  JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  40051 
27.  Sangita Jindal Family 
Trust Promoter Group Jindal Mansion, 5 A Dr G 
Deshmukh Road, Mumbai - 400026 
21
Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal) 
28.Neotrex Steel Limited  Promoter Group  Chikantapura Village, SURVEY NO 
86/2 86/3 86/4 87/5, Bellari Bellary 
Bellari 583115 
29.JSW Steel Limited  Promoter Group  JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  40051 
30.Nalwa Sons Investments 
Limited Promoter Group  28, Najafgarh Road, Moti Nagar 
Industrial Area, New Delhi - 110015  
31.Narmada Fintrade 
Private Limited Promoter Group  Empire Mills Complex, 414 
Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, 
Mumbai Maharashtra - 400013 
32. Parth Jindal Family Trust  
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Parth 
Jindal) Promoter Group Jindal Mansion, 5 A Dr G 
Deshmukh Road, Mumbai - 400026 
33.Sahyog Holdings Private 
Limited Promoter Group   JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai  
400051 
34.JSW Steel Coated 
Products Limited Promoter Group  JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  400051 
35. JSW Holdings Limited Promoter Group Jindal Mansion, 5 A DR. G. 
Deshmukh Marg, MUMBAI  
400026 
36.Siddeshwari Tradex 
Private Limited Promoter Group  28 Najafgarh Road, New Delhi  
110015 
37.JSW Cement Limited  Promoter Group  JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  400051 
38. Amba River Coke 
Limited Promoter Group JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai  400051 
39.Sajjan Jindal Lineage 
Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal) Promoter Group  Jindal Mansion, 5 A DR. G. 
Deshmukh Marg, MUMBAI  
400026 
40.Sarika Jhunjhu nwala Promoter Group  HOUSE 3 & 4 27 29 Consort Rise 
Pok FU LAM HK Hongkong 999999 
41. Prithavi Raj Jindal Promoter  Villa P12/Frond P Villa 12, PO Box: 
92130, Dubai, UAE 
42.Ratan Jindal  Promoter Group   House No. 5, Dr. APJ Abdu l Kalam 
Road, New Delhi - 110011 
Directors & Key Managerial Personnel 
1.Sajjan Jindal  Executive Director -
Chairperson related 
to Promoter-
Managing Director Jindal Villa,  36 Nepean Sea Road, 
Cumballa Hill, Mumbai  400026 
2.Rupa Devi Singh  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  2103, Building no. 1, Dheeraj 
Gaurav Heights, Off Link Road, 
22
 
 
 Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
Opp. Infinity Mall, Andheri West, 
Mumbai - 400053  
3. Sunil Badriprasad Goyal  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  731/A, Akshay Giri Kunj - III, 
Paliram Road, Behind BMC Office, 
Andheri West, Mumbai - 400058  
4. Munesh Narinder 
Khanna Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  Ground Floor, Beachwood House, 
Jussawala Wadi, Oberoi Enclave, 
Juhu, Mumbai 400049  
5.  Parth Sajjan Jindal Non-Executive - Non 
Independent Director  Jindal House, 32, Walkeshwar 
Road, Malabar Hill, Mumbai, 
400006  
6.  Rajeev Sharma Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  L1/4, 1st floor, Hauz Khas Enclave, 
New Delhi - 110016  
7. Desh Verma  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  10, Teen Murti Lane South Avenue, 
Central Delhi, Delhi - 110011 
8. Ajoy Mehta  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  5-B Samta Co.Op. Housg. Soci. Ltd. 
Gen. Jagannath Bhosale Marg, 
Nariman Point, Mumbai-400021 
9.  Sharad Mahendra Executive Director-
CEO G/1601, Kanakia Paris, F Block, Opp 
Ascend International School, BKC, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
10.  Rajiv Chaudhri J Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  5342, Fisher Island, DR Unit, Miami 
Beach, Florida, United States - 
331090303 
11. Chandrasekaran  
Prabhakaran Chief Financial 
Officer Plot No. 27, Jain Nagar, 2nd Street, 
Hastinapuram, Chennai, Tamil 
Nadu 600064 
12. Monica Chopra  Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer  Flat 5, 3rd Floor, Ashish Bldg, S.V. 
Road, Santacruz (West) Mumbai-
400054 
 
B. Particulars of the Demerged Company  
 
1. GE Power India Limited Demerged  Company having Corporate Identity Number (CIN) 
L74140MH1992PLC068379 was incorporated on 2nd September, 1992, under the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 1956, 
Deputy Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 19th November, 1999. The name of 
Po
issued by Deputy Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 5th September, 2000. The 
was issued by Deputy Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 11th November, 2002. 
23
 
 
 issued by Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 6th June, 2012. The name of the 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 5th August, 2016. The shares of the Demerged 
Company are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The 
registered office of the Demerged Company is situated at Regus Magnum Business Centers 
Private Limited, 11th Floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59 BKC, Bandra (East), Mumbai  400 051, 
Maharashtra, India. Its permanent account number with the income tax department is 
AABCA8679F. The email address of the Demerged Company is in.investor-
relations@gevernova.com  and website is https://www.gevernova.com/regions/asia/in/ge-
power-india-limited     
 
During the last five years, there has been no change in the name of the Demerged Company. 
The registered office of the Demerged Company was relocated from Unit No 211-212, 2nd Floor, 
The Capital, G Block, Plot No. C-70, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai  400051 to 
Regus Magnum Business Centers, 9th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59 BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra  400 051, India, w.e.f. 14th August, 2021. Subsequently, the registered office of 
the Demerged Company was shifted within the same state from Regus Magnum Business 
Centers, 9th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59 BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra  400051 
to Regus Magnum Business Centers Private Limited, 11th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59 BKC, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra  400051 w.e.f. 1st  July, 2022. 
 
2. Main objects of the Demerged Company have been reproduced as below:  
 
INCORPORATION:  
 
1  To carry on the business of Management Advisers and Consultants on all matters and 
problems relating to the administration, organisation, management, commencement or 
expansion of industry and business, production, purchase, sales, marketing, 
advertisement, publicity, personnel, export and import, human resources development 
to various industries and industrial concerns, firms, societies, corporation, government, 
public and local authorities, trusts, scientific research and development centres and any 
other commercial or non commercial undertakings in India and abroad. 
 
(1A) To manufacture, buy, sell, exchange, alter, improve, service, erect and commission, 
manipulate, prepare for market, import or export or otherwise deal in all kinds of power 
plants and power generation equipment including but not restricting to steam turbine, 
gas turbine, hydro turbine, generators, condensers, exchangers and power plant 
auxiliaries, steam generators and steam generator systems and all relating to power 
generation or generation of electricity business in India and abroad. 
24
 
 
  
(1B)  To carry on the business of electric engineers, hydraulic engineers, power plant 
engineers and all and every work connected with the same and carry on the business of 
electrical, mechanical and consulting engineers, supplier of electricity for the purpose of 
light, heat, motive power or otherwise, manufacturers of and dealers in machinery, 
apparatus, instruments and things required for or capable of being used in connection 
with generation of electricity in India and abroad. 
 
(1C)  To design, engineer, manufacture, produce, install, market, erect, sell, operate, lease, 
license, buy, import, export, overhaul, maintain, distribute, commission, supervise, trade 
in and deal with:  
a) railway transport equipment, and  
b) all services in connection with (a) above, and  
c) turnkey or otherwise projects for railway transport equipment  
and to engage in any activities which for technical industrial or commercial reasons be 
directly or indirectly appurtenant to foregoing or contribute to the development thereof. 
 
(1D)  To design, engineer, manufacture, produce, install, market, erect, sell, operate, lease, 
license, buy, import, export, overhaul, maintain, distribute, commission, supervise, trade 
in and deal with, in general, all manner of services and products regarding transport 
equipment. 
 
(1E)  To engineer, set up, build, purchase, lease, establish and operate manufacturing plants, 
factories and facilities, processing plants, marketing and distributing and operating 
systems and to import, export, buy, sell, market, trade in and deal with plant, machinery, 
equipment, materials necessary to set up, build, purchase, service, maintain and 
establish the above for the objects set out in clauses (1C) and (1D) herein above. 
 
(1F)  To carry out any and all activities of research and development of or relating to 
transportation equipment and related development. 
 
(1G)  To carry on all or any of the trades or business of electrical, electronic, mechanical, civil, 
hydraulic, nuclear, constructional and general engineers and every branch thereof and 
25
contractors for the design, manufacture and supply of equipment, apparatus and 
systems of every kind in connection therewith; and for the erection, construction, repair 
and maintenance of buildings, premises, plant, machinery and public or private works 
of all kinds, in particular in the field of industrial, oil and tertiary sectors and in 
connection with generation, transmission, distribution, control, supply, accumulation 
and employment of electricity and energy of every kind. 
(1H)  To design, develop, fabricate, manufacture, assemble, export, import, install, service, 
maintain, repair, lease, licence, market, buy, sell, distribute, trade in and deal with either 
as principal or as agent, and to act as consultants and render services in connection with 
all kinds of telecommunication equipments, including terminal 3 equipments, exchange 
equipments, data processing, electronic, mechanical transmission, terminal and 
equipments, microwave, radio wave and satellite products and system industries, 
telephone instruments, switching exchanges, transmission lines, and equipments and all 
components, accessories, spare parts, kits and subassemblies thereof and to engage any 
activity which may for technical, industrial or commercial reasons, directly or indirectly 
be appurtenant to the foregoing or contribute to development thereof. 
(1I)  To carry on business as manufacturers of water-tube steam boilers and machinery of 
every or any description, and generally the business of engineers and manufactures of 
machinery of every description, and to buy, sell, manufacture, manipulate and deal in 
ores, metals, ironstone, and materials and apparatus of all kinds which can conveniently 
be dealt in by the Company in connection with any of its objects and to purchase, apply 
for or otherwise acquire, in India and elsewhere letters, patent or patent rights, and 
licenses and to purchase or otherwise acquire, use and register trade marks to carry on 
the business, whether manufacturing or otherwise, which can be conveniently carried 
ted 
property or rights for the time being or which it may be deemed advantageous to the 
Company to obtain or acquire. 
(1J)  To crush, win, get, quarry, smelt, refine, manufacture, grow, produce, treat and prepare 
for market and deal in ores, metals, chemicals, mineral, vegetable and animal 
26
substances and oils, timber, fabrics, yarns, fibres, cellulose of all kinds, and their 
respective derivatives and by-products and all machinery, tools and apparatus used in 
connection therewith and to carry on any business relating to the connection therewith 
and to carry on any business relating to the winning, production, treatment, working or 
use thereof and the preparation thereof for market, and to carry on business as 
engineers, iron masters, iron founders, patent fuel manufacturers, steel makers, steel 
workers, brass founders, colliery proprietors, coke manufacturers, miners, smelters, tin 
plate makers, brick makers, farmers, distillers, die-makers, metallurgists, chemists, gas 
products and suppliers of petrol, oil, spirit and other motive power, and to make, 
purchase, hire, let out and sell railway and other plant, fittings, machinery, rolling stock, 
stock-in-  
During the last five years, there has been no change in the objects clause of the Company. 
3. The Demerged Company is inter alia , engaged in the business of design, development,
engineering, project management, manufacturing, supply, construction, commissioning, repairs
and modernization (R&M), services, retrofit and upgrades of boiler, coal mills, pressure vessels,
critical piping for steam turbine applications, steam turbine and generator spares and
components, air quality control systems, automation systems, and power electronics for
thermal power plants and industrial application.
4. The share capital of the Demerged Company as on 29th May, 2026 is as follows:
Particulars  Amount in INR  
Authorised Share Capital  
19,50,00,000 equity shares of INR 10 each 195,00,00,000  
4,05,00,000 preference shares of INR 100 each  405,00,00,000  
Total 600,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital  
6,72,27,471 equity shares of INR 10 each  fully paid up  67,22,74,710  
Total 67,22,74,710  
5. year
ended 31st March, 2026, are annexed hereto and marked as Annexure II Colly .
6. The details of promoters, promoter group, directors and key managerial personnel of the
Demerged Company as on date of this Notice along with their addresses are mentioned herein
below:
Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
Promoter & Promoter Group 
1.GE Steam Power 
International B.V. Promoter  Koopmansstraat 7, Rijswijk, 
Netherlands, Postal Code 2288 BC 
27
 
 
 Sr. 
No. Name Category Address 
2. GE Renewable Holding 
B.V. Promoter Group Regus Breda Business Park, 
Verlengde Poolseweg 16, Breda, 
Netherlands, Postal code 4818 CL 
3. GE Power Global B.V. Promoter Group Regus Breda Business Park, 
Verlengde Poolseweg 16, Breda, 
Netherlands, Postal code 4818 CL 
4. GE Power Netherlands 
B.V. Promoter Group  Westervoortsedijk 73 KB, Arnhem, 
Netherlands, Postal code 6827 AV  
5. GE Vernova Holdings 
LLC Promoter Group 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, 
Massachusetts, United States, Postal 
code 02141  
6. GE Vernova Inc. Promoter Group 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, 
Massachusetts, United States, Postal 
code 02141  
7. NTPC GE Power 
Services Private Limited Promoter Group  NTPC Bhawan, Scope Complex, 7, 
Institutional Ara, New Delhi, India, 
Postal code 110003  
8. GE Power Service Korea 
Ltd. Promoter Group Level 4, Gangnam Finance Center, 
152 Teheran-ro, Gangnam- gu, Seoul, 
Korea, Republic Of (South), Postal 
Code 06236  
9. GE Steam Power FZ -LLC Promoter Group  402 - SUB1, 4th Floor, Building 24, 
Dubai Internet City, Dubai, United 
Arab Emirates  
10. GE Power Boilers 
Services Limited Promoter Group Space No. ESNT 2A 0602, 6th Floor 
ECOSPACE- II, Ecospace Business 
Park, Premise No.2F/11, Action area 
 II, New Town, Rajarhat, Kolkata  
700 160  
Directors  & key Managerial Personnels  
1. Mr. Craig Martin 
Richards Non-Executive - Non-
Independent Director-
Chairperson Oberer Ziegelhau 11, 5400, Baden 
2. Mr. Puneet Bhatla  Executive Director -
Managing Director Pocket-B-28- C, Gangotri Enclave, 
Alaknanda, New Delhi- 110019
3. Mr. Ashok Kumar Barat Non-Executive - 
Independent Director 8th Floor, 804, T5 Ariana, Emerald 
Isle, Saki Vihar Road,   L and T, Gate 
No, 5, Powai, Mumbai, Maharashtra-
400072 
4. Ms. Shukla Wassan  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director Flat No. D - 214, The Belaire, DLF city 
Phase V, Gurugram-122011 
5. Mr. Neeraj Kumar 
Nanda Non-Executive - 
Independent Director A-23, Lajpat Nagar II, New Delhi, 
Lajpat Nagar S.O, South Delhi, Delhi, 
110024 
 
 
 
28
5. SALIENT FEATURES OF THE SCHEME
The salient features of the Scheme are, inter-alia, as stated below. The capitalized terms used 
herein shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in Clause 1 of Part I of the Scheme: 
a) The Scheme provides for: (i) the demerger, by way of transfer as a going concern, on an as
is where is basis, and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme)  from
the Demerged Company to the Resulting Company in accordance with Section 2(19AA),
Section 47 and other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961,  Sections 230 to 232
and other relevant provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, and the relevant
provisions of the Master Circular ( as defined in the Scheme ) and the LODR Regulations ( as
defined in the Scheme ), and the consequent issuance of Resulting Company New Shares ( as
defined in the Scheme ) by the Resulting Company to Eligible Shareholders ( as defined in the
Scheme) of the Demerged Company in accordance with the Share Entitlement Ratio ( as
defined in the Scheme ) in the manner set forth in this Scheme; and (ii) various other matters
consequential or otherwise integrally connected therewith, each in the manner as more
particularly as described in the Scheme.
b) The Appointed Date of the Scheme is the opening business hours of 1st July, 2025, or such
other date as may be mutually agreed by the Boards of the Demerged Company and the
Company or such other date as the NCLT may direct or allow.
c) The Effective Date of the Scheme means the last of the dates on which all the conditions
precedent and matters referred to in Clause 13 of the Scheme occur or have been fulfilled,
obtained or waived, as applicable, in accordance with the Scheme.
d) The Scheme as may be approved or directed by the Tribunal, shall become operative on and
from the Effective Date, and the Demerged Undertaking shall stand transferred and be
vested in the Resulting Company on and from and with effect from the Appointed Date.
e) Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme and in consideration of the transfer and vesting
of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the Company in terms of the
Scheme, the Company shall, without any further application, act or deed, issue and allot
Resulting Company New Equity Shares
Eligible Shareholders, or to their respective heirs, executors, administrators, other legal
representative or other successors in the title in the following manner:
10 (ten) fully paid up equity shares of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) each  of the Resulting 
Company shall be issued and allotted  for every 139 (one hundred and thirty nine) fully paid-
up equity shares of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) each held in the Demerged Company which 
shall be adjusted, without any further approval from the Government Authority, for any 
restructuring of share capital of the Demerged Company and/or the Resulting Company by 
way of share split/ consolidation/ issue of bonus shares, buyback/ capital reduction/ 
preferential issue/ issue of shares on conversion of loans, debentures, preference shares, 
except issuance of shares on account of employee stock options during the pendency of the 
Share Entitlement Ratio  
Note: The above details are the salient features of the Scheme. The shareholders are 
requested to read the entire text of the Scheme annexed hereto to get fully acquainted with 
the provisions thereof. 
29
6. RELATIONSHIP SUBSISTING BETWEEN PARTIES TO THE SCHEME
The Company and the Demerged Company are not related to each other. 
7.BOARD APPROVALS
i. The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 18th September, 2025, based on
the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Committee of Independent Directors,
approved the Scheme, as detailed below:
Name of Director  Designation  Voted in favour / against / did 
not participate or vote 
Mr. Sharad Mahendra  Jt. Managing Director and CEO Favour 
Mr. Pritesh Vinay  Director (Finance)  Favour 
Mr. Sunil Goyal Independent Director  Favour 
Ms. Rupa Devi Singh Independent Director  Favour 
Mr. Rajeev Sharma  Independent Director  Favour 
Mr. Desh Deepak Verma  Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Ajoy Mehta Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Rajiv Chaudhri Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Sajjan Jindal  Managing Director  Did not participate  
Mr. Parth Jindal  Director Did not participate  
Mr. Munesh Khanna  Independent Director  Did not participate  
ii. The Board of Directors of the Demerged Company at its meeting held on 18th September, 2025,
based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Committee of Independent
Directors, approved the Scheme, as detailed below:
Name of Director  Designation  Voted in favour / against / did 
not participate or vote 
Mr. Craig Martin 
Richards Chairman - Non-Executive, Non -
Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Puneet Bhatla  Managing Director  Favour 
Mr. Aashish Ghai Whole-time Director & Chief 
Financial Officer* Favour 
Ms. Shukla Wassan Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Neeraj Kumar 
Nanda Independent Director Favour 
Mr. Ashok Kumar Barat  Independent Director  Favour 
*resigned with effect from 13th May 2026
8.INTEREST OF DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMPs) AND THEIR RELATIVES
None of the Directors, KMPs (as defined under the Act and rules framed thereunder) of the 
Company and the Demerged Company and their respective relatives (as defined under the Act 
and rules framed thereunder) have any interest in the Scheme except to the extent of their 
shareholding in the Company, if any. 
30
9. EFFECT OF SCHEME ON STAKEHOLDERS
The effect of the Scheme on various stakeholders is summarised below:
i. Shareholders:
(a) The Company will issue equity shares to the shareholders of the Demerged Company in terms
of the Scheme. The Scheme is expected to have several benefits for the Company and the
Demerged Company, as indicated in the rationale of the Scheme, and is expected to be in the
best interests of their respective shareholders. Upon issuance of equity shares pursuant to the
Scheme, there will only be a nominal dilution in the existing shareholding of the shareholders
in the Company. Thus, there is no adverse effect of the Scheme on the equity shareholders
(promoters and non-promoter shareholders) of the Company. The impact of the Scheme on the
shareholders, including the public shareholders, would be the same in all respects and no
shareholder is expected to have any disproportionate advantage or disadvantage in any
manner.
(b) After the effectiveness of the Scheme and subject to receipt of regulatory approvals, the equity
shares issued as consideration pursuant to the Scheme, shall be listed on the stock exchanges.
ii. Key Managerial Personnel:
None of the KMPs of the Company and the Demerged Company have any interest in the Scheme
except to the extent of the shares held by them, if any, in the respective companies. There shall
be no effect of the Scheme on KMPs of the Company and the Demerged Company, pursuant to
the Scheme.
iii. Holders of Non- NCDs
(a) Impact: The holders of the NCDs in the Company shall continue to hold the NCDs in the
Company even post the Scheme becoming effective on the same terms and conditions at which
they were issued. The liability of the Company towards the NCD holders of the Company is
neither being reduced nor being extinguished under the Scheme. Thus, the rights of the holders
of the NCDs are in no manner affected by the Scheme.
(b) Safeguards for the protection of the holders of NCDs: Pursuant to the Scheme, the holders of
NCDs of the Company as on the Effective Date shall continue to hold the same NCDs, without
any interruption, on the same terms, including the coupon rate, tenure, redemption price,
quantum, and nature of security, ISIN, etc.
(c) Exit offer to the dissenting holders of NCDs, if any: As the Scheme does not in any manner affect
the interest of the holders of NCD, nor does it impact the ability of the Company to discharge
its obligations towards the NCDs, no safeguards are being proposed under the Scheme, nor is
any exit offer being offered to the dissenting holders of NCDs. However, the NCDs of the
Company, as on the Effective Date, will continue to be freely tradable and listed on BSE, thereby
providing exit option and liquidity to the holders of such NCDs.
31
(d) In view of the above, the Scheme will not have any adverse impact on the holders of NCDs of
the Company. Further, the debenture trustees will continue to be debenture trustees of the
Company.
(e) There are no NCDs in the Demerged Company. The Demerged Company has not appointed any
debenture trustees.
The effect of the Scheme on the shareholders, KMPs, NCD holders of the Company and the
Demerged Company, as applicable, adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the
Company and the Demerged Company at their meeting held on 18th September, 2025, pursuant
to the provisions of Section 232(2)(c) of the Act are annexed hereto as Annexure III Colly .
iv. Directors:
(a) The Scheme will have no effect on the office of existing Directors of the Company and the
Demerged Company, and they will continue to be Directors of the Company and the Demerged
Company, respectively, as before.
(b) It is clarified that the composition of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Demerged
Company may change by appointments, retirements or resignations in accordance with the
provisions of the Act, LODR Regulations and Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
Company and the Demerged Company, as may be applicable but the Scheme itself does not
affect the office of the directors of the Company and the Demerged Company.
(c) The effect of the Scheme on Directors of the Company and the Demerged Company in their
capacity as shareholders of such companies is the same as in case of other shareholders of the
Company, as mentioned in the aforesaid reports annexed as Annexure III Colly  above.
v. Employees:
(a) Pursuant to the Scheme, the Company will engage, without any interruption in service, all
employees engaged in or in relation to the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company,
on the terms and conditions not less favorable than those on which they are engaged by the
Demerged Company.
(b) Apart from the above, employees engaged in the Company and the Demerged Company will
continue to be employees of the Company and the Demerged Company, respectively, on the
same terms and conditions, as before.
vi. Creditors and/or other lenders of the Company:
(a) Under the Scheme, there is no arrangement with the creditors and/or other lenders of the
Company. The liability of the Company towards such creditors and/or other lenders is neither
being reduced nor being extinguished under the Scheme and shall be paid off in the ordinary
course of business. The creditors of the Demerged Company forming a part of the Demerged
Undertaking will become creditors of the Company, on the same terms and conditions as were
applicable to the Demerged Company, post the Scheme becoming effective.
32
(b) Apart from the above, creditors of the Demerged Company and the Company will continue to
be creditors of the Demerged Company and the Company, respectively, on the same terms and
conditions, as before.
vii. Depositors and Deposit Trustees:
The Company and the Demerged Company have not taken any public deposits. The Company
and the Demerged Company has not appointed any deposit trustees.
There will be no adverse effect on account of the Scheme on the aforesaid stakeholders. The
Scheme will be advantageous and beneficial to the Company, its shareholders and other
stakeholders and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable.
10. NO INVESTIGATION PROCEEDINGS
There are no proceedings pending under Sections 210 to 227 of the Act against the Company
and the Demerged Company.
11. AMOUNTS DUE TO UNSECURED CREDITORS
i. The amount due to unsecured creditors of the Company and the Demerged Company as on 31st 
May, 2026, is as follows:
Sl. No. Particulars in INR  
1. GE Power India Limited  2,70,81,48,282 
2. JSW Energy Limited  
66,97,77,31,708 
ii. The Scheme embodies the arrangement between the Company, the Demerged Company, and
its shareholders. No change in value or terms or any compromise or arrangement is proposed
under the Scheme with any of the creditors of the Company and the Demerged Company.
12. DEBT RESTRUCTURING
There is no debt restructuring envisaged in the Scheme.
Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date and subject to
the provisions of this Scheme and pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and in accordance
with Section 2(19AA) of the Income Tax Act, 1961, the Demerged Undertaking along with all its
assets, liabilities, obligations, etc. shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, be
demerged from the Demerged Company and transferred to and be vested in or be deemed to
have been vested in the Company as a going concern so as to become as and from the
Appointed Date, the assets, liabilities, obligations, etc., of the Company by virtue of, and in the
manner provided in the Scheme. Further, the holders of the NCDs in the Company shall continue
to hold the NCDs in the Company even post the Scheme becoming effective on the same terms
and conditions at which they were issued.
33
Details of existing and expected debt structure (standalone) is given below: 
 (Rs. in crores) 
Existing Expected 
A.Long Term Debts
Debentures-NCD's  2,500 2,500 
Term Loans  3,604.08 3,604.08 
 Long term debts 6,104.08 6,104.08 
B.Working capital
Commercial Papers  - - 
Working Capital demand loan  - - 
 Short term debts - - 
 Total debt 6,104.08 6,104.08 
13. VALUATION REPORT AND FAIRNESS OPINION
i. A copy of the joint share entitlement ratio report dated 18th September, 2025 issued by RBSA
Valuation Advisors LLP, Registered Valuer (Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/05/2019/110) and GT
Valuation Advisors Private Limited, Registered Valuer (Registration No. IBBI/RV-
E/05/2020/134), thereto, issued from time to time, in connection with the Scheme is annexed
hereto as Annexure IV .
ii. Copy of the fairness opinion issued by IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited, an Independent
SEBI registered Merchant Banker (SEBI Merchant Registration No. MB/INM000010866) to the
Demerged Company and copy of the Fairness Opinion issued by 3Dimension Capital Services
Limited, an Independent SEBI registered Merchant Banker (SEBI Merchant Registration No.
INM000012528) to the Resulting Company, has also confirmed that the share entitlement ratio
as stated in the joint share entitlement ratio report is fair and reasonable are annexed hereto
as Annexure V Colly .
14. SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
A.The pre / post-arrangement shareholding pattern of the parties to the Scheme:
i. The Company
(a) The pre-equity shareholding of the Company is as follows (based on shareholding data as 29th
May, 2026:
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares % 
(A) Shareholding of Promoter 
and Promoter Group 
1 Indian 
Nirmala Goel  1,13,750 0.01 
34
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
,(a) Individuals/ Hindu Undivided 
Family Parth Jindal  1,76,27,225  0.96 
Arti Jindal 10 0 
Saroj Bhartia  1,50,000 0.01 
Abhyuday Jindal  370 0 
Urmila Kailashkumar 
Kanoria 75,000 0 
Tarini Jindal Handa  2,50,52,225  1.37 
Tanvi Shete  2,50,52,757  1.37 
Sangita Jindal 100 0 
Urmila Bhuwalka  1,65,000 0.01 
Seema Jajodia  30,08,027  0.16 
Sajjan Jindal  100 0 
(b) Central Government/ State 
Government(s)  - - - 
(c) Financial Institutions/ Banks - 
(d) Any Others  Narmada Fintrade 
Private Limited 54,990 0 
JSW Severfield Structures 
Limited 5,000 0 
South West Mining 
Limited 3,14,000 0.02 
Parth Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Parth 
Jindal) 100 0 
JTPM Metal Traders 
Private Limited 1,42,23,809  0.78 
Sahyog Holdings Private 
Limited 100 0 
Amba River Coke Limited  71,38,640  0.39 
Tarini Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tarini 
Jindal Handa) 100 0 
35
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
Sajjan Jindal Lineage 
Trust (Trustees Sajjan 
Jindal, Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Cement Limited  26,29,610  0.14 
JSW Steel Coated 
Products Ltd 90,31,770  0.49 
Virtuous Tradecorp 
Private Limited 8,55,99,613  4.67 
JSL Limited  14,53,32,820  7.93 
JSW Steel Limited  8,53,63,090  4.66 
Nalwa Sons Investments 
Limited 370 0 
Sajjan Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Investments Private 
Limited 31,14,92,694  16.99 
Tanvi Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tanvi 
Shete) 100 0 
Neotrex Steel Private 
Limited 72,000 0 
Siddeshwari Tradex 
Private Limited 23,09,32,433  12.6 
Sangita Jindal Family 
Trust (Trustees Sajjan 
Jindal, Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Jaigarh Port Limited  1,05,000 0.01 
JSW Holdings Limited  445 0 
PRJ Family Management 
Company Private Limited  360 0 
JSW Paints Limited 5,000 0 
Epsilon Carbon Private 
Limited 66,670 0 
36
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
Indusglobe 
Multiventures Private 
Limited 25,59,86,044  13.96 
Sub Total(A)(1)  1,21,95,99,622  66.52 
2 Foreign 
(a) Individuals (Non - 
Residents Individuals/ 
Foreign Individuals) Sarika Jhunjhunwala  2,20,000 0.01 
Ratan Jindal -  - 
Prithavi Raj Jindal  - - 
(b) Bodies Corporate  - - - 
(c) Institutions  - - - 
(d) Any Others  - - - 
Sub Total(A)(2)  2,20,000 0.01 
Total Shareholding of 
Promoter and Promoter 
Group (A) = (A)(1)+(A)(2) 1,21,98,19,622  66.53 
(B) Public shareholding  
1 Institutions  
(a) Mutual Funds 13,61,95,790  7.43 
(b) Financial Institutions / Banks  10,78,882  0.06 
(c) Central Government/  
State Government(s) - - 
(d) Venture Capital Funds  - - 
(e) Insurance Companies  14,62,49,949  7.98 
(f) Foreign Institutional 
Investors - - 
(g) Foreign Venture Capital 
Investors - - 
(h) Any Other  - - 
37
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
(i) Alternate Investment Funds  9,16,370 0.05 
(j) Provident Funds/Pension 
Funds 1,23,72,486  0.67 
(k) Sovereign Wealth Funds 6,08,220  0.03 
(l) NBFC Registered with RBI  9,165 0.00 
(m) Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category I 18,00,45,000  9.82 
(n) Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category II 2,83,28,224  1.55 
(o) Shareholding by Companies 
or Bodies Corporate where 
Central / State Government 
is a promoter 2,504 0.00 
(p) Asset Reconstruction 
Companies 0 0 
Sub-Total (B)(1)  50,58,06,590  27.59 
2 Non-institutions  
(a) Bodies Corporate  3,56,88,362  1.95 
(b) Individuals  
I Individuals -i. Resident 
Individual shareholders 
holding nominal share 
capital up to Rs 2 lakh 5,43,22,444  2.96 
II ii. Resident Individual 
shareholders holding 
nominal share capital in 
excess of Rs. 2 lakh. 95,62,604  0.52 
(c) Any Other 
38
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
I Directors and their relatives 
(excluding independent 
directors and nominee 
directors) 1,33,458 0.01 
II Key Managerial Personnel  95,413 0.01 
III Relatives of promoters 
(other than 'immediate 
relatives' of promoters 
disclosed under 'Promoter 
and Promoter Group' 
category) 0 0 
IV Trusts where any person 
belonging to 'Promoter and 
Promoter Group' category is 
'trustee', 'beneficiary', or 
'author of the trust' 2,53,520 0.01 
V Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF) 2,36,102 0.01 
VI Non Resident Indians (NRIs)  36,00,341  0.2 
VII Foreign Nationals  25 0 
VIII Foreign Companies  
IX Clearing Members  22,243 0 
X H U F 28,10,567  0.15 
XI TRUSTS 30,470 0.00 
Sub-Total (B)(2)  
(B) Total Public 
Shareholding(B)= 
(B)(1)+(B)(2) 10,67,55,549  5.82 
TOTAL (A)+(B)  61,25,62,139  33.41 
(C) Shares held by  - - 
39
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Pre-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
Custodians and against 
which DRs have been issued  
(D) Non- Promoter Non -Public 
shareholding 
Employee Benefit Trust 
(under SEBI(Share based 
Employee Benefit) 
Regulations 2014) 11,00,975  0.06 
Sub-Total (D) 11,00,975  0.06 
GRAND TOTAL 
(A)+(B)+(C)+(D) 1,83,34,82,736  100.00 
(b) Post demerger shareholding of the Company (equity) is as follows (based on shareholding data
as on 29th May, 2026:
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
(A) Shareholding of Promoter 
and Promoter Group 
1 Indian 
(a) Individuals/ Hindu Undivided 
Family Nirmala Goel 1,13,750 0.01 
Parth Jindal  1,76,27,225  0.96 
Arti Jindal  10 0 
Saroj Bhartia  1,50,000 0.01 
Abhyuday Jindal  370 0 
Urmila Kailashkumar 
Kanoria 75,000 0 
Tarini Jindal Handa 2,50,52,225 1.36 
Tanvi Shete  2,50,52,757  1.36 
Sangita Jindal  100 0 
Urmila Bhuwalka  1,65,000 0.01 
Seema Jajodia  30,08,027  0.16 
40
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
Sajjan Jindal  100 0 
(b) Central Government/ State 
Government(s)  - - - 
(c) Financial Institutions/ Banks - 
(d) Any Others  Narmada Fintrade 
Private Limited 54,990 0 
JSW Severfield Structures 
Limited 5,000 0 
South West Mining 
Limited 3,14,000 0.02 
Parth Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Parth 
Jindal) 100 0 
JTPM Metal Traders 
Private Limited 1,42,23,809  0.77 
Sahyog Holdings Private 
Limited 100 0 
Amba River Coke Limited  71,38,640 0.39 
Tarini Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tarini 
Jindal Handa) 100 0 
Sajjan Jindal Lineage 
Trust (Trustees Sajjan 
Jindal, Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Cement Limited  26,29,610  0.14 
JSW Steel Coated 
Products Ltd 90,31,770  0.49 
Virtuous Tradecorp 
Private Limited 8,55,99,613  4.66 
JSL Limited 14,53,32,820 7.91 
JSW Steel Limited 8,53,63,090 4.64 
Nalwa Sons Investments 
Limited 370 0 
41
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
Sajjan Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Investments Private 
Limited 31,14,92,694  16.94 
Tanvi Jindal Family Trust 
(Trustees Sajjan Jindal, 
Sangita Jindal, Tanvi 
Shete) 100 0 
Neotrex Steel Private 
Limited 72,000 0 
Siddeshwari Tradex 
Private Limited 23,09,32,433  12.56 
Sangita Jindal Family 
Trust (Trustees Sajjan 
Jindal, Sangita Jindal) 100 0 
JSW Jaigarh Port Limited  1,05,000 0.01 
JSW Holdings Limited  445 0 
PRJ Family Management 
Company Private Limited  360 0 
JSW Paints Limited 5,000 0 
Epsilon Carbon Private 
Limited 66,670 0 
Indusglobe 
Multiventures Private 
Limited 25,59,86,044  13.93 
Sub Total(A)(1)  1,21,95,99,622  66.34 
2 Foreign 
(a) Individuals (Non - 
Residents Individuals/ 
Foreign Individuals) Sarika Jhunjhunwala  2,20,000 0.01 
Ratan Jindal  - - 
Prithavi Raj Jindal -  - 
(b) Bodies Corporate  - - - 
(c) Institutions  - - - 
(d) Any Others  - - - 
42
 
 
 Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
 Sub Total(A)(2)   2,20,000 0.01 
 Total Shareholding of 
Promoter and Promoter 
Group (A) = (A)(1)+(A)(2) 
  1,21,98,19,622 66.36 
(B) Public shareholding     
1 Institutions     
(a) Mutual Funds   13,61,95,790  7.41 
(b) Financial Institutions / Banks   10,78,882  0.06 
(c) Central Government/  
State Government(s)  - - 
(d) Venture Capital Funds   - - 
(e) Insurance Companies   14,62,49,949  7.96 
(f) Foreign Institutional 
Investors  - - 
(g) Foreign Venture Capital 
Investors  -  - 
(h) Any Other   -  - 
(i) Alternate Investment Funds 
  9,16,370  0.05 
(j) Provident Funds/Pension 
Funds  1,23,72,486  0.67 
(k) Sovereign Wealth Funds   6,08,220 0.03 
(l) NBFC Registered with RBI   9,165 0 
(m) Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category I 
  18,00,45,000  9.79 
(n) Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category II 
  2,83,28,224  1.54 
43
 
 
 Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
(o) Shareholding by Companies 
or Bodies Corporate where 
Central / State Government 
is a promoter 
  2,504 0 
(p) Asset Reconstruction 
Companies  0 0 
 Sub-Total (B)(1)   50,58,06,590  27.51 
2 Non-institutions     
(a) Bodies Corporate  4,05,24,871  2.20 
(b) Individuals    
I Individuals -i. Resident 
Individual shareholders 
holding nominal share 
capital up to Rs 2 lakh  5,43,22,444  2.96 
II ii. Resident Individual 
shareholders holding 
nominal share capital in 
excess of Rs. 2 lakh.  95,62,604  0.52 
(c) Any Other     
I Directors and their relatives 
(excluding independent 
directors and nominee 
directors)  1,33,458 0.01 
II Key Managerial Personnel   95,413 0.01 
III Relatives of promoters 
(other than 'immediate 
relatives' of promoters 
disclosed under 'Promoter 
and Promoter Group' 
category) 0 0
IV Trusts where any person 
belonging to 'Promoter and 
Promoter Group' category is  2,53,520  0.01 
44
Sr. 
No. Description  Name of Shareholder  Post-arrangement  
No. of shares  % 
'trustee', 'beneficiary', or 
'author of the trust' 
V Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF) 2,36,102 0.01 
VI Non Resident Indians (NRIs)  36,00,341  0.20 
VII Foreign Nationals  25 0 
VIII Foreign Companies  
IX Clearing Members 22,243  0 
X H U F 28,10,567  0.15 
XI TRUSTS 30,470 0 
Sub-Total (B)(2) 11,15,92,058  6.07 
(B) Total Public 
Shareholding(B)= 
(B)(1)+(B)(2) 61,73,98,648  33.58 
TOTAL (A)+(B) 
(C) Shares held by 
Custodians and against 
which DRs have been issued  - - 
(D) Non- Promoter Non -Public 
shareholding 
Employee Benefit Trust 
(under SEBI(Share based 
Employee Benefit) 
Regulations 2014) 11,00,975  0.06 
Sub-Total (D) 11,00,975  0.06 
GRAND TOTAL 
(A)+(B)+(C)+(D) 1,83,83,19,245  100.00 
ii. The Demerged Company
45
The pre-equity shareholding of the Demerged Company is as follows (based on shareholding 
data as on 29th May, 2026:  
Sr. 
No. Category & Name of the 
Shareholder Total No of Shares Held  Shareholding as a % of total no 
of shares 
A. PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP SHAREHOLDING  
1. Indian 
a. Individuals/Hindu undivided 
Family 0 0.00 
b. Central Government/State 
Government(s)  0 0.00 
c. Financial Institutions/Banks  0 0.00 
d. Any Other  0 0.00 
Sub Total(A)(1)  0 0.00 
2. Foreign 0 0.00 
a. Individuals (Non -Resident 
Individuals/Foreign 
Individuals  0 0.00 
b. Government  0 0.00 
c. Institutions  0 0.00 
d. Any Other  46102083 68.58 
GE Steam Power 
International B.V. 46102083 68.58 
GE Renewable Holding B.V. 0 0.00 
GE Power Global B.V.  0 0.00 
GE Power Netherlands B.V. 0 0.00 
GE Vernova Holdings LLC  0 0.00 
GE Vernova Inc.  0 0.00 
NTPC GE Power Services 
Private Limited 0 0.00 
GE Power Service Korea Ltd.  0 0.00 
GE Steam Power FZ-LLC 0 0.00 
GE Power Boilers Services 
Limited 0 0.00 
Sub-Total (A)(2)  46102083 68.58 
Total Shareholding of Promoter 
and Promoter Group 
(A)=(A)(1)+(A)(2)  46102083 68.58 
B. PUBLIC SHAREHOLDING 
1. Institutions (Domestic) 
a. Mutual Funds 259813 0.39 
b. Venture Capital Funds 0 0.00 
c. Alternate Investment Funds 476901 0.71 
46
d. Banks 21128 0.03 
e. Insurance Companies 216797 0.32 
f. Provident Funds/Pension 
Funds 0 0.00 
g. Asset Reconstruction 
Companies 0 0.00 
h. Sovereign Wealth Funds 0 0.00 
i. NBFC Registered with RBI 750 0.00 
j. Other Financial  Institutions 0 0.00 
k. Any Other 0 0.00 
Sub Total (B)(1) 975389 1.45 
2. Institutions (Foreign) 
a. Foreign Direct Investment 0 0.00 
b. Foreign Venture Capital 0 0.00 
c. Sovereign Wealth Funds 0 0.00 
d. Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category I 283811 0.42 
e. Foreign Portfolio Investors 
Category II 162991 0.24 
f. Overseas Depositories 
(holding DRs) (balancing 
figure) 0 0.00 
g. Foreign Bank 25 0.00 
Sub Total (B)(2)  446827 0.66 
3. Central Government/State 
Government(s)/President of 
India 
a. Central Government / 
President of India 259742 0.39 
b. State Government / 
Governor 0 0.00 
c. Shareholding by Companies 
or Bodies Corporate where 
Central / State Government 
is a promoter 0 0.00 
Sub Total (B)(3)  259742 0.39 
4. Non-Institutions 
a. Associate companies / 
Subsidiaries 0 0.00 
b. Directors and their relatives 
(excluding independent 
directors and nominee 
directors) 0 0.00 
c. Key Managerial Personnel 0 0.00 
d. Relatives of promoters 
0 0.00 
47
category) 
e. Trusts where any person 
belonging to 'Promoter and 
Promoter Group' category is 
'trustee', 'beneficiary', or 
'author of the trust' 0 0.00 
f. Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF) 263457 0.39 
g. Resident Individuals holding 
nominal share capital up to 
Rs. 2 lakhs 12882638 19.16 
h. Resident Individuals holding 
nominal share capital in 
excess of Rs. 2 lakhs 3395955 5.05 
i. Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 693343 1.03 
j. Foreign Nationals 22 0.00 
k. Foreign Companies) 8383 0.01 
l. Bodies Corporate 1358186 2.02 
m. Clearing Members 2000 0.00 
n. H U F 838973 1.25 
o. TRUSTS 473 0.00 
Sub Total (B)(4)  19443430  28.92 
Total Public Shareholding (B) = 
(B)(1)+(B)(2)+(B)(3)+(B)(4)  21125388  31.42 
C. NON-PROMOTER AND NON -PUBLIC SHAREHOLDING  
1. Shares underlying DRs  0 0.00 
2. Shares held by Employ ees 
Trusts 0 0.00 
Total Non- Promoter and Non-
Public Shareholding 
(C)=(C)(1)+(C)(2)  0 0.00 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (A+B+C)  67227471 100.00 
There will be no change in the post-equity shareholding pattern of the Demerged Company. 
B.Pre/ post arrangement capital structure
The pre-arrangement capital structure of the Company and the Demerged Company is given in 
paragraph 4 A(4) and 4 B(4) above.  
i. The indicative post Scheme share capital structure of the Company will be as follows:
Particulars Amount (in INR) 
Authorized Share Capital  
500,00,00,000 equity shares of INR 10 each  50,00,00, 00,000 
Total 50,00,00,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital  
48
183,83,19,245  equity shares of INR 10 each  1838,31,92,450  
Total 1838,31,92,450  
ii. There will be no change in the post Scheme share capital of the Demerged Company.
15. AUDITORS CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMITY OF ACCOUNTING TREATMENT IN THE SCHEME WITH
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
The certificate dated 18th September, 2025, issued by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered
Accountants (Firm Registration No.: 117366W/W-100018) and Deloitte Haskins & Sells,
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No: 015125N), Statutory Auditors of the Company and
the Demerged Company, respectively, confirmed that the accounting treatment stated in the
Scheme is in compliance with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act
and other generally accepted accounting principles.
16. APPROVALS AND INTIMATIONS IN RELATION TO THE SCHEME
i. The equity shares of the Company and the Demerged Company are listed on BSE and NSE.
Additionally, the Resulting Company has also issued certain NCDs, which are listed on BSE. In
terms of Regulation 37 and Regulation 59A of the LODR Regulations read with applicable SEBI
circulars, NSE and BSE, have issued their respective observation letters dated 1st April, 2026, on
the Scheme to the Company and the Demerged Company. The Company and the Demerged
Company also submitted the Report of its Audit Committee on the Scheme and various other
documents to BSE and NSE and also displayed the same on their website and addressed all
queries on the said documents. The Complaints Report was also duly filed by the Company and
the Demerged Company. BSE and NSE by their respective letter dated 1st April, 2026, issued to
the Company and the Demerged Company, have confirmed that there are no adverse
observations on the Scheme. A copy of the observation letters dated 1st April, 2026, received
by the Company and the Demerged Company from BSE and NSE are annexed hereto as
Annexure VI Colly . Also, a copy of the Complaint Reports submitted by the Company to BSE and
NSE are annexed hereto as Annexure VII Colly.
ii. As per comments contained in the said observation letters, details of ongoing adjudication and
recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken against the
Company and the Demerged Company, its promoters and directors, as submitted to the
Tribunal, are attached hereto as Annexure VIII Colly .
iii. Further, as per the comments contained in the said observation letters, the Company and the
Demerged Company has also made disclosure in terms of the requirements of the observation
letters. The said information has been annexed hereto as Annexure IX.
iv. A copy of the Scheme has been filed by the Company and the Demerged Company with the
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai.
v. The notice of the Meeting along with the copy of the Scheme in the prescribed form, will be
served on all concerned authorities in terms of the Tribunal Order.
vi. All approvals as stated in Clause 13 (Conditions Precedent) of the Scheme, in order to give effect
to the Scheme will be obtained.
49
17. INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS
In addition to the documents appended hereto, the electronic copy of following documents
will be available for inspection in the investor section of the website of the Company at
https://www.jswenergy.in/  :
a. Copy of the Tribunal Order;
b.Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and the Demerged Company;
c. Audited financial statements of the Company and the Demerged Company as on 31st
March, 2025;
d.
for the year ended 31st March 2026;
e. Copy of the Scheme;
f. Certificate of the Statutory Auditor of the Company and the Demerged Company,
respectively, confirming that the accounting treatment prescribed under the Scheme is in
compliance with Section 133 of the Act and applicable accounting standards; and
g. A i.e. https://www.jswenergy.in/
in terms of the SEBI Master Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 20
June, 2023, on the Scheme.
Based on the above and considering the rationale and benefits, in the opinion of the Board, 
the Scheme will be of advantage to, beneficial and in the interest of the Company, its 
shareholders and other stakeholders and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable. The Board 
of Directors of the Company recommends the Scheme for approval of the equity shareholders.  
Sd/- 
Mohan Prasad Tiwari 
Chairperson of the Meeting appointed by the 
Tribunal 
Registered Office: 
JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai, 400  051, 
Maharashtra, India 
Date: 18th June 2026 
50