 Energy Limited  
Regd. Office: JSW Centre  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
CIN: L74999MH1994PLC077041  
Phone: 022 – 4286 1000  
Fax: 022 – 4286 3000  
Website:  www.jsw.in  
 
 
 
Part of O. P. Jindal Group  
SEC / JSWEL  
2nd April, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 533148  Scrip Code: JSWENERGY - EQ  
Sub:  Intimation regarding r eceipt of Observation Letter s from BSE Limited  (“BSE”)  and 
National Stock Exchange of India  (“NSE”)  in relation to Scheme of Arrangement between 
GE Power India Limited (“Demerged Company”) and JSW Energy Limited (“Resulting 
Company” or “the Company”) and their respective shareholders under Sections 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)  
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations ”) 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
In continuation of our earlier intimation dated 18th September 2025,  wherein it was informed that the 
Board of Directors of the Company had approved the Scheme subject to receipt of necessary regulatory 
and other approvals, as may be required.  
The Company, thereafter, filed the application with BSE and NSE , respectively,  under Regulation s 37 
and 59A of the Listing Regulations  on 26th September 2025 , seeking their Observation  / No objection 
to the proposed Scheme.  
In this regard, we would like to inform you that  the Company has received Observation L etter with “no 
adverse observation s” from BSE  on 1st April 202 6 and Observation Letter with “ No objection” from NSE 
on 1st April 202 6 as required under Regulation 37 and 59A of the Listing Regulations  in relation to the 
Scheme.   
The copies of Observation Letters of BSE and NSE are enclosed herewith. The said letters are also 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.jswenergy.in/energy/jsw -energy -scheme -
arrangement -ge-power -india -limited .  
The Scheme remains subject to receipt of applicable regulatory  and other approvals .  
Yours faithfully , 
For JSW Energy Limited  
 
 
Monica Chopra  
Company Secretary  
DCS/ AMAL/RD/R37 /003/2026-27 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
JSW Energy Limited 
JSW Centre, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (East), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra -400051. 
Dear Sir/Madam, BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
April 01, 2026 
GE Power India Limited 
Regus Magnum Business Centers, 
11th floor, Platina, Block G, Sandra (E), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra -400051. 
Sub: Scheme of Arrangement for Demerger by JSW Energy Limited and GE Power India Limited 
We refer to your application for Scheme of Arrangement by JSW Energy limited ("JSWEL" /Transferee/ 
Resulting Company) and GE Power India Limited ('GEPIL" / Transferor/ Demerged Company) under 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 filed with the Exchange 
under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI Master circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Reg. 94 (2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated March 30, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) 
on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: -
Regulation 37(1) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023 
1. "The entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme." 
2. "The entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges." 
3. "The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time." 
4. "The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular 
and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee 
Company" 
5. "The entity is advised that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, 
involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus 
as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations , 2018, in the explanatory statement 
or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders 
for seeking approval." 
Page 1 of 5 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers. Dalal Street. Mumbai -400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 I E: corp.comm @bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com I Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH2005PLC155188 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
6. "The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old." 
7. "The entity is advised that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders." 
8. "Both the entities are advised to disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or 
notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to 
the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 -
a) Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by 
Registered Valuer. 
b) Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification for growth 
rate considered for valuation . 
c) Need for the demerger, Rationale of the scheme and swap ratio, Synergies of business of 
the entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost 
benefit analysis of the scheme. 
d) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for last 3 
years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in the 
scheme. 
e) Value of Assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies/Demerged Companies that are being 
transferred to Transferee company/ Resulting Companies and post-merger balance sheet of 
Transferee Company/Resulting Companies. 
f) Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company/Resulting Companies to the shareholders . 
g) No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the lending scheduled commercial banks/ financial 
institutions/ debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part-I of SEBI Master Circular. 
h) Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the 
entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders . 
i) Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of same on the scheme. 
j) Details of shareholders of GEPIL and their classification as Promoters and Public 
shareholders in JSWEL post scheme. 
Name of the Shares Share Shares being Classification in Detailed 
Shareholde r held in Exchange allotted in JSWEL post Justification 
GEPIL Ratio JSWEL scheme for 
(Promoter/Public Classification 
{If not, reasons ) 
for the same) 
Page 2 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
k) Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the date 
of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed 
in the explanatory statement . 
9. "The entity is advised that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the "Scheme" 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only." 
10. "The entity is advised that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the entity complying 
with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document." 
11. "No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities / 
tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI." 
12. "The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in 
the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the 
notice of NCLT." 
13. "The entity to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and 
regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the 
proposed scheme." 
14. "The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
15. "It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCL T after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBl/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments 1 observations 1 representations." 
B. Regulation 59A of SEBI LODR Regulations read with SEBI Circular dated May 21, 2024 
1. "The proposed Scheme of Arrangement between GE Power India Limited (GEPIL) and JSW 
Energy Limited (JSWEL) shall be in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015." 
2. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not provide any mis-statement or furnish 
false information with regard to disclosures to be made in the draft scheme of amalgamation 
as per provisions of Chapter XII of the Master Circular." 
3. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft scheme 
subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s) , except those 
mandated by the regulators/ authorities/ tribunal." 
Page 3 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
4. "The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall include information pertaining to 
the unlisted entity, if any, in the format specified for abridged prospectus as per SEBI (issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021, in the notice or proposal to be sent to 
the holders of NCDs/ NCRPS while seeking approval for the scheme. The accuracy and adequacy 
of such disclosures shall be certified by the SEBI registered Merchant Banker after following the 
due diligence process." 
5. "The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter 
of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
6. "The entities involved in the proposed scheme shall ensure that they have compiled with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Covenants of the Debenture Trust Deeds entered with 
the Debenture Trustee(s) any other relevant regulations and circulars." 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited reference 
to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements within the 
provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with Hon'ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the financial 
soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the 
document submitted. 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company to 
the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about unlisted 
company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the Master circular 
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from the 
date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation' at any stage if the information 
submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or for any 
contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with any 
other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), read 
with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 (Company 
Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein pursuant to an Order 
passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the proposed scheme of 
compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 
as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange seeking representations or objections 
if any. 
Page 4 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices served 
upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of serving such Notice 
along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through the Listing 
Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to circular dated 
February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
Yours faithfully, 
Marian Dsouza Nm~ 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page 5 of 5 
 
 
 Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 51090 /51099                           April 01 , 202 6 
 
The Company Secretary  
JSW Energy Limited  The Company Secretary  
GE Power India Limited  
 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for draft scheme of arrangement amongst GE Power India Limited 
(Transferor/ Demerged Company ) and JSW Energy Limited (Transferee/ Resulting Company ) 
and their respective shareholders under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act 2013 . 
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by JSW Energy Limited  and GE Power India 
Limited .  
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/51090/51099 dated  December 31, 2025 , submitted to 
SEBI pursuant to SEBI Master Circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 
2023  read with Regulation  94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, SEBI vide its letter dated March 30, 2026  has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the draft scheme of arrangement:  
 
SEBI Comments in accordance with Regulation 37(1) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023:  
 
a) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters, and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the 
Scheme.  
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the Listed Compan y and the Stock Exchanges . 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.  
d) The Company shall ensure that t he entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various 
provisions of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of the Transferor Company are 
transferred to the Transferee Company.  
e) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, 
if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement  or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval.  
 
 
Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 51090 /51099                                       April 01 , 202 6 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 f) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.  
g) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall he prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders . 
h) The Company shall ensure to disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the Company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 - 
• Valuation Report and Addendum/ clarification to the valuation report (if any) issued by 
the Registered Valuer.  
 
• Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification for growth 
rate considered for valuation.  
 
• Need for the demerger , rationale of the scheme and swap ratio , synergies of business of 
the entities involved in the scheme, impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost 
benefit analysis of the scheme.  
 
• Details of Revenue , PAT and EBIDTA of all the Companies involved in the scheme for last 
3 years along with Audited Financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in 
the scheme .  
 
• Value of Assets and liabilities of transferor /demerged  company that are being transferred 
to transferee /resulting  company and post -merger balance sheet of transferee /resulting  
company . 
 
• Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme, its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee/Resulting 
Company and the shareholders.  
 
• No Objection Certificate from the lending scheduled commercial banks/ financial 
institutions/ debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part I of SEBI Master Circular.  
 
• Undertaking with respect to the association of promoter and promoter group of the entities 
involved in the scheme with the public shareholders.  
 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 51090 /51099                                       April 01 , 202 6 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 • Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of the same on the scheme.  
 
• Details of shareholders of GEPIL and their classification as promoters and public 
shareholders in JSWEL post scheme.  
 
Name of 
the 
Share  
holder  Shares 
held in 
GEPIL  Share 
Exchange 
Ratio  Shares being 
allotted in 
JSWEL.  
 
(If not, 
reasons for  
the same. ) Classification in 
JSWEL post 
scheme 
(Promoter/  
Public)  Detailed 
Justification 
for 
Classification  
•  •  •  •  •  •  
 
• Latest financials of the entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the 
date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the website and same also to be 
disclosed in the explanatory statement.  
 
i) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
j) The Company shall ensure that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
 
k) The Company shall ensure  that n o changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/authorities/tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEB I. 
 
l) The Company shall ensure  that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be f iled before NCLT and the Company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.  
 
m) The Company shall ensure  to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors 
for the proposed scheme.  
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 51090 /51099                                       April 01 , 202 6 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 n) The Company shall ensure that t he listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose 
the No -Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the 
same . 
 
o) The Company shall note that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing 
and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, 
the Company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) 
of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/observations/representations.  
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEB I/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that 
the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or  opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the 
No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from April 0 1, 2026 , within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/ LIST/ 51090 /51099                                       April 01 , 202 6 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37 /59(A)  of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
 
Khyati Vidwans  
Senior Manager  
 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following URL 
http://www.nseindia.com/corporates/content/further_issues.htm    
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile 
application.   The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ Play store with the name “NEAPS 
APP”  .  
 