 
 
Ref: JSWSL: SEC: MUM: SE: 2025 -26/10/0 7 
October 17, 2025  
 
To, 
1. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza  
Plot No. C/1, G Block  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Fax No.: 2659 8237 -38 
Ref:  NSE Symbol - JSWSTEEL  
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department  2. BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Dept.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
Fax No. 2272 2037/2039/ 2041/ 20 61  
Ref:  Company Code No.500228.  
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department  
 
Dear Sirs/Ma’ams,  
 
Sub:     Disclosures Under Regulation 30  of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Merger of 
wholly owned subsidiaries into JSW Steel Limited  
 
The Board of Directors of JSW Steel Limited (‘the Transferee Company’ or ‘JSL’) and Amba River 
Coke Limited (‘the Transferor Company 1’ or ‘ARCL’) and Monnet Cement Limited (‘the Transferor 
Company 2’ or ‘MCL’) and JSW Retail and Distribution Limited (‘the  Transferor Company 3’ or ‘JRDL’) 
(collectively referred to as ‘the Transferor Companies’ ) have approved a Scheme of Amalgamation 
of ARCL, MCL and JRDL with JSL and their respective shareholders (‘the Scheme’) pursuant to Section 
230 to Section 232 of the Companies Act, 2013.  The Transferor Companies are wholly owned 
subsidiaries of the Transferee Company.  
 
This Scheme of Amalgamation is subject to the necessary approvals/ sanctions, from the 
jurisdictional National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’) or such ot her competent authority and 
shareholders and creditors of the Transferor Companies and Transferee Company, as may be directed 
by NCLT.  
 
The detail as required under SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ PoD -2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024 is annexed herewith  as Annexure A . 
 
The aforesaid disclosure is also available on the Company’s website at www.jsw.in . 
 
The Board Meeting commenced at 10. 00 am and concluded at 02.35 pm.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Yours faithfully  
For JSW Steel Limited  
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh  
Company Secretary  
(in the interim capacity)  
 
cc. Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited  
11 North Buona Vista Drive,  
#06-07, The Metropolis Tower 2,  
Singapore 138589  
Hotline: (65) 6236 8863 
Fax: (65) 6535 0775  
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A  
 
DETAILS AS REQUIRED UNDER SEBI CIRCULAR NO. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/ CIR/P/0155 
DATED NOVEMBER 11, 2024  
 
# Details to be 
provided  Information  
1.  Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc  i. Transferor Companies:  
Amba River Coke Limited (‘ARCL’)  
Monnet Cement Limited (‘MCL’)  
JSW Retail Distribution Limited (‘JRDL’)  
 
ii. Transferee Company : 
  JSW Steel Limited (‘JSL’)  
 
iii. JSL holds 100% of the paid -up equity share capital of ARCL, MCL 
and JRDL.  
 
iv. Turnover/Revenue for year ended 31st March, 2025:  
JSL:          INR 1,29 ,567 crores (standalone)  
ARCL:       INR 3,943 crores (standalone)  
MCL:         Nil (standalone)  
JRSL:        INR 30 crores  (standalone)  
 
v. Appointed Date: April 01, 2026  
 
2.  Whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done 
at ‘arm’s length’  Yes, the Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Transferee Company and as such the said Transferor Companies are 
related party to each other and the Transferee Company.  
 
However, the said transaction shall not attract compliance with the 
requirements of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 pursuant 
to the clarifications given by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, vid e 
its General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17th July 2014.  
 
Further, since it is an amalgamation of wholly owned subsidiaries 
with its holding company, it is not a related party transaction as per 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 .  
 
Therefore, the provisions relating to related party transaction as 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2 015 do not apply.  
 
3.  Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  JSL is engaged in the business of manufacture and sale of iron and 
steel products.  
 
ARCL is engaged in the business of manufacturing coke and pellet 
from its facilities located at Dolvi.  
 
MCL is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling all kind 
of cement.  
 
JRDL is facilitating marketing and selling of steel products and 
provide technical consultancy services for design, development and 
 
 
production of all forms of steel, aluminum sheets and other metal 
sheets.  
 
4.  Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger  The amalgamation of the Transferor Companies with the Transferee 
Company would have the following benefits:  
• There are several commonalities and operational synergistic 
linkages and the amalgamation will result in operational efficiency;  
• Pooling of the technical resources, personnel, capabilities, skills and 
expertise leading to optimum use of infrastructure, cost reduction 
and efficiencies, reduction of administrative and operational cos ts; 
• Ensuring a streamlined group structure by reducing the number of 
legal entities in the group and reducing the multiplicity of legal and 
regulatory compliances required at present;  
• Administrative and operational convenience;  
• Rationalizing costs by eli minating multiple record keeping and 
administrative functions; and  
• Reducing time and efforts for consolidation of financials at the group 
level.  
 
5.  In case of cash 
consideration – amount 
or otherwise share 
exchange ratio  No shares of JSL would be issued as wholly owned subsidiaries are 
merging with JSL.  
 
As per clause 5 o f the Scheme:  
“As the Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Transferee Company, no shares of the Transferee Company shall be 
allotted towards discharge of consideration or in lieu or exchange of 
the equity shareholding in the Transferor Companies. Upon the coming 
into effect of this Scheme, the share certificates, if any, and/or the 
shares in electronic form representing the shares in the Transferor 
Companies shall be deemed to be cancelled without any further act or 
deed for cancellation thereof and shall cease to be in existence 
accordingly.  
 
6.  Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of listed entity  There shall not be any change in the shareholding pattern of JSL 
pursuant to the amalgamation, as no shares would be issued by JSL 
to the shareholders of ARCL, MCL and JRSL in connection with the 
proposed Scheme.  
 
 
 
 
 
 