 
 
JSWSL: MUM: SEC: SE: 2026 ­27/08/01 
August 1, 2026 
 
To,  
 
1. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block  
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai  – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: JSWSTEEL  
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department  2. BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai  – 400 001. 
Scrip Code No.500228  
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department   
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub. Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure R equirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Effectiveness of the Scheme of Amalgamation of Amba River Coke Limited 
(‘ARCL’ or ‘the Transferor Company 1’) and Monnet Cement Limited (‘MCL’ 
or ‘the Transferor Company 2’) and JSW Retail and Distribution Limited 
(‘JRDL’ or ‘the Transferor Company 3’) with JSW Steel Limited (‘JSL’ or ‘the 
Transferee Company’) and their respective shareholders (‘the Scheme’)  
under Sections 2 30 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 . 
 
This  is  with  reference  to  our  intimation  dated  July  3,  2026,  informing  the  Stock 
Exchange(s) about the  receipt of final order issued by Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal in respect of Scheme of Amalgamation of Amba River Coke Limited (‘ARCL’ or ‘the 
Transferor Company 1’) and Monnet Cement Limited (‘MCL’ or ‘the Transferor Company 
2’) and JSW Retail and Dis tribution Limited (‘JRDL’ or ‘the Transferor Company 3’) with 
JSW Steel Limited (‘JSL’ or ‘the Transferee Company’) and their respective shareholders 
(‘the  Scheme’)  under  Sections  230  to  232  and  other  applicable  provisions  of  the 
Companies  Act,  2013  read  w ith  Companies  (Compromises,  Arrangements  and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016.  
  
Please note that the Scheme  has become effective from August 1, 2026 upon filing of the 
certified copy of the final order dated July  2, 2026 along with certified copy of the rectified 
order dated July  15, 2026, with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai , by the respective 
companies. The Appointed Date  of the Scheme is April 1, 2026. 
 
The copy of aforesaid orders are enclosed herein.  We request you to take  the aforesaid on 
records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For JSW Steel Limited 
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh  
Company Secretary   
(in the interim capacity)  
 
Encl.: As above. 
ffi
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCH-I
cP (cAA) No.64lMB/2026
IN
cA (cAA) NO. l6iMBl2026
In the matter of the Companies Act, 2013;
AND
In the matter of Section 230-232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamation)
Rules,2016;
AND
In the matter of Scheme of Amalgamation between
AMBA RIVER COKE LIMITED
(CIN: U23 100MH1997PLC I 10901)
...First Petitioner Company lTransferor Company I
AND
MONNET CEMENT LIMITED
(CIN: U26941 MH2007PLC453'17 4)
...Second Petitioner Company /Transferor Company 2
AND
JSW RETAIL AND DISTRIBUTION LIMITED
(CIN : U5 1 909MH2021 PLC3 56994)
...Third Petilioner Company lTransferor Company 3
WITH
JSIY STEEL LIMITED
(CIN: L27 I 02MH1994PLCI 52925)
... Fourth Petitioner Company /Tra
(collectively referred to as "Petitioner Companies")t:LJ-e'
nsferee Co
AI+9
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL
MUMBAI BENCII.I
cP (cAA) No. &/l[[8/2026
INCA(cAA) NO. t6/MB/2026
Order pronounced on 02.07.2026
Coram :
Shri Prabhat Kumar
Hon'ble Member (Technical)Shri Sushil Mahadeorao KocheY
Hon'ble Member (Judicial)
Appearances:
For the Petitioner Companies Adv. Hemant Sethi
IORDER
The present Company Scheme Petition has been filed in the matter
of the Scheme of Arrangement between AMBA RJVER COKE
LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as 'First Petitioner Company
/Transferor Company l') and MONNET CEMENT LIMITED
(hereinafter referred to as 'Second Petitioner Company /Transferor
Company 2') and JSW RETAIL AND DISTRIBUTION
LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as 'Third Petitioner Company
/Transferor Company 3') with JSW STEEL LIMITED (hereinafter
referred to as the 'Fourth Petitioner Company /Transferee
Company') [The Transferor Company and Transferee Company
Collectively referred as the 'Petitioner Companies'] and their
respective shareholders and creditors (hereinafter refened to as
'Scheme') under Sections 230, 232 and other applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Compromises,
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016.
The Transferor Company I bearing CIN:
U23100MH l997PLC I 10901, was incorporated on 25.09.1997 under
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and has its registered
address at JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 40005 1. in the business of2
manufacturing and selling cok
/.n,3/,stPage 2 of 11
ffi#IN TIIE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBTJNAL
MI,]MBAI BENCH-I
cP (cAA) NO. 64/MB/2026
rN cA (cAA) NO. t6/MB /2026
JThe Transferor Company 2 beanng CIN:
U26941MH2007PLC453774, was incorporated on 29. I 1.2007 under
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and has its registered
address at 5th Floor, JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
(East), Mumbai - 400051. It is an unlisted public company not
having any business operations.
The Transferor Company 3 bearing CIN:
U5 1909MH2021PLC356994, was incorporated on 15.03.2021 under
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and has its registered
address at 5th Floor, JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
(East), Mumbai - 400051. It is engaged in facilitating marketing and
selling of steel products and provide technical consultancy services
for design, development and production of all forms of steel,
aluminium sheets and other metal sheets.
The Transferee Company bearing CIN:
L27102MH1994PLC152925, was incorporated on I 5.03. I 994 under
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and has its registered
address at JSW Centre, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai 400051. It is engaged in the business of manufacture and
sale of iron and steel products.
The registered offices of the Petitioner Companies are situated in
Maharashtra and are within the territorial jurisdiction of the Tribunal.
The Board of Directors of the Petitioner Companies, by resolutions
passed at their respective meetings held on 17.10.2025, approved the
original Scheme of Amalgamation.
The Appointed Date for the Scheme is to mean " 1" April, 2026 or
such olher date as may be approved by the National Co
Tribunal or such other Appropriate Authority) ".
The Rationale for the proposed Scheme is as under:
?44
5
6
7
8
9
Page 3 of 11tl
ffiffiIN THE NATIONAL COMPAI{Y LAW TRIBUNAI
MUMBAIBENCH-I
cP (cAA) NO. A/MB/2026
IN CA (CAA) NO. r6/MB/2026
The Transferee Company is awell-established comPanY
engaged in the business of manufacturing in iron and steel
products.
The amalgamation of the Transferor Companies with the
Transferee Company would have the following benefits:
i. There are several commonalities and synergistic ltnkages
and the amalgamation will result in operational
efJiciency;
ii. Pooling of the technical resources, personnel'
capabilities, skills and expertise leading to optimum use
of infrastructure, cost reduction and efficiencies'
reduction of administrative and operational costs,'
iii. Ensuring a streamlined group structure by reducing the
number of legal entities in the group and reducing the
multiplicitv oJ'legal and regulatory compliances required
at present;
iv. Administrative and operation Convenience,'
v. Rationalizing costs by eliminating multiple record
keeping and adminiso'ative Junctions; and
vi. Reducing time and elforts for consolidation offinancials
at the group level.
10. It is submitted that upon this Scheme becoming effective & upon
amalgamation, there shall be no fresh allotment of shares as the
Amalgamating companies are wholly owned by the Amalgamated
Company. The relevant clause reads as follow:
,,5. CONSIDERATION:
As the Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of
the Transferee Company, no shares of the Transferee Company
shall be allotted towards disc eration or in lieu
the Transferor or exchange of the equity,
Page 4 of 11iy
t;,;=pfi6.:,
-\r3
ffiffiIN TIIE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TIBI'NAI
MIJMBAI BENCII-I
cP (cAA) NO. &/MB/2026
IN CA (CAA) NO. t6/MB/2026
Companies. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the
share certificates, if any, and/or the shares in electronic form
representing the shares in the Transferor Companies shall be
deemed to be cancelled wtthout any further act or deed for
cancellation thereof and shall cease to be in existence
accordingly."
11. The Petitioner Companies have complied with all requirements as
per directions ofthis Tribunal vide order dated 09.03.2026 passed in
C.A.(CAAy16ll1B,12026 and they have filed necessary affidavits of
compliance before this Tribunal.
12. The Applicants has further submitted the following:
a. There are no ongoing adjudications / recovery proceedings
against Applicant Companies, except as otherwise stated in
the scheme.
b. There are no pending litigations against Applicant
Companies, except as otherwise stated in the scheme.
c. There are no ongoing adjudications, recovery proceedings,
pending litigations, prosecution initiated and / or any other
enforcement action against the Directors of the Applicant
Companies.
d. The Applicant Companies are not Non-Banking Financial
Company.
e. The Directors of the Applicant Companies may be deemed
to be concemed and./or interested in the Scheme to the extent
of their shareholding in the Applicant Company, or to the
extent the said Directors are corunon Directors
Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating Co
or to the extent the said Directors are the partners,
members of the companies, firms, association ofso
bodies corporate and/or beneficiary of tmst, hold sq{.K6
Page 5 of 11IB€/-l-
lilnsilv
rS
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAI
MI]MBAI BENCH.I
cP (cAA) NO. A/jl/IB/2026
IN CA (CAA)NO. t6lMB/2026
the Amalgamated Company and the Amalgamating
Companies.
f. No investigation proceedings have been instituted and/or are
pending against them under Sections 210-217,219' 220'
223,224,225,226 &227 of the Companies Act, 2013.
g. No winding-up petition has been filed or is pending against
them.
13. The Regional Director, Westem Region-I, Mumbai has filed his
Report dated 12.06.2026 making certain observations therein and the
Petitioner Companies have filed their joint affidavit in reply to
regional director's report on 17.06.2026 and have
submitted./undertaken that -
i. Transferee company shall continue to remain in existence
and shall not be dissolved post the approval of the Scheme
and sanctioning of the Scheme shall not affect the pendency
of such alleged complaints and the complainants shall
continue to have their rights of redressal, if any, against the
Transferee Company in the appropriate forum.
ii. fughts and claims of all creditors shall remain unaffected
and will continue to be protected in the ordinary course of
business under the Scheme and applicable law. It is further
stated that att employees of the Transferor Companies will
be transferred to the Transferee Company without break in
service on terms not less favourable than those on which they
are engaged by the Transferor Companies. Further, the
interests of the employees are adequately protected under the
Scheme and applicable law.
iii. The Scheme does not provi ition of the authorised
share capital of the mpanies with the
upon the Scheme authorised capital of
PaBe 6 of 11
IN TIIE NATIONAL COMPAI{Y LAW TRIBUNAI
MI.]MBAI BENCH.I
cP (cAA) NO. &/MB/2026
rN cA (cAA) No. t6/MB /2026
lv
vt.
v
vlllbecoming effective. Accordingly, the question of the
Transferee Company paying the difference offees and stamp
duty does not arise.
Transferee Company shall pass such accounting entries as
may be necessary in connection with the Scheme to comply
with all the applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-
AS) including Ind AS 103 and IND AS 8. AS-14 and AS-5
are not applicable to the Petitioner Companies.
The Scheme enclosed with Company Application and
Company Petition are one and same and there is no
discrepancy, or no change is made.
The Petitioner Companies confirm that as per the provisions
of Section 230(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Petitioner
Companies have served notices to all the concerned statutory
and regulatory authorities as directed by this Tribunal and as
may be applicable to the Petitioner Companies.
The Appointed date i.e. 01.04.2026 has been clearly
indicated in the Scheme and it is in accordance with the
provisions of Section 232(6) of the Companies Act, 2013
and the Scheme shall become effective from the Appointed
Date and shall be operative from the Effective Date. Further,
the Petitioner Companies have complied with the
requirements as specified in the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs ('MCA') Circular F.No.7/12120l9iCL - I ('Circular')
dated 21.08.2019
Petitioner Companies are not carrying on any b
activities that require the specific approval of antB.t3Allriat
regulator and therefore are not governed by anSE+$t9
to
regulator. However, the Petitioner Companies shaY.rtS
AIB
Page 7 of 11.).
ffiIN TIIE NATIONAL COMPA}.IY LAW TRIBUNAI
MUMBAI BENCH-I
cP (cAA) NO. A/MB/2026
IN CA (CAA) NO. r6/M3/2026
lx
x
14. The Olficial Liquidator, High
dated 12.06.2026, inter alia,with the directions, if any, of the applicable regulatory
authorities in accordance with the law.
Petitioner Companies shall comply with the directions of the
Income Tax Department and GST Authorities in accordance
with the provisions of Income Tax Law and Goods &
Service Tax Law. Further, the Petitioner Companies states
that the tax implications, if any, arising out of the Scheme
shall be dealt in accordance with the provisions of Income
Tax Law and Goods and Service Tax Law.
The Transferor Companies have filed Form BEN-2 and
complied with Section 90 of Companies Act, 2013 r/w Rule
8(b) Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners)
Amendment Rules, 2019. Further, with respect to the
Transferee Company, there is no individual shareholder with
a majority stake in JFE Steel International Europe BV
( I 5%), there is no requirement of filing BEN-2 as per
Section 90 of the Companies Act, 201 3 read with the
relevant Rutes. Additionally, the Transferee Company has
submitted the Form BEN-2 for JSW Techno Projects
Management Ltd. (10.82%) on 01.04.2026 with SRN
AC2845672.
Transferee Company shall continue to remain in existence
post the approval of the Scheme and the relevant authority
shall continue to have their rights of undertaking process of
inspection if any, against the Transferee Company in the
appropriate forum and hence, the rights of the relevant
authority will not be jeopardized pursuant to the Scheme.
has filed his Reportxt
Co
,d
.:-.r:r.riilii9e affairs of the
tB;:,.t{oJt>
Page 8 of 11
ffiIN THE NATIONAL COMPA}IY LAW TRIBUNAL
MIJMBA] BENCII.I
cP (cAA) NO. U/l[{B/2026
rN cA (cAA) NO. t6/MB/2026
Transferor Companies have not been conducted in a manner
prejudicial to the interest of its creditor or to public interest.
15. The Income Tax Officer, l4(2xl), Mumbai, of the Transferor
Company 3, vide its letter dated 01.04.2026, granted no objection to
the Scheme subject to certain observations, which were duly
addressed by the Transferor Company No. 3 through its Affidavit in
reply dated 08.06.2026 staringtherein that the Scheme fully complies
with the applicable provisions of the Income-tax laws and that all
existing and future tax liabilities and proceedings shall remain
enforceable against the Transferee Company. The Transferor
Company 3 further confirmed that it has no carry-forward losses or
unabsorbed depreciation, the Scheme is not intended for tax evasion,
and all tax matters will remain govemed by applicable laws, with the
Income Tax Department retaining full authority to assess and recover
taxes for relevant periods, including those around the appointed and
effective dates.
16. Income Tax Officer, Central Circle 8(3), Mumbai, vide letrer dated
07.04.2026, submitted certain observations, which were duly
addressed by the Transferee Company through its Affidavir in reply
dated 08.06.2026 stating that all rights ofthe tax authorities to assess
and raise demands against the Petitioner Companies will remain
unaffected. It is further stated that After the Scheme coming into
effect, all existing and future tax liabilities, assessments, appeals, and
proceedings against the Transferor Companies will continue and be
enforceable against the Transferee Company, ensuring no adverse
impact on the powers of the Income Tax Department.
17. No other objection has been received from any other stat
.s,$finr
regulatory authority. Accordingly, the Scheme is dee
unopposed.6'b;rt',Li-i,
(u.)9
Page 9 of 11/+r,a4f:
B€
IN THE NATIONAL COMPAI{Y LAW TRIBIJNAI
MUMBAI BENCII-I
cP (cAA) No. a/le[B/2026
IN CA (CAA)NO. 16ll[[B/2026
18. We have perused the submissions made by the Petitioner Companies
and the reports submitted by the Regional Director (RD), the Official
Liquidator (OL) and the The Income Tax Officers, Mumbai' The
Petitioner Companies have undertaken to comply with all the
undertakings made in their reply filed in response to the observations
of the RD, OL and The Income Tax Officers'
19. From the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and
reasonable and is not in violation ofany provisions of law and is not
contrary to public policy considering that no objection has so far
been received from any other authority or creditors or members or
any other stakeholders.
20. Since all the requisite statutory compliances have been fulfilled'
Company Petition bearing CP(CAA)1641MB12026 in
CA(CAAy16(MB)12026 is made absolute in terms of the prayer
clauses of the said Company Scheme Petition' It shall be binding on
the Petitioner Companies and all concemed, including their
respective Shareholders, Creditors, Employees and/or any other
stakeholders concerned.
21. The Transferor Companies are dissolved without winding up'
22. The Income Tax Department will be at liberty to examine the aspects
inrelationtoanytaxpayableasaresultofthisschemeandincaseit
isfoundthattheschemeultimatelylesultsintaxavoidanceunderthe
provisions of Income Tax Act' it shall be open to the Income Tax
authorities to take necessary action as possible under the Income Tax
Law.
23. Needless to say, all liabilities accruing in the transferor companies
shall be transferred to the Transferee Company, however' the
liabilities in respect of offences committed under this act by the
officers in default,of the transfe s prior to its merger,
:fter such merger,rltll I
--*(,amalgamation or acqulsltlon
ft
A,s9)9
Page 10 of 11
IN TIIE NATIONAL COMPAI{Y LAW TRIBIJNAL
MI]MBAI BENCH-I
cP (cAA) NO. &/MB/2026
rN cA (cAA) NO. t6/MB/2026
amalgamation or acquisition as provided in Section 240 of the
Companies Act,20l3.
24. The Petitioner Companies are directed to file a copy of this Order
along with a copy of the Scheme of Arrangement with the concerned
Registrar of Companies, electronically in E-Form INC-28, within 30
days from the date of receipt of the Order by the Petitioner
Companies.
25. The Petitioner Companies to lodge a copy of this Order and the
Scheme duly authenticated by the Deputy Registrar or Assistant
Registrar, National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, with
the concemed Superintendent of Stamps, for the purpose of
adjudication of stamp duty payable within 60 days from the receipt
of the Order, if any.
26. The present Company Scheme Petition i.e. C.P.(CAA)l46lMBl2026
in C.A.(CAA)1231111B,12026 is allowed and disposed of, ordered
accordingly.
sd/-
Prabhat Kumar
Member (Technical)
I/ipul Ghatesd/-
Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey
Member (Judicial)
.h3 -"gz
Assistz n i Regi51;31
National Conipan'; taw TribunalNATIOtJ,!i.
,) i., I , '... .....
[).;'L,.]i,l,, r,.
J).rtr i.,,l]\ rl .:
li.:ii.,r l, | -l
Fr',' ir., 'i :..... ..
Irr'fi,,, . I ,:-i.*.i2r:?.6.::::..6)lnr'L-1
,,;..t-i.:i. ,{-..-('
i:!o)tR\l(i' Lilw TRIBUNAL
, ri ,, r.',i ilL '.Cil)
i I) 'it rl' .iRilF: COPY' l;; i.'ll('i)i.ir.2-l 8o
I
..i.i8...
r!(\\"/,
llrT;t;'.,'.1n
(Sigrr.rr\ire & Se.rl)I\Drrr Bf
Page 11 of 11
fwr-a,tru €
8,1
Afyr,ri^.i't'
001243
,^ 14 e-Y u','f ' ft:i
p
ISCEEME OF AMALGAMATION
OF
AMBA RIVER COKE I,LIIITED
(ARCL' OR,TIIE TRANSFEROR COMPANY 1)
AND
MONNET CEMENT LIMITED
cMcL' oR'TIIE TRANSFEROR COMPAi{Y 2)
AND
JSW RETAIL AND DISTRIBUTION LIMITED
CJRDL' OR'TIIE TRANSFEROR COMPAITY 3)
WITH
JSW STEEL LIMTTED
(.JSL" OR'TI{E TRANSFEREE COIUPAYY)
-+\D
TIIEIR RESPECTI\T SEAREEOLDERS
UNDER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 OF TEE COMPANIFS ACT, 2(}I3 AND
OTIIER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF TgE COMPA}IIES ACT' 2013l:trco
*eel
Boa
Certifled Tiue Cco-v
(A) PREAMBLEJ.i.\;'.
This Scherne of Amalgamation is presented uuder Secdoas
Corqanies Act, 2Ol3 aod other applicable provisions, if any' of ttre Companiis
Act, 2013, as may b€ applicable, for arnalgamatio! ot'AEba RiY€r Coke Limftcd
I .,.. _...rr,:i:_.
('ARCL' or 'the TraDsferor Company 1') aEd Moonet Ccmqf Limited ('MCU- - '"'-' -.,1'
CertifidTruo@Y -.'i-1-*
:,
2rlt:.ri I
. _tL^
I srutcbnn1'
Si
19
I
T
t
JEEV
INrRrPArHr r5llT;rli3r\+
B){
or'tbe TraDsfercr Company 2') and JSW Retail ard DisaibutioD Limited
('JRDI' or 'the TraDsferor Compauy 3') lthe Tralsferor Company l, the
Transferor Company 2 and the Transferor Comlauy 3 are collectiyely rc&Eed to
as 'the Transferor Companies'l with ISW Steol Limired ('JSL' or 'tleTransfqee
Compary') and thei-r respective shardroldeB (lhe Scheme'). This ScheEe also
provides fot various othor rnahers consequential or othcrwjse iotegrdlly
connected lherewith.
Stock'- it -- -061?44
nll 5r$t!( Y zaARI,(B)
i.
ii.
iii.
+iBACXGROUND OF THE COMPANIES
Thc Traasferor Company 1 is arl unlisted public compary e gaged iE rhe
business ofmanu&.cturing aad selling coke and pellet from jts ftcilities
located at Dol1.i. Thc Transferor Company I is a direcr wholly own€d
subBidiary of the Trarsferee Coopany.
The Traosfef,or Company 2 is all unlisted public coEpany cureatly not
having any business operadods_ It is a direcl wholly owned subsidiary of
the TrE sfere! Codrpany.
The Traruferor Company 3 rs engaged in faciliratiDg rDarkel irg and se[hg
of steel products and provide technical consultarc-v sewices for design ,
development and production of all forns of srcal, aluminum sheets and
mctal sheets-
Tralsferee Company is a listed comp€ny engaged in the business.6f -'
maoufacture aEd sale of iron ard sre€l producrs. Thc equiry shares
Trarsferee Company atc listed on BSE Lirnired aod Nationalof$Ei,I
9ET:ceala
,ir9Bis
t
C-fir*tl,,
Y3''t
Exchange of India Limited- Furthcr, the S€culed Rede€nable Non'
Colvenible Deb€ntules of thc Transferee Compatry are ljsrcd on BSE
Limited aod Fixed Rate Senio! Unsecwed Foreign Cuneocy Denominated
Notes of tie Tiansferee Compa[y are lised on Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Lioircd.
(C) RATIONALE FOR TEE SCIIEIIE
The Tmoderee Compaay is a well-established company engaged in the
business ofmaaufacuring in ircn and stesl pro;ucls.
Tbe amalgamarion of the Transferor Companies \Mit! the Trznsferee
Coopa.oy would have thc following bencfits:
. Th€re are several comEonsliries and syDcrgistic lirkages and the
am.algamation will I€sult in operatiooal effciency;
. Pooling of tho techtricsl r6or[c€s, perso4nel, capabilities, skills and
expertise leadiDg to optimum use of infrastruchfe, cost reduction and
efficiencies, rcduction ofadE aisrrdtive and oporatioual costs;
Ensuring a strcariined group structure by reducing the nfl/3
001215
4
R+eqritics in the goup and reduqDg thc multiplicity of legal
+compliarc€s required at prescEt;1+\
+strative and operatonai coavenience; 
^ I .1:3:: t. : i-ar.:] !
lizing cosrs by eliqfnating multiple record leeeping -dntr-...
sdmirdstlative firnclions; and
. ReducinS {me and e-rforts for consolidalion offilatrcials at the grcup level!\sl\tl u
l.s9
o'(-
-\,l'L.2- .)ir
IOI
&
ta!
'.1+legalT
L. i! I]:illE,r.
1
' 13' n:,16"rlls6AI
t)r-t
(D) pAR'tsoFTrrEScHEr,lE: 90i24$
This Schen^.e ofAn'ulgarDation is div;dei jDto rhe follc.'ving parts:
PA-RT I Deals *irl Dcfraitiolt, InterPretatioD d Sbare Capital;
PART II Deals wiiJ the amalgamaiion of Amoa i{iver Coke Limited aDd
Mon-.rct Cement Limilai ard -rSW Reiail ar1d Distdbutiot Limitcd
with iSBr Steei Lir:rred;
PART III Deais with the gebeial tems and ccndrtions apPlicabie to lhe
Scheme
PART I
DEFINRIONS. INTER}RETATION AND SSARE CAPIT,{L
DEFII(IIIONS
ir thts Scherne of Arnalgamarion, ulless inco[sistert u;irh the subject or
cDtuext, lhe following expiEsions shall hive tie meenlng respectiveiy
assigred against themi
l-l i'Act" or "the Act" means th: CorDpades Act, ?0.13 alid lhe rul(s and
reglledons mace fiereuoder, as tie case ma_i be, and shall Lnclude any-t\,(j":!1 . ,
.. i,': ;
d: ..' statxtory modifications, arrendnenG or re-ensctment thereoi for the linG.
+-'5eug u lorce: ,:Bt
Appointed l)ate" mears i",A.pril, 2026 cr such other cate as may'E,i..
,{ppropriare Authority,. ;.'--.
approved by lhe Nationai Companl La* Tribrural or such otl]er ' ,11
'.::'lz-.3.:: a-. -
,i {"';:l':llii,:i .{ i:: 1 ','.:',;
:'. -.1. ., -_'1: /.; I-.4
,-, ...- (.<l>^ -.-.#I
/.
e t)
00124? i-3 "Appropriste Auttority" means any applicable cental, state or local
goverrDent, iogislaril'e bcdy, iegrllstory, adminisuative or sratutory
aurhority, egency or coEmissiou or depa[mert oi pubiic or judic.ial body
or auihority, hcluding, bur not limited to tl':e Sccudties ard Exchange
Board of lndia, the Stock Exchanges, the Regronal Director, the MLDistry
of Corporate AffaiN, rhe RegistEr of Coarpanies and ihe National
ComDa[y La., Tribunal;
1.4 aARCL" or 'rtbe TraDsleror Company t' meafi Arnba fuver Coke Lirnrted
(Coryoratc IdeniiscatioD Nuaber i'CN')i U23l C0tv1Hl997PLCl 10901), a
compar\.v jnc,r+oratad uoder Ccrusnies Ac! 1956 and having irs Rcgistered
Offlc€ located at JSW Cenrre- Baodla Kurla CoEplex, Bardra (East), Murib8l,
iuaha'ashEa.40005I.
1.5"Board of Directois" o: "Board" sreEos the Board of Directors of the
Translbror Companies or oi the Trarsihee Compaoy as rle contexl ma)/.,
requte and shal1, unless it be repugoant to rhe context or other*,ise, irclude
a duly constituted coqlrniftee ofdl.ectors or any lerson(s) auihorised by.
the Boald of DiJecxcrs or such commitlee ofdirectors; :'
"Effective Date" or *comiDg iDto effect of this Scheme" or "upoa t[e
scheme being cffective" or "effectivetress ofthc ScbeEte" means tle last
of the date or dares ol uhich ail the c.Ddirions and maite$ refefied to rn
Cla'Jse l6 are fulfille4 obrained orvraived off.:k
"F. -i'4
i-
+
ir
9
,(.hr
-,-1r..
i-. - .i:-. ,'^r,,, '- t-' - |11-r,..---;iF4
4.t3o
,:
a.d'?')
0)6
8e1248lJ "JRIDL" or "the Tr2rsferor Colrpary 3' meals JSW Rebil 6rd DisEibution
LiEited (CIN: U5l9S9MH2O21PLC356994), a coDatEny incorPoratcd undcr ltc
Corllpade-s Aca, 2Ol3 aBd havi.Eg ils Registqed Omc! ar 5'h Floor, JSIV Ccnrre,
Bandra Kuda Complex, Bandra (Easl), Mumbai - 400051;
t.8 "JSL' or *the Transferee CoEPaoy" rDeans JSW Stcel Limitcd (CIN:
L27I02MHI994PLC152925), a compaoy i'rcorporatcd under thc ComPanies
Act, i 956 ald havjnt ils Regis tered Oflice al JSW Cetrtre Bandl'd Kurla Complex,
BaDdra (East), Mumbar - 400051,
1.9 "NCLT" meaDs the Nadona.l CoEpany Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, rhe
Natiouai Company LaB'Appeilate Tribunal and any other competent
alrhority as constiruled anc afihorized as per the provisions of the
Companies Acq 2013 for approving atry scheme of arreogement,
complorniso or rcconstudioo of compades under Seqion 230-232 of the
Companics Acr, 2013;
it.1O "MCL'or'rhGTrs0sfdorCoEpatry2'rEeaEsMoDDetCemeEtLiEirea(CfN:,-.q'l= -'\
+U26941Mll2007Ptf45l?741, a co@paEy iDcorporared uDdcr Companjcs AdC'
1956 aod havilg irs Rctptered Omce ar 5u Floor, JSW Cenrq galara furta l
+,
"L<implex, Badra (East), Munbai - 4@05L :
of,^
1-
(*Ja=f("
i/
"r^J'i-..-\,0rs
:l1e
7rr
.,' , I qa,f
l.1l 'ScheEe- or "ahe ScheEe" or "this Scteme" means this SchcEe of
AihalgaEarion i, its presclt form or with 8Dy Eodification(s) madc under
Clause '14 ofthis Scheme as ap6oved or direded by ttrc NCLTI
1.12 "SEBI" rDcals thc Sccudties Exchaage Board oflDdiai
1.13 'SEBI (Listing Obligatioos rDd Disclo3rre RcquireE€Dts) ReSulatious
2015" means fte rcgulalioos issucd by SEBI for adhercnce ofa listed company
bcEiDafter rEffied as 'Lisritrg ReBiations' as a-EeDdcd ftom rhoe to tiErc;
l.l4 "SEBI Circulars" Eeans the oaster circular No-
SEBVHOiCFD/PODZCIR.r2023,93 datcd June 20, 2023 issued by SEBI or
master circular No. SEBVHOIDDHS/DDHS-PoD llPlclRn0zs/
0000000103 dated July ll, 2A25 or any otLer cuculars issued by SEBI
applicable to this ScheEe;
1.15 "Stock Erchargel mea$ ore BSE Limited ('BSE'), the National Stock
Exchangc oflndia LiEited ('NSE') and/ or wirerever applicable Singapore
1.16 "Transferor Compa es" means Amba River Coke Limited,Exchange Securities Trading Limited;8/l
0CI12{9
oA
{r.. i. i.iEIY
Coment Limited and JSW Retail aad Distributioq LiEited collostivel*
llrmed as *Transferor Companies",
tems a.od words not defmed in this Scheme shall, udess rcpu8naDt or :.
coDEary to the context or fletuirrg thereoi have the same meaning ascribcdt-k
ft
*
f
t-
a*eeo
a
\c+"BEYP.UDsutrIbaMr.GBaodr3aGsl$raMajtI6{1!,1o.ReEd4l1DI
e
.)*fiu,e
IB
x1la-T
',\ is
*&
to rhem under lh3 -A.ci a31d othe. aPplicable laws, rules, "guladons' bye
laws, as thc case may be including a-ay statutory modificarioD or re-
enaaLrDdrt thereoffpm t'mc ic ti e
2 D.{TE OF TAKING EFFECT AND OPERTTIVE D.4.TE
2.1 Thc Scheme sei out herein ;n iilj plese[t l-orm or e'ith any modincation(s)
aporoi.eC or imposed cr directed b, thc NCLT or raade uocier Clause 14 of
this Scherne shall be eff:clive fr.rm lhe Appointed Date t'ut shall become
opqative from tr\e Effective Date
3 SHARE CAPITAI,
3.i The AEthonzed, Lssued, Sub€c.ibed and Paid-up Share Capital of the
Tra:-rsferor Comqany I aJ on 3 is March,2025 is as undei:
Particulrrs
uthorized Share Capitd
i,10,00,00,000 Equity Shares.,f Ii\'R i0'L each
Total['i fl
00i250
AElount
0n INR)
r J,t,0,u0,uu,uuu i
ir\Rr3,00,00.00,000t? J 'tot l
Issued, Subscrilred aEd Paid-up Shrre Capita!
99,e4,01,170 Equiry Sia:es ofDiR 10/- eacir. tully 99,44,0i i,700
paid upT
P.DUI}EY
Bard.a GL itu_':lbar
It
trJrharashsa
REgds-o.ll161
Exp. Dt?r{1?030.
ofI99,44,011,700 l
li:;'
li :
\. ,F'tn^''o , - .,i:I1.
..,.... ., .i .,
r)?
Subsequenr to 31't Mar+! ?02i, there has been no change in the
Aurhorized, lssued, SubsriL,ed a d Paid-tlP Share CaPital ofthe Transfercr
Coopany i -
The TrarL"feror Compan,v I is rvholly owoed subsidiary cI rhe Tmnsfcree
Company.
1.2 The Authorized, Issued. Suoscribed and Paid-up Share Capital of the
Transferor Corrrpany 2 as on 3li March. 2025 is as under:
Particulars AnouDt (iE II\R)l
Authorized Share Capital
5,00,00,000
Issued, Subscribed ard Paid-Ep Sbare Capital
2i,90.000 Equity Sharcs oflNR 10,/- eaclr- flilly
pard up2,19,00,000
Totsl 119,00,otaT00135t
,IA
,l
Suixequent ro 3l= March, 2C25. rhere has been no change in lb} _.'
Aurhorized, Issued, Subscribed a-nd Paid-up Sharc Capital ofthe Trangferoi
' Com:any 2 The Traosferor Cc rnpany 2 i-. 'r hclll orvr# subsidicry of rheit,-
'haasferee company. '',*S p. DUB;y
Bandh Gr Itu::::, ii
ll!hareshrri: i
oRegd.,,Li
No.lit6, :
Dt j/4/za:c
o]:'
:tt!1
...' -(.
i)- 'i
\ ,.'5.00,00,000
lt'-* $c'
^. :{-| 50.00,000 Equiry Sharcs of INR 1CA ezch
\ l"r{-1160+
AEI
f-l..
C "t6
001.i5?
3 3 The Aurhorize{i. tsuea, Subscibed aad Paid-up Share Cafltal of the
Trarr"feor Compar.) j a"; on 3l'!,1arcli, 2Cl5 $ as uoder:
Particulars AIrloubt (in INR)
Authorized SLare CaPItal
10,t00 Equjry Shares oaIN?- i0,'- each 1,00,000
1,00,000
Issued, Subscribed aDd Paid-up Share Capital ;
10,000 Equil-v Sheres cfINF- 10i- eacl1 tuUy
paid u_o
TotNl 1,00,000 
I
Subeequent ro 31" lr4arch, 2025, there has bcen ao change in tle
Auahor2ed. Issriea. S,rb'criced trd PaiJ-up Share Capit3l oilhc Transfercr
Company 3. The Translbror Company 3 is wbolly cwnei subsidia-q' ofrhe
Trdnsferee CoiEpan) .
3.4 The Autboriz€{i, Issued, Sirbscribed and Psid-up sharc Ca?ital of the
Transferee Corn:any as or Sin lvia.ch, 2025 r-< as under:
+ Particulars Amouot (ir INR)
Beldre CI [lumbar Authorized Sbare Capitat00000
Retd-rlo.lll6'{_t,oTA
S P. DUBEI
tI'!aharish(ri?\.
:
ErpDI ?/'l/'20:1070,30,00,00,000 Equit, Shares oiiNR i^ sach ?0,30,00,00,000
of39J,Cx1,00,000 Pleference Shares ofRs. l0^ eacL 39.50,00,00,000
oT
J. : '--i ,.,..,.
L.- -1.-i- . -,'tal I09qlqps,000I Total
a'
['J I
001253
Paid-up Share Capital
ares oi I\R i 0/- esch, 2A4,54,53,966
:ully paid qo
Total 2,44,54$3,966
Subsequent rc -11" i!{arlh. 2015, there has been uo ciraage in the
Authorized, Issued, Subscribed ar:d Paid-up Share Capital of :be Traosltree
Conoa-nv-
'l he equiry shares of the 'l-ransr'eree ComD..rv are cunently iisted on BSE
ald NSE. Fulther, the SeiureC Redeemable \on-Convertible Debenrures
of the Tnosferee Compatry are i;sred on BSi and rhe Fixed Rare Senior
Unsecued Forergr Currenry Danoliirarec Notes of the 'lransteree
Coinpan) are listed on Siogapore Exchange S.cuities Trading Lrmit€d.
PART TI
-{MAI-GAMA TIoFTRA oR coi\tPA\IES WITH\
TRANSPERTE COI{PAYY
..*-,,..,:l::.:i,'i',r'IA La5.
S P.I}UBiiY
fBancra Gi.lirlor'!ai
Ma5 a-'asl'.r':t
Ref
Exp.\';,
TRA:\SFER AND l.ESTIlf G OF LNDERT.{KING
.i. I Subject to tie piovisions of th:s Scheme as specified hereircfter and wi
effecr from rhe Appointed Date, rie enrire business and the undedakjng of
the Transferor Companies inaluding ail lheir properties and assets,rh --
r,/.\
Akt=01r
8aa.
(whechor movable or imdovable, tangible or intangiblc), leaschold asscts
and other propertie.s, real, iD Possessiotr or reversion, present and
mntingent assets (whether tangible or irtangible) ofwhatsoever oaturq all
the receivables, ad!'alces, deposits etc., and assets of the Traosferor
Companies comprisiog amongst orhers all Plant ald machinery,
ioyest(reErs, aod busjless licenses, perEits, authorizations, sanctiotred
limits ifafly, rights and benefits of all agrcerDents and all other iDter6ts,
nghts aod poweis of wery kind, nanue and desc ptioD whats,oever'
privlleg€s, liberties, easernents, advantages, benefits and apProvals'
advance and other taxes paid to the authorities, braod names, tBdemarks,
copy riShts, lease, te.ancy rights, sta$tory permissions, conseuts aod
regisrmtioos, all rights or ti es or interest in Foperties by viltue of any
coufi deeree or order, all records, files, papers, coatracls, licenses, Iower
of arome-J, Iease, tenancy righB, lefter of intcnts, permissioN, bencfits
uBder incoEe tax law and indLect tax law (iDcluding but oo! Iimitcd to
credit for advarce tax, tax deducted at source, uouti.lized deposits or0$1?54
.J)A
credits, miniEum altemdet&x. rax refriEds, cFdit for service tax, sales-1tttJ 'j-o't4 / value added tax / goods End servic€ tax and / or any othersPq_- 
-
S P. DUIIEYjncentivcs uoder irdired taxes, if ary) and all other rights, title, inie-At,
*Biudra G. llunrbai
contracts, conseD! approvals or powers of every kind and descriptiotL:1] '-
lgreements shall, pursuaar to the ordq of NCLT and purusnt to:::: --
provisions of S€cdotrs 230 tD 232 of the Act and otler aPplicable
provisions of the Act and without flrther act, instrument or decd btrt]ta-ba-rashria
Regd. No I t6J
Ot ?i4/zBar
.or
9
i)iS14a
IY_ . l;. .' ';-i',,{#*
\ry\\&
AI+}En
o.7t:'
8E:
cG1255
subject to the charge-s affecting tbe sarEe be vested and,'or deeflred to 'oe
tested iII TaaEsfere€ Compaoy oD a going coflcem basis so as to become
the assels oi the Transfeaee Compariy with all rights, title, intere$ ol
obligatioDs of the Tratrsferor Companies 
"herei'r-
4-2 In resped of atl tbe novable assets oflbe Traffferor Co1'npanies and the
assets which fie oihe$ise capable of transfer by physical deljvery or
endoisemenl and delivery, inciiding cash oD iand, shall be so tratrsferred
to the Traasferee Company erd CeerneC tc have been physicall)' handed
over by physical delivery oi by endorsement aad delivery, as the case may
be, to the Transferee Compaly to the end and inrent tlai ihe properfy and
beneEt thereh passes tc Lhe Tra,rsferec Con,pai;' rvith efttct from the
Appointed Date pErsuant to such delivEry.
4.3 Il respect of any assets of ',he Traasferot Corroaoies oLher than those
me lioned irl Clause 4-2 ebcva inciudiog actioaable cJaims, deposits
-4.:-idcludiilg depcirs paid in relatioi lo oursaanding ltigatrons, sordry ---.-: --.:
debto;s, outstalding loans, adva:1ces reco'erable iE cash or ki,d or ""t" *)Ati ' 
.
;>' ' --r--'.j '1
ro be received frorr ofter auGcriiies and bodies aoc ;ustomers, sh+lli'''., "r'"''r''--'-'- f;
--- '.!itho,rt an]' furthfi acq instn.lmel]t or deed, be traruferred ro and vesreid' , : . - 
..oTA
S P DUBIY{
*Bandra C r. Ilufiib3l
t {a-hiuashua
ReB: No.l l lS{
Dt 71412030iDlo as the propeity ofthe Trar,stlree Compaoy, T'ne Transf^rror Corapatries. : ,
nray-, !f so required by the T€,rsferee Compeny, issue notices in such form
OI
as ahe Tiaflsieiee Compaiy rEay deem it and prcper ststirx8 rhat pursuant
_.' *,,t _.
(..':'-'. ,]1] i.!jr,
:i
..:
'':::,.-.: -.,,o-,, .
- t- ' i::,
..tj,.:l
to the NCLT haviog 3aD.tioned this Sch*ne betweei tlle Tmtsferor
Compades a.od the Transl-eree ConFaDy under Sec[ions 230 to 23? ofthe
Act, the relevaEt debl, iol'1. gdvance or other asset, be pai,j or made good
or helcl on aac.unt of the Transferec Company, as lhe Persor efltitled
ihereto. to Lie qld and .ntenl lhai the iight of rie Transfeior Compaaies to
rccover cr realie the sare sta;lds iransferred ro the Transferee Company
and thar appropdate enrlies shnuld be passed in their r.specti'/e books to
record the aioresaid char,ges.
4.4lvith effect Aon1 die Appcj,:1tii Dale, any sta1,utcry licenses. permissions,
appror.als, ali 3llocaricns bi. ihe Eoven:meli, no objection centficates or
cor'rsests to cai4, cn 'ie cperaiioos and ,)usiness of, the Taansfercr
C-olnparies aDC io nhic! ihe ?ransioror Companies are eotitied to in lerms
of the various sratur€s: scher:es, policies etc-, of rhs aentrai or state
govel nedB; jrcludinS, witout prcjMice tc the generaliry- of th€
foregoing, benei.ls ro the Tlaqslt or Compaay I ..rnder packaged scheme
of inceltives exiended b:/ fie State Goyer*lsrts, shall staild vested in or
nansferred to ihe Tralsiiree Companv withcu; any further act or deed ardrdq
0$1?5$
t&RlU shall be approlriately rEutated by ihe stahrIory authorities concerned in*
s;: r.:tljr:rr.
Band:e Cr tiur:!rr,
i%C. ,!. it tal ,..,,i:.t
,ani? r '*favor of the Transleree Coftpa:ry. The benollt of di1 siatutory
.
regulatory peirEissions or clea:ances, registiEtions or orher lirxnsesrarEi,
cooserrts shall vest in and soall 'oe in f'rll force ard effeci iD favor of tlle ,'::.: ..-
Transferee Compzn_v and .'nay be enforced as fuliy and eifectuall-"-' as ii\i
&D. ii /..l2C'ii)
of,'
i::],I :L
,---\,-'u-5t -
:l';.:.s"'-jl
f,ar
001?5?
ins tead o f the Tmosferor Companics , the Trans feree Company had bcen the
party thereto or the beneficiar),or obliSe€ thereofpursuant to this Scheme.
4.5 Wrh eff€ct fioln the Appointed Dare, all debls, liabiliries, contingenr
Iiabilities, duties aod obligstions of the Trarsferor Companies, whether
providcd for or not in the books of accounts of tle Transferor Companies
shall, pusuant ro the Order ofthe NCLT or such other competeDt autbority
as rnay be applicable under Section 230 to 232 aod othcr applicable
provisions of the Act u.ithout aay fiIther act or deeq be transferred or
deemed to be tansferred to alld vested in tbe Tmnsferee Company, so as to
trcome as from the Appointed Date the debr,s, liabilities, conrinS€nt
liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferee Com;uny on the same
terms ald conditions as wcre applicable to rhe Transferor Companics.
4.6 The transfer of assets a.Ed liabilities pursuant to Clause 4,1 and Clause 4-5
above 8!d the coDtiauance of proceedings by the TraNfere€ Company
pusuant to Clause E shall not affect any tra$action or procecdings already
/lA\
co
?a
J'L^ 'l;,.;\^' 3"!L.^,fFe
'i,r1
F{a
c $ 1258
I4.7 Where any of the deht, liabilities, duies and obtitalions of &c Transferor
Company as on tbe ApPointed Dalq dcrmed ro be transfened to dle
Tmosferee Coopany have been discha$'d by the Trar:sferor Compaoy' as
rhe case may bq aier the Appoioted Data and Pno! to the Effcctive Dalc'
such discharge shall be deemed to have been for and on accood of the
Transferee Company.
4-8 All the cxisling securities, mo gages, charges, eocumbrances or liens' if
eny, as on the Appoinred Date and those 6eat€d by the Transferor
Comparies over the assets of lhe Transferor Compalies after th€ APPointed
Date and subsisting as oD the Effective D8!e shall, after the Effective Date,
continue to relate and aEach to such asse6 or any part thereofto which they
are rclated or attached Prior ro the Effectiv€ Date. Such securities,
mortgages, chalgos, eflcumbranc€s or iiens sball trot rclate or attach or
cxtend to aEy of the othe! assets of lhe Transferee Company-
Provided always that the Scheme slall nol op€rare to enlarge the securiry
for any loarr d?osit or facility availed ofby thc Transferor Companies' if
any, and thc TraGferee Company shall nor be obliged to cEate aDy firnh€r
o! additionat security thsr€of after the Effective Date or otherwise. loz
+t
ithout prejudice to the provisions of the foEgoing Claus€s,
TraDsfe.ror Companies aad the Transferee Company shall execute all such
msruments or documents or do all Ih€ acts and deeds as may be required,
Diso
li=l
\Y\--
rC!
.),"---.lL-lit.rr'F40
!il[il l/
'1
A
1.,c4e
I:I:clr
CI01259
IA
3.?.E{
Bo"'d'R+-including the filing of occcssary particulars andor llodiicatio(s) of
charge, with the Registrgr of Companies, Mumbd if aay, to give formal
effect to the above provisions, ifrequired.
4- 10 with effect fiom the Effective Date until sucl times the names of tbc bank
accouaLs of the Traasferor Companies rvould be replaced vith that of tle
TraDs&ree Company, the Transferee Compapy shall be eotitled to opemte
the bsrk accounts of the iespective Transfercr Companies in the narEe of
the respective Trarsferor Cornpanies in so far as may be nec-essary- All
cheques aod other negotiable irstruments, payment orders received or
presented for encasbment urhich are in the name of the respective
TEnsft.ror Compaoies after Se Efective Date shall be accepted by fte
bankers of the Transferea Conpany and credited to the accounl of the
Transferee Compaoy, if plesented by the Transferee ComPany. The
Transfere€ Compatry shall be aliowed to Elaiqt8in bank acc€ulrs in the
name of respective Traosferor Compaaies fot such tirrle as may be
deterroined to be necessaq/ by lhe Tmasferee Company for preseolation
and doposition of cbeques an<i pay orders that have been issued in the name
*of the resDective Tra$feror Comoanies.\ +st't
a
n\ia!.
R.gd'il i:'ii
I tax liabiiities / refimds ,r credits / claiEs relatiag tlerem underq
lucome Ta,r Acq lg6l,lncomeTax AcL 2025, Customs Act, 1962, Central
Excise Ac! 1944, Central Goods aod Servic€s Tax Act, 2017, State Goods
rCo
4
9\.tt-'l;f*+? TSnI
**
C
lffxt
{T6ff6
t&D,s
F{r
8S1263
&J-and Services Tax Act,20l ?, InteSrated Goods a.Dd Services Tax Acl' 2017'
Unioo Territory Goodi aDd Services Tex Acr, 20 t?, state sales lax laws'
Central Sales Tax Ac!, 1956, service talq or othel applicable laws /
regulations dealing with taxes / duties ./ lgvies (hereimter in this Clause
reffied to as "Tax Laws") of the Trdlsfercr Coapatries to rhe exl€dt not
provided for or covered by tax provisioo io the fimDcisl statements made
as on the date immediately precedhg the ApPointed Date shall be trcated
as liabilities ,' refunds ,'credits / claims oftle Tra[sferee Company fiom
the AppoiDted Date alld shall be trarsfened to the Tra$feree Compafly
Any sulplus in the prcvision for taxatior./ dutieJ levies accotmt including
advalce ta\ ard kx d4{iucrcd at source, credit for minimum altsmative ta)(/
service tax, goods and servicc tax or such othet credits as on the date
immediately preceding the Appoinred Date v,.ill siso be hansferred to and
become the advaoce tarother tax of &e Tnosfele€ Compaly.
4.12 Mtbout prejudice to tle ScDerality of thc above, all b@efits, credits,
&refi:nds, excroEioas, inc€trtives or cotrc€ssiotrs t[lder Tsx Laws as may be
appl.icabh to which rhe Transfercr Compaaies are etrtr-Ued to in tcrms of
the applicable Tax I-ews ofthe uniotr ard state govemments in India, shall
available to and vest in thc TEnsfrr€e comp6-'Iy
t
4.13 The Transferee Company shall be entitled to file / rcvise its income ta:.(
rerums, service tax reruIlrs, value 6dded tax retums, central sales ta.i(tAR
L).,,1-. t:'J+
St
!:r
,/"-=-
.1t')'l;I::'ltti)ll
\:--' ,/i -(;;6- i'1-F r':...4A
u'j
r-aJ
0c1?61
rstu:rs, toods and servicc tax rE rirli, tax dcducied ar sorlrce cenilicates,
tax Ceducted ai source retums aad other statutory retums and filings, if
requircd under ihe Tax Laws. aqi shail have rhe rigbl lo claim or adjr:st
refunds, advonce ra( credirs, cledit for mininom altemate tax / rcx
deducted at so'nrce ,/ foreigl taxes withheld,/ aaid, itrput tai crcdits, of the
Transferor Cornpanjes il a!r]. as rnxy oe rcquired consequent !o
implementarion of this Scilerne.
4.14 The Transfelee Conpalry shall be enlided to avail various benefits and
incenhves under i.oduslrial deveLoplrcni incentire schemes and potcies of
the Govemment, if al.uy thai \yere being availed or wele a\.ailable ro the
Trarrslbror Companies. It,s deciered rhat pursu6nl to this Scheme, all the
benefils uiider such iDceDhve scheines and poiic.es shall srand tracslbrred
anC vesred ro the Transferee Comrary.
CONSTDERATION
As ihe Trarsferor Corxpanies aie whollv caaed subsidiaries of fie
Tmrsferee Company, no shaies of rhe Trar:sieree Cor:rpany shall bc
aliotled to\raids drscharge ol ;oasider-:tion cr ir iieu or exc}lange of tbe
equill/ sharehoiliing h the TErsfe(or Companies. Upon the coming into
effect of this Scheme, the shEre cortifi.ares. ii a'ry, ancVor dre shares in
elactronic forrr repiesentine llr sL3res in the Tra.lsieror Companies srall
be deemed to be cancelled ivitilou: any funhe: acr or deed for cailcellation
.he.eofand shail ccasi to be in exsrence accordilgly.
:,' ': .' :" l.i.l..
:' ]''IR
'isA!J
*
o
O(J
OFt
v
-.,n i:''.!..r' .;-' - ,:.i.'i
'\'l' a t lz;i?a-Bi ,.,,.1l'
ACCOIJNTING TREATMENT IN THE BOOI(S OF TIIE
TRANSFEREE COMPANY
Notwitlstanding sdlthing else contaired iD the Scheme, the Transferee
Company shall accoun! fo! the amalgamatiotr of the Transfercr Compades
in accordance with "Poolirrg of Intetest Mcthod" of accounting as laid
down ia Appeadix C of Indian Accormting Staldad (IDd AS) 103
'Busiaess Combinations' prescribed under sectioo 133 of the Companies
Ac! 20 13, read e'ith the Companies (Iodian Accouoti!8 Srandards) Rul6,
2015, as may be anended from time ro time in the book ofac.cou.nts such
that:
6.1 Tle Transferee Company shali record all the assets and liabilities, if any,
of each of the Transferor Companies vested in it pu6uanl to the Schemc,
ar the carryitrg values as appearing in the consolida.ted finsncia.l statemeals
of the Transferee Companl4
,A.6l.
''-h^;\'f)n6So
0812$2
,tAR)-
g.f.t
trI9r
.2 The idcnrilv ofthe reserves of the Transfcror Companies, shall be
/ and the Transferee Compary shail record the reserves of the'a)
Companies in the same fomr and at the carryitrg va.lucs as appeariog iD the
consolidated fiIlancial statcments ofTransfcree Company ;1.1 ,'\.j
+
oF+
e,A
:
a\a)eTei
*6tr'?1. +
.--E--tSis t,
',t-
?t
I .iP,--.lep
o:l
B8iu63
6.3 The valu€ of invcsutretrts held by the TrarBfeEe Company in the Trarsferor
Compades, shall sEnd cancelled pursuad to amalgamation and there shall
be no fi[ther obligatioE it1 that beha.lf;
+
6.4 Pursuant to the a&algamatiotr of the Traosferor Companies with the
TlaDsferee CoEpa[y, the Inter-Company balances belweeo the Traosferor
Compauics aod/or the Traasfoee Compaay, ii any, appearirg in the books
of the Trarsferee Company aud./or the T.aEsferor Companies shall stani
carcelled ard there shall be ro finther obligatjon in that belalt
6.5 The sr.rrphs, ifany, arising after taking the eflect ofclaBse 6.1,6.2,6.3 ar,d
after adjus&Dent ofclause 6.4 sha.ll be hansfe.r€d io the Capital Reserve in
the financial statefielts of the Transfere€ Company, The dehcit, if any,
arising after takig the effect of clause 6,1 to 6.4 and adjustEeot of
previously existing q€dit balance in capital reserve, ifany, shalt be debited
to the Retaifled Eamings io the foancial shtelosnts of the Traffferce
Company,;
Tr@sferor Companies aad the Transferee Compaoy, the accourting{Ao +
1lPSUw
\ililllB
G?' 6.6 ln case of any differences in actounti.ng policy between each of the ?,\ .r,-k
$'
Ir,.
or. -apolisies followed by the Trasferee Company will prcvail to eDsure that the
statement6 of tho Tmnsferee Company reflect the Eoancial
on the basis ofconsisent acaounting policl
Bis,lz^
(_
r5
qi
Tift2- .p-)s^*l*ti.r,--'
c !T!e
e,\
F.a
6.7 Comparative frllaflcial idorEation in the filaocial slatements of the
Transferee Company shEll be restaEd for thc accouatiag impact ofrEerge!'
as stared abovq as if the oerger has occurred ftom tlre beginning of tbe
comparative period. However, if lhe entines cam€ uoder commoo clDhol
aller that date, the P o. period i-oformation shall be rest$ed only fiom that
dare;
6.8 For accounting purpose, tle Scheme will be given effect on tlle date when
all subEtantial conditions for n'ansfer of the Transferor Companies are
completed; and
6.9 A.rry matter not dealt with in Clause hereioabove shall bc deaft with in
accordaoce wirh the iequireffeds of epplicable lndian Accountitrg
Staodards.
? CONDUCT OF BUSINESS TILL TEE EFFECTIVE DATE
7.1 With effect from the Appoi ed Date and up b and including the Effcclive
Date, &e Tralsfqor Companies sba.ll
carrying on is busines and activities
{{t of o" lusi""s for and on accornt
Trarsferee Company. Further,
?"\''G 0126 4
o.TA
r\(rf
+
*3'*"
7,Aro-zoF;to thc Transleror Companies or expenditEe, or loses arisin8 to or
incurred by thc Transferor Companies, wirh effect ftom rhe Appoirfied Dare
0ijCcr
t:
a//
t---raia
s^,1ee
shall for all purposes and intents be trealed and be deemed to be and accrue
as the proits or income or expendirur9 or losses of the Tlansferee
CcrhDany, as rhe casc rr.ay be.
7.2 Wjih effect ftom the date of approBl of this Scheme bI' the Board oi
Directors of the Tr6rsferee Ccap'+oy and up to a d ircludi.g the Effeclive
Dare:
(a) The Transferor Companies si'rall carry oc its-5usiness aod activities rn
the ordinary course of5usroess with reasonable diligenceaad business
piudmce 5nd shall not make borrcu,:ngs or undertake financial
iominitmerts either for itselfor on behalfoiBroup companies or any
third party or sell, kaflsfer. alienale, mortgage, charSe, or encumber
or otherwise deal with oi iiispose oi iLs essets, business or undenaking
o. any pan thereci sa1'e and er(ce.Di in the ordirary course of business
or urih the prior eriiter consent oithe TraEsferee Conpany.
(b) The Tra:rsferee CorDpafly shsll be artiiled to apply to the C€llllalfs:
001e65
'tA{
s. no Govemrrlert and aily othei Gcvemment cr staNtory.k i
{\ :,=y,.' '. '
authoitieyagelcieslbody concemed as a-re aecessary ulder:ny Jarv {,''. ..'''
,/. .-.
for such coisents, approvals, )icenses, regisimtions and sanctioEs .r_. .-. -g
F*
z^.-,/' u'hich the Transferce Cornpaoy may require to ca:ry on the business
of the TraDsferoa Companies
' -' .'t_i:\e
7/4/2fi0sDuAE,r Ba,)Cr.ulrl6a
6rt)
l.-
(.--.
831
0ff12$$
(c) The Tra$feror Coopanies shall not declarc ot pay any dividends,
whether interim or fina!, to their respective equity sharcholders in
respect of the accounting period prior to the Effective Date, except
with tre prior approval of the Board of Dir€ctors of Tmnsferee
Colnpany.
8 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
8.1 lf any suit, appea.l or other pmceedhg of whatevet lature by or against the
Transferor Compalies is pending, the same shall not ahle or be
discontinued or iir any way be prejudicially affected by reason of or by
, an}{hhg cortained in this Scbemq but tbe said suit, appeal or odrcr
proceeding rlay be contiDued aad enforced by or sgai$t the TransfeEe
Company, as i}le case may bq in the same mantrer 6nd to the saroe exteqt
as it would or aight hav€ beeE coEliDued aod enforced by or agairst the
Transferor Companics as if this ScLeme had Dot becn made.
8.2 The Transferee CoEpaoy undertBles to have all legal or otlrer poceedingi
o'fA'initiated by or against tho Traasferor Compaoies reffied to in Clause 8-I
S P. DUBEY above transfe(ed in its rleme respectively arld to havo the same continued,
*I ald !a G( M uqbai
Maharashtraprosecuted aad enforced by or against the Transferee Company to the same
Retd.NdllI64
Dt 7/41203t as would or might have been coEtiEued aod enforced by or againstA
$E'ts,!.s$
G, \ilJilti'\t
Baf
1\'a.$xs'o
lsol1,_'.,1.
-rlr:.!il i
L{p t
t-:
OF the Tra.llsferor ComDanies
7,^.
lr.zA.
i
saa
*
u7j.l-tuq
9
g\t"nnqt'.ft$
B a,tl iirl
.r'
.1-_.14'
Ptr
00126?
9 STAFF & EMPLOYEES
9.1 Upon this Scheme be.oming eaiective, ali emplo).ees, if any, of the
T;ansfe.-or Companies shall be decmed to bave'cecoEre employees of the
'fiansferee Compargr *.irh eitcr ftom the Appointed Date wrthout any
break, discorlinuance oi intermption in their sen ice and on the basis of
contixuity of service, and the terms and corditions of rheir ernployment
with the Transferee Compacy sirall not be less favorable tla. those
agplicable to them with reference to the Transferor Compaoies on rhc date
on wrich the Scbeme becomes eft'ective.
9.2 It is expressly Drovided thar, u9on tie Scheme becomirg efttclive, the
Providenr Fund, Gratuiry Fund, PensioD FuDd. Supera.nnuation Fund or any
otlv Special Fund or Trusts (hereinafter r=fered to as FuDd or Funds)
createti or exisriog for tle benefit of t?re ernployees of tle Transl'ero.
Companies" if any, shall bcco:ne tls$/fihCs of the Trosferee Company
-for all purposcs whaEoever in ielation to ihe administraho[ or of,eEtion of.i
such Fund or Funds or in rclarioc to obligatiot to tuake ..onrributior" ,o t$7'q,1I'!.^
said Firid or Funds in accor,la:rce wirh Lhe provrsions drereof as per ff \ ' I
tenrs provided ro tie respeclivg Tlust Deeds, ifajly, to L.te end and inteut ' -
fiat ell rjghs, duties, powe6 and obligations cf:he Transferor Companies1AI(
.,ti$I):.+
ll
oE to such Fund oi F-nds shall become those ol rhe Transferee
mpany. II js clalified thar ihe sen'ices oftle slaffand employees oflhe
.ti ' \81 '+'r"flO+
B;l9k
s
1ffiltI6
E]
Tra{sfEror Companies will bc treared as having beet continuo'rs for tle
purpose ofthe said Fuad orFunds-
9.3 Ir relation 10 the employees of the Tra$ferq Companies who are trot
covered under the Provideat Fund Trust of the Transferor Companies and
for whom the T.ansferor Companies are making cootributioEs to the
GovertmeEt Provideat Fund, tle Tlallsferee Company shall stand
substituted for the Traosferor Compaoies for all purposes wha$oever,
including those retating to the obligatiod to make codrributioDs to dle said
fund in accordance with the provisions of such fund, in tespecr of such
enployees.
9.4 In relatiotr to any other fi.md created or existing for the benefit of the
ernployecs engaged ofthe Transferor Companies, the Tansleree Coopany
shall stadd subsdtuted for all prEposes whatsoever, iacluding thore relating
to the obli€,ation to make conhibutions to the said fulds itr accotda$€ with
the provisions of such scheme, fiuds, tye la$s, etc. in respect of such
+ the employees ofthe Transferor Companies )vho become lhe employees
{-the Transferee Compary by virtue of this Schemo, shall not be e{titled to
vail of ay Schemes and beneEts (including employee stock options) rhat
may be appiicablo aud available to any of the otber employees of the
Trarrsferee Company (including bencfils of or under any employee stockemployees. It is clarified t\at save as exprcssly provided for in this SchernaBaodraP3<
B 01zfi I
o'f
s.t.DI]BF\],*\
IctCr. Y,uirba\
i''lrl,n!i
Re+;.'
0
Z {l
+
l,"To
Ia.o
.|,ffcgtA,B!y't,
9rPa YlJ
.<'y'n p ^!L.;: 1,'
a:1anl
r'
Fsl
oplion schernes applicoble to or covcring di or aDy of the oltrer emPloyees
of the Transferee Company), urless otherwise determined by tle
Trarsftree Courpary. Thc Transferee Compeny und€{takes to coDtinue to
abide by any ageemeny se{tleEretr! if aoy, enterd into or decrned lo have
beeE cDtered into by th€ Transferor Companies with any employec of the
Transferor ComFaaics.
IO CONTRACTS, DEEDS, APPROVALS, EXEMPTIONS, ETC
10.1 o1l atrd froE the Appoiabd Date and $rbject to tbe other provisions of this
Scheme, all contracLs, dceds, bonds, iasurance, lett€rs of inren!
undertakings, aragemela, policies, agrecrneots ard other instrumelts, if
ary, ofwhatsoever latule to whici the Transferor Compaoies is a party and
subsisti.trg or having cfect on ihe Effectivo Date, shall b€ iD fulI force and
effect agailsr or in favour ofthe Transferee Compaoy, as [rc case may be,
atrd may be cdorced by o! agaitrst the TraDsferee Compary as fully and
cffccrually &s if, istcad of the Traosferor Companies, thc
CoEpany had b€.n a party thereto e00126$
tA
TA+o
E. li
The Transferce Company shall. ifso required, eEter inlo a,Ild/ot issue
e.ute deeds, writings or confi.Eatjons or enter into aoy tripanite
arl_d.ogcmeEts, con6-rmations or novations, to which the Transferor
Companies will, ifnccessary, also be a party (ifapplicable) in oder to givet
o'
?
ry), -S, *,:.,'
/:,
+.
l1001??3
fon'nal effe$ 1o 1Ie piolisions oftlis Sciemq ifso required or if necessary'
The Transferee Co[lpa!]' stall be deemed to be authorised to execute any
such dceds, writings or confim-ations on behall of Lhe Transferoi
Companies anc to impierllenl or ca.rry out ali icrmalities requiral on dre
par of the Trarsfcror CorePanies to give e€ect ro fie Provisiolls of $is
Scherne.
S,A,\IING OF CONCLUDED TIT,I}IS^CTIONS
Tie transftr ofassets, propeni6- end Iiabilities Dider Ciadse 4 abov€ and
t-he continuance of proceedil':8s by o! agains: the Traasferoi Compantes
under Clar.:se 8 elove shall nol altecl any rairsaction oi proceedings
alrea<iy coneluded b;r tle Transierc r ComPa-njes on and ater lile A ppoinlcd
Date till the Eliective Dare to Lile end and intent that rhe TrMsferee
CcopaDy accep'rs 6ll acts, deeds and thjngs dcne eod executed by aEd / or
on behaliof the l raasferor Companies as acts, de€ds and things done and
exeoJi€d by &i / or on behalf,lfttre Transferee Cornpall-
0i\)^ ,-
't f\J J,
2 DISSOLUTION O}' T}IX TRA.\SFEROR COJVIPANTES *
,lOn the Scheme becor.riog effec.ite. the Tr3ns:t!o. CoinPanies shall staaA
/ dissglved witbout being wotutii-up','i. P.
---\{!uil15*\
i,:)E.
cL)tA
o1*
;irr
D\LZ7 i
PART Itr
CENERAI TER}IS :\ND CONDITIONS
13 APPLICATIO\
The Transfeicr Coopanies .-ni the Trarlslere. Compan], shall makc
necessary applications belbre ihe NCLT fo. Lie sarcrioD of this Scheme
ur.der Secuons 230 to 232 and orhe. aprlicable FovisiolB of tle Acl and
ibr sL'ekiog orders lbr dispe.si.g lyirh or convening, holdiog ard/or
coirducting oi the tI'leetilgs of :ii. resp€cfive s,,Mraholders/creditors.
14 ]I'ODIFICATIONS /.IVEI\DMENTS TO TEE SCEB\IE
The Transferor Companies anc thc Trarsfcree Company s,ith approval of
their respeqive Board of Dfecrois itralj ccnsent, fror11 time lo time, oa
behaif of all peFons conc.med, ro any rnodificattorN / amendmcnts or
addilions,' deletions Io the Schenre which g|ay clhcrwise be coosidered
necessaly, desirable or appropiarc by the said Board ofDirectors to resolve
all doubts or difficulries lhat rt1ay arise ao! carrying our this Scbeme and ro'IAI.TA do and execure all aots. deeds, rnatters and ,rliags necessaS, foru*e\+--i,.LltBIl!:\,
S P. DUBEYthis Scleme into efiect or alree io a-iry teims and / or conditions o1 r.,$
Bandla Ct i{uflbar
M'dh:,rashiIa
Retd, No.l I 161
rr$.t)t 7i.l/203t1q:
o-
.,..-.*Iimitations that ihe NCLT or a.y othei authofliies und€r law may deem 6t\
.!o approve oi ro direct ard r'or :mpose. The aforesaiC porven of rhe
Transfero. Cor:rDanies and the Trarsfe.e€ Co:npany ro give effed to the
nodificatioo I emendmenls .c ihe Sclemc xa.v be erercised by lheir
.t(uilfd/DiI
+
Ae
,.Jk,(.-ntrl
t: ,. ..'- - '
i]" \
i',... .i ' ''
8q.
efiL?,72
respeaive Boad ofDirectors or any p€rsol aurhorised in drat behalf by the
concerned Board ofDirectors subject !o aPproval offic NCLT or &ry othet
authorities uJrder the applicable law to such modificllioo / amendmeots to
the Scheme.
15 VALIDITY OF THX EXISTING RESOLUTIONS' ETC.
Upon the coming irto effect of the Scheme' the resolutons of the
Transfcror Conpauies as are considered necessary by the Board of
DirEdors of the Ttansicree Compsny whici are validly subsistint b'
. coasidered as rEsolutions of the Tralsferee Company. If any such
rcsolutions have atry monelary limits approved under the provisions of the
Act or any other apPli.able sta$tory prcvisions, rhen the said limits, as are
considsred ne.essary by ttle Board of Direcrors of tie Traasferee
Company, shall be added ro lhe ijmib, if any under the like resolutions
passed by the Traosferee CoopaaY.'r f1J't
16 CONDITIONALITY OF TEE SCflEME
This Scheme is corditional upon and subject to the following: ,-.,,
16.! The Sch€me beiag apFov€d by the requisite maiorities in number aDd '' ,-*value of such classes of persons ilcluding the respective sharcholders
aDd/or crcditors, if required, of the Transferor Companies atd the
TmnsfblEe CoErpany, as may be directed by rhe NCLT or afly other
Apprcpriate Aurhority as may be applicable;r).i..{
+
*
or\
$A?$tl
iroif,ai/,
lr\\
'Y&'7-r-S*D742030S P. DUBEY
Baodra Cr ],{u glbai
MilnraslEa
R etd- No. I I 164
.D
q
4r^ 4,8ENL:
i, is
e
*In
Pqt
0012?3
oT16.2 The requisitc Ea[ctioDs ffrd apgrova]s ofany ApFopriate AEthority, as may
be required by law, io repect of the Schcme being obtained;
16.3 The Schome being sanctioned by the NCLT uoder Scctions 230 to 232 ar,d
other Epplicable provisions ofthe Act; and
16-4 Certified clpy of tle Order oithe NCLT sanctioning the Scherne, being
filed with the Regisnar of Companies, Mumbai by tbe Tralsferor
Corapenies and thc Transferee Company.
11 EFFECT OF NON.RECEIPT OF APPROVALS
I 7- I In the el-ent of any of the said 6aoctions and apprcvais referred ro in the
prereding Clause rot b.hg obtahed a.rdr or the Scheme nol being
satrctioned by the NCLT or such otber compctcut autbority aDd / o! the
order not being passed as aforesaid beforc 3i', Deccmber, 2027 ot witbln
such further period or penods as may be ageed upon betweoE the
Tnrsferor Conpanies and lhe Tralsferee Compaay by heir Fspective
Boad ofDirestors (and which the Board ofDirectors ofthe Company are
hereby emlowered and authorized to agree to atrd extend the Scheme fiom
time to lime without aEy limitatiou), lhe Scheme shall become nu.ll and
void, aDd be of no effect, save and excepr in respelr ofany act or deed dolle
p or tlcreto as is contenplated hereunder or as to any right, liability, or
fobligatio[t which have arise! or accrued pErsuant tbcreto and which shall
be govqDed ard be preserved or worked out as is specifically Fovided in
the Scieme or as may otherwise anse in law and each pafiy shall bear and*
o
\C'
rsl
D ,,Y\\^ ! r,.; zl-C*/irtr2tilD7S P.DUEEK
SardraCr,Muobii
Vaharashrra
Regd.No l&
,hdqtF("9
atco
ntA1(I>.
-t
)
a
NA]'IOiIAI- CO}' i'A N}' LAW TRIBUNAL
( llU il l;/,1 UE[{Cl!)
CERTIT IED TO EE TRI)E COPY
OF THE ORI(iINA.
[')efir rcnr Fce:
Tr-rtal Fee P.rid t:6..
v^fDr,rry Ln.:................. ....0,.:...24*fi.9....
t).rte or Appli..rtron,.............p-.2J.0..2..1.1:.*....
r).. re copy Reddy :..................19.1..A..2.I..a]*.X....
D rr. trl Delrvery:.... ....,.-.-.-....,Lk..1..A1 I +o +-1
N; ;i;';;;;;:.: :: :.:::..: ::::=-.a:-.:-.:: ::..:.::::::::::::
f'oe p.rid r...............................!..(..a.1:......
tl('egl
lt(r
IR /D R,i,1a
ISrenrtLr t,& Scal)
t.or AIMBA BIVEB COKE LIillITEDAsristarri ReBistrar
amnacmPany awfluna
Cerlified irue CcPY
Fof Monnet Cemenl Li\,1ILLfitt?'14
o,f
*
-<,ry1+.^l*
€ifr ft r/Auuluisd Sigoabry
For 131i,Ste€l Limitod
COMPANY SECRETARV
'&:Mumbai - 4O0 0O5.
pay its r6pcctive costs, chsrges aud expenses in coniectioD wrtD Ine
SchcEc urlcss otherwisc muhrally agreed.
17.2 Save and except as menrioned ir Clause 17.1 above, iIr the eveot of this
Scheme failing lo take effect or ir becoming null ald vord, tro riShts and
Iiabilities of whatsoever nature shall accrue to orbe incurred i ter-seA
by the parties to the Scheme or any of them-
18 COSTS, CEARGES & EXPENSES
AII costs, chalges, taxes hcludrng duties, levies and all other
any (save as exprcssly orhenvise agreed) arising out of or incured itr
carrying out aDd implementirg this Scherne and matts6 incidental therclo
shalt be bome by the Traosferee Company.ult{ Passi
}
i1
-':f: .t.i
JSWRtlld[EIIIIu'r
RAJ !E\/ ( JIAN J-AII.I
COIi PAI.IY SE!R ETAH Y
( l,t-,.---'iE
Csrtified True CoPYor
@\Itc
-,-r4'ct (i
,(
e.*alxeDt 7l1lw0S P. DUBEY
Bardra Gr. MutDboi
Maharashtr.
Regd. No' llt6'
/Foer,rl
'"{o,
Lt -,r i azi,]
;!
G
tNtrrit t
L]

