 
 
 
July 1, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra- Kurla Complex  
Bandra East  
Mumbai 400 051  P.J. Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.:  Submission of Letter of Offer for Buyback of Equity Shares of Kajaria Ceramics Limited 
(“Company”) by way of tender offer from existing shareholders pursuant to the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018 and the Companies Act, 2013 (“Buyback”)   
 
With reference to the captioned Buyback and in furtherance of our earlier intimation regarding 
submission of Public Announcement dated June 24, 2026 published on June 25, 2026, please find 
enclosed the Letter of Offer dated June 30, 2026, along with the Tender Forms for demat and physical shareholders, which is being dispatched by the Company to the Eligible Shareholders within two 
working days from the Record Date be ing June 29, 2026.  
 
You are requested to take note of the following schedule of activities in relation to the Buyback:  
 
Sr. No.  Activity  Day Date  
1.  Record Date  Monday     June 29, 2026  
2.  Last date for despatch of Letter of  Offer  Wednes day July 1, 2026  
3.  Buyback Opening Date  Friday  July 3, 2026  
4.  Buyback Closing Date  Thursday  July 9, 2026  
5.  Last date of receipt of completed Tender Form and 
other specified documents including physical 
certificates (if and as applicable) by the Registrar 
to the Buyback  Thursday  July 9, 2026  
6.  Last date of completion of settlement of bids on 
the Stock Exchanges* Thursday  July 16, 2026  
* This activity may happen on or before the last date mentioned herein above.    
 
The Letter of Offer along with the Tender Forms for demat and physical shareholders of the Company 
are avai lable on website of the Company, i.e. https://www.kajariaceramics.com/storage/pdf/letter -of-
offer-alongwith- tender -form-june2026.pdf   
 
All capitalised terms used herein and not specifically defined shall have the same meaning as ascribed 
to such terms under the Letter of Offer.  
 
This is for yo ur information and record.  
 
Thanking You,  
 For Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
 
 
 
Vinit Kumar  
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
 Encl.: As above  
 
LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS  DOCUMENT IS  IMPORTANT  AND  REQUIRES  YOUR  IMMEDIATE  ATTENTION  
 
This Letter  of Offer  is being  sent to you as a registered  Equity  Shareholder  (as defined hereinafter ) of Kajaria Ceramics Limited (“Company” ) as on the Record Date , being Monday , 
June 29,  2026, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 , as amended  (‘SEBI Buyback Regulations ’). If you require 
any clarifications  about the action to be taken, you should  consult your Shareholder Broker ( as defined  hereinafter ) or your investment consultant or the Manager to the  Buyback i.e.,  
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited or the Registrar to the Buyback i.e.,  MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) .  
 
Please refer to the section “Definition of Key Terms” on page  1 of this Letter of Offer for the definition of the capitalised terms  used herein.  
 
 
KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED  
CIN: L26924HR1985PLC056150  
Registered Office:  SF-11, Second Floor, JMD Regent Plaza, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Village Sikanderpur Ghosi, Gurugram, Haryana - 122001  Phone : +91-124-4081281  
Corporate Office : J-1/ B-1 (Extn.), Mohan Co -operative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road,  New Delhi - 110044, Phone : +91-11-26946409  
Website : www.kajariaceramics.com ; E-mail : investors@kajariaceramics.com  
Contact Person : Mr. Vinit Kumar , General Counsel & Company Secretary  
OFFER TO BUYBACK UPTO  21,50,000 (TWENTY ONE LA CS AND FIFTY THOUSAND  ONLY ) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF RE. 
1/- (RUPEE ONE ONLY)  EACH  OF THE COMPANY , REPRESENTING  1.35% OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES IN THE TOTAL PAID -UP 
EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL  OF THE COMPANY  AS ON APRIL 30, 2026 , FROM ALL ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS (EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS AS ON THE 
RECORD DATE, BEING  MONDAY , JUNE 29 , 202 6 ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS, THROUGH THE ‘TENDER OFFER’  ROUTE  USING THE STOCK 
EXCHANGE MECHANISM , AT A PRICE OF RS. 1,380 /- (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY ONLY)  PER EQUITY SHARE, 
PAYABLE IN CASH, FOR AN AGGREGATE MAXIMUM AMOUNT  NOT EXCEEDING RS. 296.70 CRORES  (RUPEES TWO HUNDRED NINETY SIX CRORES 
AND SEVENTY  LACS  ONLY) (THE “BUYBACK”) EXCLUDING THE TRANSACTION COSTS  (AS DEFINED HEREINAFTER ).  
(1) The Buyback is being undertaken in accordance with Article 4 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Sections 68, 69, 70, 108, 110 and all  other  applicable  
provisions  of the Companies  Act ( as defined hereinafter ) and the relevant  rules  made  thereunder  including  the Share  Capital  and Debentures  Rules ( as defined 
hereinafter ), the Management and Administration Rules  (as defined hereinafter ), to the extent  applicable,  the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations read with SEBI Circulars  (as 
defined hereinafter ) and the SEBI  Listing  Regulations  (as defined hereinafter ) and including any amendments, statutory modification or re -enactments thereof, for the 
time being in force.  The Buyback  is subject  to receipt  of such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions as may be necessary and subject to 
such conditions and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the  statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or other appropriate authorities while 
granting such approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be required from time to time under the appl icable laws .  
(2) The Buyback Size (as defined hereinafter ) represents 10.27% and 9.87% of the aggregate of the paid -up capital and free reserves  as per the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, respectively, and which is within the statutory limit s of 25% of the aggregate 
of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial s tatements of the Company 
for the year ended March 31, 2026, as per the applicable provis ions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations . The Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back represent s 1.35% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company  as on April 30, 2026 . 
(3) This Letter of Offer will be sent  electronically to all Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company  as on the Record Date,  being Monday , June 29 , 
2026, in accordance  with the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations  and such other  circulars  or notifications,  as may  be applicable.  Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the  
SEBI  Buyback Regulations, if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of the Letter of Offe r in physical form, the same shall 
be provided.  
(4) For details of the procedure for tender and settlement  of Equity Shares , please refer to the “ Procedure for Tender Offer and Settlement ” on page 42 of this Letter  of 
Offer.  The Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  (the “Tender  Form ”) along with the securities transfer form (“ Form SH -4”) is enclosed  together  with this 
Letter  of Offer.  
(5) For details of the procedure for Acceptance, please refer to the  “Process  and Methodology  for the Buyback”  on page  37 of this Letter  of Offer.  For mode  of payment  of 
cash consideration  to the Eligible  Shareholders,  please  refer  to “Procedure  for Tender  Offer  and Settlement  - Method  of Settlement ” on page  50 of this Letter  of Offer.  
(6) A copy of the Public Announcement dated Wednesday, June 2 4, 2026, published on Thursday, June 25, 2026, is available on  the website s of the Company  
(www.kajariaceramics.com ), Registrar to the  Buyback  (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), Manager to the Buy back (www.nuvama.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com) . 
(7) A copy of this Letter of Offer  shall be available on  the website s of the Company  (www.kajariaceramics.com ), Registrar to the  Buyback  (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ) 
and Manager to the Buyback (www.nuvama.com ) and is expected to be available on the websites of SEBI  (www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE (www.nseindia.com ) and BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ).  
(8) Eligible  Shareholders  are advised  to read this Letter  of Offer  and in particular  refer  to “Details  of the Statutory  Approvals ” and “Note  on Taxation ” on pages  35 and 53 
of this Letter  of Offer,  respectively,  before  tendering  their Equity Shares  in the Buyback.  
MANAGER  TO THE  BUYBACK  REGISTRAR  TO THE  BUYBACK  
  
 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
Address:  801-804, Wing A, Building No. 3, Inspire BKC, G Block,  Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 , (Maharashtra ), India  
Tel No.: +91 - 22 - 40094400  
Contact Person:  Ms. Neetu Ranka/ Mr. Lokesh Shah  
E-mail: kajariaceramics@nuvama.com  
Investor Grievance ID : customerservice.mb@nuvama.com   
Website: www.nuvama.com   
SEBI Registration Number: INM000013004  
Validity:  Permanent  
CIN: L67110MH1993PLC344634   
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly  Link Intime India 
Private Limited)  
Address : C-101, Embassy, 247, 1st Floor, L. B. S.  Marg, Vikhroli 
(West), Mumbai – 400 083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel No.:  +91 - 81 0811  4949  
Contact Person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishna n 
Email: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance Id:  
kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website:  www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058  
Validity Period: Permanent  
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368  
BUYBACK  PROGRAMME   
BUYBACK  OPENS ON   Friday, July 03, 2026  
BUYBACK  CLOSES ON   Thursday, July 09, 2026  
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED DOCUMENTS BY THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK : ON 
THURSDAY, JULY 09, 2026  BY 5:00 PM (IST) 
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT*   
Category of Eligible Shareholders   Ratio of Buyback (i.e. Buyback Entitlement)*   
 
Reserved category for Small Shareholders  16 Equity Shares for every 127 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
General category for all other Eligible Shareholders  21 Equity Shares for every  928 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
*The ratio of Buyback indicated above is approximate and provides an indication of the Buyback Entitlement. Any computation o f entitled Equity Shares using the above ratio of 
Buyback may provide a slightly different number due to rounding -off. The actual Buyback Entitlement for reserved category for Small Shareholders is  12.59853716 3% and general 
category for all other Eligible Shareholders is  2.262955055 %. The exact Entitlement as per the holding as on Record Date shall be communicated electronically to the Eligible 
Shareholders along with the Letter of Offer.  For further information on ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each Category, please refer paragraph 21.6 on page 
37 of this Letter of Offer.   
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING 
THE STEPS GIVEN BELOW:  
1) Click on https://in.mpms.mufg.com/Offer/Default.aspx  
2) Select the name of the Company - Kajaria Ceramics Limited – Buyback 2026   
3) Select holding type - “Demat” or “Physical” or “PAN”  
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your “Folio Number” or “NSDL DPID/Client ID” or “CDSL Client ID” or “PAN”  
5) Click on submit  
6) Then click on ‘View’ button  
7) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’.  

1 
 Table of Contents  
1. SCHEDULE  OF ACTIVITIES  FOR  THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .............  1 
2. DEFINITION  OF KEY  TERMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  1 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  5 
4. TEXT  OF THE  RESOLUTION  PASSED  AT THE  MEETING  OF THE  BOARD  OF DIRECTORS  ..... 7 
5. DETAILS  OF THE  PUBLIC  ANNOUNCEMENT  ................................ ................................ .................  15 
6. DETAILS  OF THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  15 
7. INTENTION  OF THE  PROMOTER  AND  MEMBERS  OF THE  PROMOTER  GROUP  TO 
PARTICIPATE  IN THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 19 
8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 19 
9. NECESSITY  OF THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  19 
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND THE LIKELY IMPACT OF BUYBACK ON  
THE  COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 20 
11. BASIS  OF CALCULATING  THE  BUYBACK OFFER  PRICE  ................................ .............................  23 
12. SOURCES  OF FUNDS  FOR  THE  BUYBACK ................................ ................................ .......................  23 
13. DETAILS  OF THE  ESCROW  ACCOUNT  AND  THE  AMOUNT  DEPOSITED  THEREIN  ................  24 
14. FIRM  FINANCIAL  ARRANGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 24 
15. CAPITAL  STRUCTURE  AND  SHAREHOLDING  PATTERN  ................................ .............................  24 
16. BRIEF  INFORMATION  ABOUT  THE  COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ..............  26 
17. FINANCIAL  INFORMATION  ABOUT  THE  COMPANY  ................................ ................................ .... 31 
18. STOCK  MARKET  DATA  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......................  33 
19. DETAILS  OF THE  STATUTORY  APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ..................  35 
20. DETAILS  OF REGISTRAR  TO THE  BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRE  .............................  36 
21. PROCESS  AND  METHODOLOGY  FOR  THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .. 37 
22. PROCEDURE  FOR  TENDER  OFFER  AND SETTLEMENT  ................................ ................................  42 
23. NOTE  ON TAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  53 
24. DECLARATION  BY THE  BOARD  OF DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................ ...........  56 
25. REPORT  BY THE  COMPANY’S  STATUTORY  AUDITOR  ON PERMISSIBLE  CAPITAL  PAYMENT
 ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 57 
26. DOCUMENTS  FOR  INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  61 
27. DETAILS  OF COMPLIANCE  OFFICER ................................ ................................ ................................  61 
28. DETAILS  OF THE  REMEDIES  AVAILABLE  TO THE  SHAREHOLDERS/  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS
 ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 61 
29. DETAILS  OF THE  INVESTOR  SERVICE  CENTRE  AND  REGISTRAR  TO THE  BUYBACK  .........  62 
30. DETAILS  OF THE MANAGER  TO THE  BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ...........  62 
31. DECLARATION  BY THE  DIRECTORS  REGARDING  AUTHENTICITY  OF THE  INFORMATION 
IN THIS  LETTER  OF OFFER  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  62 
32. TENDER FORMS FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  ................................ ................................ ........  64 
33. SELF -DECLARATION  FORMS  FOR  NON -RESIDENT  SHAREHOLDERS  ................................ ...... 76 
1 
  
1. SCHEDULE  OF ACTIVITIES  FOR  THE  BUYBACK   
 
Sr. 
No. Activity  Schedule  of Activities  
Day Date  
1.  Date  of Board  Meeting  approving  the proposal for  the 
Buyback  Thursday  April 30, 2026  
2.  Date of declaration of results of the postal ballot for 
special resolution by the Equity Shareholders, approving 
the Buyback  Tuesday  June 23 , 2026  
3.  Date  of Public  Announcement  for the Buyback  Wednesday  June 2 4, 2026  
4.  Date of publication of the Public Announcement  for the 
Buyback  in newspapers  Thursday  June 25 , 2026  
5.  Record Date for determining the names of the  Eligible  
Shareholders  and the Buyback  Entitlement  Monday  June 29 , 2026  
6.  Last date for dispatch of Letter of Offer  Wednesday  July 1, 2026  
7.  Buyback  Opening  Date Friday  July 3 , 2026  
8.  Buyback  Closing  Date  Thursday  July 9,  2026  
9.  Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms            and other  
specified  documents  including  physical certificates (if 
and as applicable) by  the Registrar  to the Buyback  Thursday  July 9 , 2026  
10.  Last date of verification  of Tender  Forms  by Registrar to  
the Buyback  Monday  July 1 3, 2026  
11.  Last date of intimation to the Designated Stock Exchange 
regarding Acceptance/ non -acceptance of tendered 
Equity Shares by the Registrar to the Buyback  Wednesday  July 1 5, 2026  
12.  Last date of completion  of settlement  of bids by the  
Clearing Corporation/  Stock  Exchanges   Thursday  July 16 , 2026  
13.  Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) , if any,  by the 
Registrar to the Buyback  and unblocking/return of 
unaccepted dematerialized Equity Shares to Eligible 
Shareholders/ Seller Member  Thursday  July 16 , 2026  
14.  Last date of payment of consideration to Eligible 
Shareholders who participated in the Buyback  Thursday  July 16 , 2026  
15.  Publishing of post -Buyback Public Announcement  Monday  July 20, 2026  
16.  Last date of extinguishment  of the Equity Shares  bought  
back  Monday  July 27, 2026  
Note : Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may take place on or before the  respective  
last dates.  
 
2. DEFINITION  OF KEY  TERMS  
 
This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise  
indicates or implies or specified otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided below. References to any  
legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline, policy,  circular, notification or clarification  shall be subject 
to such  legislation,  act, regulation,  rule, guideline,  policy,  circular,  notification  or clarification  as 
amended,  supplemented, or re -enacted from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall 
include any  subordinate  legislation  made from time  to time under  that provision.  
 
The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer but not defined herein shall have the meaning  
ascribed to such terms under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Companies Act, the SEBI Depositories 
Act, and the  rules  and regulations  made thereunder.  
 
2 
  
Term  Description  
Acceptance/Accept/  
Accepted  Acceptance  of fully paid - up Equity  Shares  tendered  by the Eligible  
Shareholders  in the Buyback  
Acquisition  Window  The facility  for the acquisition  of Equity Shares through mechanism provided by 
the Designated Stock Exchange i.e. , BSE in the form of a separate window in 
accordance with the SEBI Circulars  
Act/ Companies Act  The Companies Act, 2013, as amended and rules framed thereunder  
Additional Equity  Shares  Additional  Equity  Shares  tendered  by an Eligible  Shareholder  over and above  the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder up to the extent of  Equity  
Shares  held by such Eligible  Shareholder as  on the  Record Date  
Articles  of Association  Articles  of association of the  Company,  as amended   
Board  Meeting  Meeting of the Board of Directors held on Thursday , April 30, 2026 , wherein 
among other things, the proposal for the Buyback was approved  
Board/  Board of  Directors  Board of Directors of the Company (which term shall, unless repugnant to  the 
context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include a duly authorized  ‘Buyback 
Committee’  thereof)  
BSE BSE Limited  
Buyback /Buyback  
Offer /Offer  Offer  by the Company  to buyback  upto 21,50,000  (Twenty One La cs and Fifty 
Thousand only ) Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 1,380 /- (Rupees One Thousand 
Three Hundred and Eighty  only)  per Equity  Share payable in cash for an 
aggregate consideration not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two Hundred 
Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only ), excluding the Transaction Costs  from  
all the Eligible  Shareholders  through the Tender Offer process on a proportionate 
basis in terms of the  SEBI  Buyback  Regulations  read with SEBI Circulars  
Buyback  Closing  Date  Thursday, July 9, 2026 , being the last date up to which the tendering of Equity 
Shares by Eligible Shareholders will be allowed  
Buyback  Committee  A committee of the Board  constituted pursuant to a resolution passed by the 
Board on  April 30, 2026 , to exercise certain powers in relation to the Buyback. 
The Buyback Committee compris es of Mr. Chetan Kajaria, Vice Chairman, Mr. 
Rishi Kajaria, Managing Director, Mr. Sudhir Bhargava, Independent Director 
and Mr. Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the Company   
Buyback  Entitlement  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is entitled to tender in 
the Buyback, which is computed based on the number of Equity Shares held by 
such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date and the ratio/ percentage of 
Buyback applicable in  the category, to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs  
Buyback  Offer  Price/  Offer  
Price   Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Eligible Shareholders 
i.e. Rs. 1,380 /- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty only)  per 
Equity Share, payable in cash  
Buyback  Offer  Size Maximum n umber of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back i.e. upto 
21,50,000  (Twenty One Lacs Fifty Thousand only ) Equity Shares multiplied by 
the Buyback Offer Price (i.e. Rs. 1,380/- per Equity Share ) aggregating to a 
maximum consideration of not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores  (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only) . The Buyback Offer Size 
excludes Transaction Costs  
Buyback  Opening  Date Friday, July 03, 2026 , being the date from which the tendering of Equity Shares 
by Eligible Shareholders will be allowe d 
Buyback  Period  The period between the date of declaration of the results of the postal ballot for 
special resolution authorizing the Buyback of the Equity Shares of the Company  
i.e. Tuesday, June 23, 2026 , till the date on which the payment of consideration 
to the Eligible Shareholders who have accepted  the Buyback  will be  made   
CDSL  Central  Depository  Services  (India)  Limited  
CIN Corporate  Identity  Number  
Clearing  Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited  
Company  /Our Company / 
or /we /us/our Kajaria Ceramics Limited   
Company  Demat  Account  A demat account of the Company wherein Demat Shares bought back in the  
Buyback would  be transferred  
Company’s  Broker  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited   
Compliance Officer  Mr. Vinit Kumar , being the  General Counsel & Company Secretary of the 
Company  
Demat  Share(s)  Equity  Share(s)  of the Company  in dematerialised  form  
Depositories  Together,  NSDL  and CDSL  
Depositories  Act Depositories  Act, 1996,  as amended  and rules  framed  thereunder  
Designated  Stock  Exchange  BSE Limited  
3 
 Term  Description  
DIN Director  Identification  Number  
Director(s)  Director(s)  of the Company  
DP Depository  Participant  
Eligible  Shareholders  All the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Company (except (i) the 
Promoter and the members of Promoter Group of the Company and (ii) any 
shareholders/beneficial owners who may be specifically prohibited under the 
applicable laws by Appropriate Authorities), who hold Equity Shares on 
Monday,  June 29 , 2026   
Equity Shareholder(s)  Holders  of Equity  Shares  and includes  beneficial  owners  thereof  
Equity  Share(s)  Fully paid -up equity share(s) of the Company having face value of Re. 1/- (Rupee 
One Only)  each 
Escrow  Account  The Escrow Account in the name and style of “Kajaria Ceramics Limited - Escrow 
Account ” opened with the Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of the 
Escrow Agreement and in  accordance  with the SEBI Buyback  Regulations   
Escrow  Agent  HDFC Bank Limited, having its registered  office at HDFC Bank House, Lower 
Parel, Senapati Bapat Marg, Mumbai -400013, India and acting through its 
branch, situated at HDFC Bank Ltd, Lodha - I Think Techno Campus, O -3 Level, 
Next to Kanjurmarg Railway Station, Kanjurmarg (East ), Mumbai - 400042  
Escrow  Agreement  The agreement dated  June 25, 2026  entered into  between the Company, the  
Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent, pursuant to which certain  
arrangement  for Escrow Account  is made  in relation to  the Buyback  
ESOP Scheme 2015  The employee stock option scheme of the Company i.e. Kajaria Employee Stock 
Option Scheme 2015  
FEMA  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended from time to  time,  
including  rules,  regulations,  circulars,  directions  and notifications  issued 
thereunder  
FII(s)  Foreign  Institutional  Investor(s) registered under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended  
FPI(s)  Foreign Portfolio Investors as defined under Securities and Exchange Board  of 
India  (Foreign Portfolio  Investors)  Regulations,  2019,  as amended  
General  Category  Eligible  Shareholders  other  than the Small  Shareholders  
INR  Indian Rupee(s)  
HUF  Hindu  Undivided  Family  
IT Act/ Income  Tax Act  Income  Tax Act,  2025 , as amended  
Letter  of Offer  This letter of offer dated Tuesday, June 30, 2026 , to be filed with SEBI containing 
disclosures in relation to the Buyback as specified in Schedule III of the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations  
Management and 
Administration Rules  Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended  
Manager to the Buyback / 
Merchant  Banker  to the 
Buyback  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
Memorandum of  
Association/  MoA  Memorandum of Association of the Company, as amended  
N.A.  Not Applicable  
Non-Resident Indians/NRIs  A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India or a person of Indian 
origin and shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000, as amended  
Non-Resident  Shareholders  Includes  Non-Resident  Indians  (NRI), FIIs, FPIs and  erstwhile Overseas  
Corporate  Bodies (OCB) and foreign nationals  
NSDL  National  Securities  Depository  Limited  
NSE  National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited  
OCB  Overseas Corporate Bodies  
PAN  Permanent  Account  Number  
Postal Ballot Notice  Postal ballot notice dated Thursday, April 30, 2026 , dispatched on  May 23, 2026 , 
through which the approval of the Equity Shareholders was sought for the 
Buyback  
Promoter  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria  
Members  of the Promoter  
Group/Promoter Group  Promoter and promoter group as have been disclosed under the filings made by 
the Company under the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended  
Physical  Share(s)  Equity Share(s) of the Company in physical  form  
4 
 Term  Description  
Public  Announcement  Public announcement dated Wednesday , June 2 4, 202 6 in connection with the 
Buyback  made in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations which was 
published on Thursday, June 25,  2026 in all editions of the English national  daily  
newspaper,  namely Financial Express  and all editions of the Hindi national daily 
newspaper , namely  Jansatta   
RBI Reserve  Bank  of India  
Record  Date  The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and the  names 
of the Eligible Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer (including  the Tender 
Form) will be sent, and who are eligible to participate in the  Buyback in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. The Record  Date  for the  
Buyback  is Monday, June 29, 2026  
Registrar to the Buyback / 
Registrar  MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited ) 
RoC Registrar of Companies , Haryana at Chandigarh  
Reserved  Category  Small  Shareholders  eligible  to tender Equity  Shares  in the  Buyback  
Share Capital and 
Debentures Rules  Companies  (Share  Capital  and Debenture s) Rules,  2014,  as amended  
SEBI  Securities  and Exchange  Board of  India  
SEBI  Buyback Regulations  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  (Buy -Back  of Securities)  Regulations,  
2018,  as amended  
SEBI Circulars  Tendering of Equity Shares by Shareholders and settlement of the same, through 
the stock exchange mechanism as specified by SEBI in the circular 
CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016,  circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and circular  
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, as amended  
SEBI  Listing  Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  
Requirements)  Regulations, 2015, as  amended  
Seller Member/ 
Shareholder Broker  A stock broker (who is a member of the BSE and NSE) of an Eligible 
Shareholder, through whom the Eligible Shareholder wants to participate in the 
Buyback  
Small  Shareholder  As defined under Regulation 2(i)(n) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and  in 
relation to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder who holds Equity  Shares  
of market  value  of not more  than Rs. 2,00,000/ - (Rupees  Two Lacs only), on the 
basis of closing price on BSE or NSE, whichever registers the  highest trading 
volume in respect of the Equity Shares on the Record Date  
Stock  Exchanges  Together,  BSE and NSE,  being  the stock  exchanges  where  the Equity  Shares  of 
the Company  are listed  
Tender  Form (s) /Offer 
Form (s) Form  of acceptance -cum-acknowledgement (for Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in dematerialized form/physical form) with securities transfer form 
(i.e. Form SH -4) to be filled  in and sent to the Registrar by the Eligible  
Shareholders  to participate  in the  Buyback  and as enclosed in this Letter of Offer 
on page 64 
Tender  Offer  Method  of buyback  as defined  in Regulation  2(i)(q)  of the SEBI  Buyback  
Regulations  
Tendering  Period  Period of 5 ( five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date till the 
Buyback Closing Date (both days inclusive)  
Transaction  Costs  
 Tax payable under Income Tax Act, 2025 and any expenses incurred or to be 
incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, taxes such 
as tax on Buyback, securities transaction tax and goods and services tax (if any), 
stamp duty, filin g fees to SEBI, stock exchange charges, advisors/legal fees, 
printing and dispatch expenses, if any, Public Announcement publication 
expenses and other incidental and related expenses and charges  
TRS Transaction Registration Slip generated by the exchange bidding system  
United States/ U.S. The United States of America  
Working  Day(s)  Working  day shall have the meaning as  ascribed to it under  the SEBI  Buyback  
Regulations  
 
Certain  conventions,  currency  of presentation,  use of financial  information  and stock  market  data  
 
Page  Numbers  and Paragraph  Numbers  
 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to page numbers and paragraph numbers in this Letter of Offer 
are to page  numbers  of this  Letter  of Offer.  
5 
  
Currency  and Units  of Presentation  
 
All references  to “Rupee(s)” , “Rs.”, “₹” or “INR”  are to Indian  Rupees,  the official  currency  of the 
Republic       of India.  
 
Financial  and Other  Data  
 
Our Company’s fiscal year commences on April 1 of each year and ends on March 31 of the next year 
(referred to herein as “Fiscal”, “Fiscal Year” or “FY”).  All data related to financials are given in  Rs. 
million  unless otherwise stated.  
 
Unless  stated  or the context  requires  otherwise,  our financial  information  in this Letter  of Offer  is derived  
from  our audited  standalone  and consolidated  financial  statements  for the fiscal  years  2026, 2025 and 
2024 . 
 
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been subject to 
rounding -off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. In certain 
instances, (i ) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure 
given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to 
the total figure given for that column or row . 
 
Stock  Market  Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, stock market data included in this Letter of Offer is 
derived from the  websites  of the Stock  Exchanges.  
 
3. DISCLAIMER  CLAUSE  
 
As required, a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted to SEBI. It is to be distinctly understood  
that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should not, in any way , be deemed or construed that the  
same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial  
soundness of the Company to meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements 
made or  opinions expressed in this Letter of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback i.e., Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited , has certified  that the disclosures  made  in this Letter  of Offer  are generally  adequate  
and are in conformity  with the provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations. This 
requirement is to facilitate Eligible  Shareholders  to take an informed  decision for  tendering  their Equity 
Shares  in the Buyback.  
 
It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the correctness,  
adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in this Letter of Offer, the Manager to the Buyback 
is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure that the Company discharges its duty adequately in this 
behalf and  towards this purpose, the Manager to the Buyback i.e., Nuvama Wealth Management Limited , 
has furnished to the  SEBI , a due  diligence certificate dated  June 30, 2026 , in accordance with the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, which reads as  follows:   
 
“We have  examined  various  documents  and materials  contained  in the annexure  to this Letter of Offer 
relevant to the Buyback,  as a part of the due- diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalisation 
of the Public Announcement which  was published  on June 25, 2026  and this Letter  of Offer . On the basis 
of such examination and the discussions with the  Company, we hereby state that:   
 
• the Public  Announcement , and the Letter  of Offer  are in conformity  with the documents,  
materials and papers  relevant  to the Buyback;  
 
• all the legal requirements connected with the said Buyback including Securities and Exchange 
Board of  India (Buy -Back of  Securities)  Regulations,  2018, as  amended, have  been  duly 
complied with;  
 
• the disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best of our 
knowledge, true, fair , accurate and adequate in all material respects for the shareholders/ 
6 
 beneficial owners of the Company to make a well -informed decision in respect of the captioned 
Buyback; and  
 
• funds  to be  used for the Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as 
amended.”  
 
The filing of this Letter of Offer with SEBI does not, however, absolve the Company from any liabilitie s 
under the provisions of the Companies Act or from the requirement of obtaining such statutory or other 
clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback.  
 
The Promoter  and Members of the Promoter Group  and Board  of Directors  declare  and confirm  that no 
information/material  likely  to have  a bearin g on the decision of Eligible Shareholders has been 
suppressed/withheld and/or incorporated in the manner that  would amount to mis -
statement/misrepresentation, and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that  any 
information/material  has been  suppressed/  withheld  and/ or amounts  to a mis-statement/  mis-
representation,       the Promoter  and Members of the Promoter Group and Board  of Directors  and the Company  
shall  be liable  for penalty,  as may be applicable  in terms  of the provisions  of the Companies  Act and the 
SEBI  Buyback  Regulations.   
 
The Promoter and  Members of the Promoter Group and the Board of Directors declare and confirm that 
funds borrowed from banks and financial  institutions  will not be used  for the Buyback.  
 
3.1 Disclaimer  for U.S. Persons:   
 
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are not U.S. 
Persons as defined in regulations of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and who are not 
physically present in the United States of America. Thi s Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute 
an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in the United States of America or in any other 
jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorised  or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are 
requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.2 Disclaimer for persons in other foreign countries  other than the United States of America :  
 
This Letter  of Offer  has not been  filed,  registered  or approved  in any jurisdiction  outside  India.  This Letter 
of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in any  
jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make  such offer or solicitation which would subject the Company or the Manager to the Buyback to any 
new or  additional  requirements  or registrations.  Potential  users  of the information  contained  in this Letter  
of Offer  are requested to  inform themselves  about  and to observe  any applicable  legal  requirement  or 
restrictions.  
 
The Public Announcement dated June 24, 2026 , and this Letter of Offer have been prepared for the 
purpose  of compliance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may 
not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in 
accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the  
Manager to  the Buyback are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time 
after the date of this Letter of Offer.  
 
3.3 Important Notice to all Equity Shareholders  
 
This Letter of Offer does not and will not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, 
any securities, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or so licitation.  The Letter of Offer shall be dispatched to all 
Eligible Shareholders as per the SEBI Buyback Regulations and such other  circulars or notifications, as 
may be applicable. However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Equity Shareholder in a jurisdiction in 
which it would be illegal to make this Offer, or where making this Offer would require any action to be 
taken (includin g, but not restricted to, registration of the Letter of Offer under any local securities laws), 
shall not be treated by such Equity Shareholders as an offer being made to them. Potential users of the 
information  are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  Any Equity 
7 
 Shareholder who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, 
represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorised under the provisions of any applicable 
local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
 
3.4 Forward Looking Statement:  
 
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking statements 
generally can be identified by words or phrases such as ‘believe’, ‘aim’, ‘continue’, ‘anticipate’,  ‘expect’, 
‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘will’, or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, 
statements that describe our objectives, plans or goals are also forward -looking statements. All forward  
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward -looking statement.  
 
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due to risks or 
uncertainties associated with expectations relating to, inter -alia, regulatory changes pertaining to the 
industries in India in which we operate and our  ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, 
general economic and political conditions in India which have an impact on its business activiti es or 
investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the 
financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes and changes in 
competition in the industries in which the Company operates.  
 
4. TEXT  OF THE  RESOLUTION  PASSED  AT THE  MEETING  OF THE  BOARD  OF 
DIRECTORS   
 
The Buyback was authorised and approved (subject to approvals of statutory, regulatory or governmental 
authorities as may be required under applicable laws and subject to approval of Equity S hareholders of 
the Company by way of a special resolution  through postal ballot ) by the Board of Directors at its meeting 
held on  Thursday, April 30, 2026 .  
 
The text of the resolution of the Board of Directors is set out below:  
 
Quote  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to Article 4 of the Articles of Association of the Company and the 
provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 108, 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies Act ”) read with, rules framed under the Companies Act, 
including the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (to the extent applicable) 
(hereinafter referred to as the “ Share Capital Rules ”), the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time and the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended (“SEBI Buyback Regulations ”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI Listing 
Regulations ”) (including re -enactment of the Companies Act or the rules made thereunder or the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, or the SEBI Listing Regulations) and subject to such other approvals, permissions, 
consents, sanctions and exemptions as may be necessary and subj ect to any modifications and conditions, 
if any, as may be prescribed by the  Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), concerned 
Registrar of Companies (“ RoC ”), BSE Limited (“ BSE ”), National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE ”) and/or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, BSE and NSE referred to as 
the “ Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions, alterations, 
amendments and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by them while granting such approvals, 
permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions which may be agreed and subject to the  approval by the 
shareholders by way of a special resolution through postal ballot, the Board of Directors of the Company 
(“Board ”, which term shall be deemed to include any committee of the Board and/or officials, which the 
Board may constitute/authorise to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution 
(“Buyback Committee ”) hereby consent and approve the Buyback by the Company of its fully paid -up 
equity shares having a face value of Re.1/ - (Rupee One only) each (“ Equity Shares ”), not exceeding 
21.50 Lacs (Twenty -One Lacs Fifty Thousand only) Equity Shares, representing 1.35% of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026 
8 
 and as of the existing share capital of the Company, at a price of Rs. 1 ,380 (Rupees One Thousand Three 
Hundred Eighty only) per Equity  Share (“ Buyback Offer Price ”), subject to any increase to the 
maximum Buyback Offer Price and decrease in the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, 
till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record Date, such that there is no change in the aggregate size of the 
Buyback as m ay be approved by the Board, payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 
296.70 crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only) (“ Buyback Offer Size ”), 
{excluding tax payable under Income Tax Act, 2025 and any expenses incurred or to be incurred for the 
Buyback viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, taxes such as tax on Buyback, securities transaction 
tax and goods and services tax (if any), st amp duty, filing fees to SEBI, stock exchange charges, 
advisors/legal fees, printing and dispatch expenses, if any, public announcement publication expenses 
and other incidental and related expenses and charges (“ Transaction Costs ”)}, which represents 10.27% 
and 9.87% of the aggregate of the Company’s paid -up capital and free reserves as per the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial  statements  of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, 
respectively, whichever sets out a lower amount (which is within the statutory limits of 25% of the 
aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the audited  
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, 
whichever sets out a lower amount, as per the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations), from the shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of the Company (except any 
shareholders/beneficial owners who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by 
Appropriate Authorities and the Promoter and members of Promoter group (as defined under SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisiti on of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and to be referred as “ Promoters ”) 
{hereinafter referred to as the (“ Eligible Shareholders ”)}, as on a record date to be subsequently decided 
by the Board (“ Record Date ”), through the “Tender Offer” route, on a proportionate basis as prescribed 
under the SEBI Buyback Regulations (hereinafter referred to as the ’ Buyback ’) and that the Promoter 
and members of Promoter group have expressed their intention not to participate in the above said 
Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required under Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the 
Company may buyback Equity Shares from the existing shareholders as on Record Date, on a 
proportionate basis, provided that 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes t o 
Buyback or such number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as 
defined in the SEBI Buyback Regulations, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for the small 
shareholders (“ Small Shareholders” ) in accordance the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “ Mechanism for 
acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and 
Delisting ” as notified by the SEBI, vide SEBI’s circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 
13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI’s 
circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI’s  circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, including any amendments or statutory 
modifications for the time being in force (“ SEBI Circulars ”) or such other circulars or notifications, as 
may be applicable and the Company shall approach the BSE Limited, as may be required, for facilitating 
the same.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the proposed Buyback be implemented from the existing shareholders 
as on Record Date in a manner the Board may consider appropriate, from out of its free reserves and/or 
securities premium account and/or such other sources or by such mechanisms as may be permitted by 
applicable laws, and on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time, and in the 
absolute discretion of the Board, as it may deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required under the provisions of Section 68(6) of the Companies 
Act read with Regulation 8(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the draft of the affidavit for 
declaration of solvency prepared in the prescribed form along with supporting documents, pl aced before 
the meeting be and is hereby approved and that Mr. Chetan Kajaria , Vice Chairman and Mr. Rishi 
Kajaria, Managing Director of the Company be and are hereby, jointly, authorized to sign the same, for 
and on behalf of the Board and file the same with RoC and/or SEBI and/or other concerned authorities, 
as may be necessary, in accordance with the applicable laws.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rupesh Agarwal, Managing Partner, failing him Mr. Shashikant 
Tiwari, Partner, failing him, Mr. Mohit Varshney, Partner of M/s Chandrasekaran Associates, Company 
9 
 Secretaries  be and is hereby appointed as the Scrutinizer for the Postal Ballot for obtaining the approval 
of shareholders by way of special resolution, in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable 
laws.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT National Securities Depository Limited (‘ NSDL ’) be and is hereby 
appointed as an agency to provide electronic voting platform in connection with the resolution proposed 
for approval of the shareholders by way of special resolution through by Postal Ballot (“ Postal Ballot ”).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria, Chairman, Mr. Chetan Kajaria, Vice 
Chairman, Mr. Rishi Kajaria, Managing Director, Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby, severally, 
authorised to sign and submit documents as may be required by NSDL and to take necessary actions for 
giving effect to the resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the draft Notice of Postal Ballot (“ Postal Ballot Notice ”) to transact 
the business (including cut -off date for reckoning voting rights and ascertaining those shareholders to 
whom the Postal Ballot Notice are to be sent, etc.) as stated in the draft Notice of Postal Ballot, as placed 
before the Board, be and is  hereby considered and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the 
Company be and is hereby authorized to sign, issue the Postal Ballot Notice to the shareholders of the 
Company and other concerned persons and to conduct the Postal Ballot process, in compliance of the 
applicable laws (including modification(s) of the Postal Ballot Notice as deemed appropriate) for and on 
behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria, Chairman of the Company be and is hereby 
authorised to declare the results of voting of the Postal Ballot and to receive the Scrutiniser’s register, 
report on voting, etc. and to countersign the Scrutiniser’s report so received and that Mr. Ashok Kumar 
Kajaria, Chairman of the Company be and is hereby also authorised to delegate the above said authority 
to other person as he may deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its securities 
premium account, free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by law, and the Buyback 
shall be made through Tender Offer in such manner as may be prescribed under the Companies A ct and 
the Buyback Regulations, and on such terms and conditions as the Board may deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback from Eligible Shareholders who are persons resident 
outside India, including the foreign portfolio investors, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and non -
resident Indians, etc., shall be subject to such approvals if, and to the extent necessar y or required from 
the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended and the rules, regulations framed thereunder, Income Tax 
Act, 2025 and rules framed there under, as amended if any, and that such approvals shall be required to 
be taken by such non -resident shareholders.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended to 
be met out of the Company’s current balances of cash and cash equivalents, investments, and/or internal 
accruals of the Company (and not from any borrowed funds) and on such terms and condit ions as the 
Board may decide from time to time at its absolute discretion.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  confirmation is hereby made by the Board that:  
 
(i) the letter of offer, the public announcement of the offer or any other advertisement, circular, 
brochure, publicity material shall contain true, factual and material information and shall not 
contain any misleading information and must state that the Direc tors of the Company accept 
the responsibility for the information contained in such documents;  
 
(ii) all Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid up;  
 
(iii) the Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities from the 
date of this resolution including by way of bonus issue till the expiry of the buyback period 
10 
 i.e. date on which the payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the 
buyback offer is made in accordance with the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, except in discharge of subsisting obligations through stock option scheme, 
provided that the relevant details and the potential impact of such subsisting obligations, if 
any, shall be disclosed in the public announcement;  
 
(iv) the Company shall not make any further issue of the same kind of Equity Shares or other 
securities including allotment of new equity shares under Section 62(1)(a) or other specified 
securities within a period of 6 (six) months after the completion of the B uyback except by way 
of bonus shares or Equity Shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as 
stock option scheme;  
 
(v) unless otherwise as may be specifically permitted under any relaxation circular issued by 
SEBI, as per Regulation 24(i )(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company shall not 
raise further capital for a period of one year from the expiry of the buyback period i.e. the date 
on which the payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the buyback offer 
is made  except in discharge of subsisting obligations;  
 
(vi) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any person 
through negotiated deal  whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or 
through any private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;  
 
(vii) the number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased in the financial year under the Buyback 
i.e. 21.50 Lacs (Twenty -One Lacs Fifty Thousand only) Equity Shares does not exceed 25% 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company 
as of March 31, 2026 and as of the existing share capital of the Company ; 
 
(viii) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the 
Companies Act (“ Scheme ”) involving the Company, and no public announcement of the 
Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme;  
 
(ix) the Company shall not make any further offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned 
from the expiry of the buyback period i.e. date on which the payment of consideration to 
shareholders who have accepted the buyback offer is made;  
 
(x) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the public announcement of the offer 
of the Buyback is made;  
 
(xi) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the 
buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
 
(xii) the Company shall not utilize any borrowed funds, whether secured or unsecured, of any form 
or nature, from banks or financial institutions for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares 
tendered in the Buyback;  
 
(xiii) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its own Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, or through any investment 
company or group of investment companies;  
 
(xiv) the Company is in compliance with  the provisions of Section 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;  
 
(xv) the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity 
Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed in the 
manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act withi n the specified 
timelines;  
 
(xvi) there are no defaults (either in past or subsisting) in the repayment of deposits, interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or payment of interest thereon or redemption of preference 
11 
 shares or payment of dividend due to any shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or 
interest payable thereon to any shareholder or financial institution or banking company, as the 
case may be;  
 
(xvii)  the Company will not buyback Equity Shares which are locked -in or non -transferable until the 
pendency of such lock -in, or until the time the Equity Shares become transferable, as 
applicable;  
 
(xviii)  the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
 
(xix) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company after the 
Buyback shall be less than or equal to 2:1 of its paid -up capital and free reserves based audited 
standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company, whiche ver is lower, as on 
March 31, 2026 , as prescribed under the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations ; 
 
(xx) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/or such 
sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares 
bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of 
such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements;  
 
(xxi) the Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares or other specified securities from 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (“ Stock Exchanges ”). 
 
(xxii)  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the SEBI Listing Regulations;  
 
(xxiii)  as per Regulation 24(i )(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Promoter and members of 
Promoter group, and their associates shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified 
securities of the Company either through the stock exchanges or off -market transactions 
(including  inter-se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoter and members of Promoter 
group) from the date of this resolution till the closing of the Buyback offer; and  
 
(xxiv)  that the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period of 
one year immediately preceding the date of this Board meeting.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  as required by Clause (x) of Schedule I in accordance with 
Regulation 5(iv)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board hereby confirms that it has made full 
enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed an opinion, that:  
 
a.  immediately following the date of this resolution, and the date on which the results of 
shareholders’ resolution by way of Postal Ballot will be declared (“Postal Ballot Resolution”) , 
there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts;  
 
b.  as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of this Board 
Meeting, and having regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of the 
Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of t he financial resources, 
which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company 
will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent 
within a period of one year from the date o f this Board Meeting; and  
 
c.  in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20 16, as applicable.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback is being proposed in keeping with the Company’s 
desire to (a) optimize returns to shareholders; and (b) enhance overall shareholders’ value.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the powers of the Board in respect of Buyback be and are hereby 
delegated to the committee comprising Mr. Chetan Kajaria, Vice Chairman, Mr. Rishi Kajaria, 
12 
 Managing Director, Mr. Sudhir Bhargava, Independent Director and Mr. Vinit Kumar, General 
Counsel & Company Secretary of the Company (“ Buyback Committee ”).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback Committee be and is hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual 
or proper, in relation to the Buyback, including but not limited to:  
 
(i) finalizing the terms of Buyback including the mechanism for the Buyback, the schedule of 
activities including the dates of opening and closing of the Buyback, Record Date, entitlement 
ratio, the timeframe for completion of the Buyback;  
 
(ii) make any further or subsequent alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or 
corrections to the Notice of Postal Ballot prior to its circulation, as it, in its absolute discretion 
deems fit;  
 
(iii) negotiation and execution of escrow arrangement(s) in accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations;  
 
(iv) earmarking and making arrangements  for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of the 
Buyback including arranging for bank guarantees as may be necessary for the Buyback in 
accordance with applicable laws;  
 
(v) opening, operating and closing of all necessary accounts for this purpose, including bank 
accounts, trading account, depository accounts, escrow account, special escrow account, and 
authorizing persons to operate such accounts;  
 
(vi) appointing and finalizing the terms of designated stock exchange, depository participants, 
compliance officer, advertising agency and such other intermediaries/agencies/persons 
including finalisation and payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges etc. to merchant 
bankers, legal counsel, escrow agents, registrar and other agencies, etc. and enter into 
agreements/letters in respect thereof;  
 
(vii) preparing, approving, executing and filing of various documents as may be necessary or 
desirable in connection with or incidental to the Buyback including declaration of solvency, 
public announcement, letter of offer, extinguishment of Equity Shares and ce rtificate of 
extinguishment and post -completion advertisement which are required to be filed in 
connection with the Buyback on behalf of the Board;  
 
(viii) extinguishment of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company, and filing of certificate of 
extinguishment required to be filed in connection with the Buyback on behalf of the Company 
and/or Board, as required under applicable law;  
 
(ix) decide the form (whether cash deposit or bank guarantee) and the amount to be deposited in 
the escrow account;  
 
(x) providing such confirmations and opinions as may be required in relation to the Buyback;  
 
(xi) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records and furnishing requisite 
returns to Appropriate Authorities;  
 
(xii) to deal with stock exchanges (including their clearing corporations), and to sign, execute, and 
deliver such documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementing the 
Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant 
to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting ” notified by the SEBI, vide SEBI’s 
circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with SEBI’s circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI’s circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI’s circul ar SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 including any further amendments thereof;  
 
13 
 (xiii) to sign the documents as may be necessary with regard to the Buyback and use of common 
seal of the Company wherever necessary on relevant documents required to be executed for 
the Buyback and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of v arious 
documents and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and correspondence 
as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the Appropriate Authorities, 
Registrar of Companies, stock exchanges, and depositories;  
 
(xiv) making all necessary applications, providing all necessary information and documents to, and 
representing the Company before third parties, including, statutory auditors, in relation to the 
Buyback;  
 
(xv) settling all such questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to the 
implementation of the Buyback;  
 
(xvi) carrying out incidental documentation and to prepare applications and submit them to the 
Appropriate Authorities for their requisite approvals;  
 
(xvii)  obtaining all necessary consents, certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties (including the lenders) as required under applicable laws;  
 
(xviii)  giving any information, explanation, declaration and confirmation in relation to the public 
announcement, letter of offer, as may be required by the relevant authorities;  
 
(xix)  to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things incidental and in connection with the Buyback 
and deliver such documents as may be necessary, desirable and expedient; and  
 
(xx) delegating all or any of the authorities conferred as above to any authorized representative(s) 
of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution or to accept any change(s) or 
modification(s) as may be suggested by the Appropriate Authorities or ad visors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for 
implementing the Buyback shall be any two members and the Buyback Committee may regulate its 
own proceedings and meet as often as required, to discharge its functions and may approve its 
resolution(s ) including by way of circular resolution(s).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the BSE Limited be and is hereby appointed as the designated stock 
exchange for the purpose of the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary be and is 
hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback and MUFG Intime India Private Limited, 
the Registrar to the Buyback be and is hereby designated as the Investors Service Centre, as requir ed 
under Regulation 24(iii) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board hereby takes on record the Engagement Letter dated April 
30, 2026, setting out the terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited , and the appointment of Nuvama Wealth Management Limited as the Merchant 
Banker or Manager to the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, as amended and SEBI 
Buyback Regulations, be and is hereby approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board hereby takes on record the Engagement Letter dated April 
30, 2026, setting out the terms as mutually agreed between the Company and Economic Laws Practice, 
and the appointment of Economic Laws Practice as the Legal Counsel in relation to the Buy back, be 
and is hereby approved.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited be and is hereby also 
appointed as the Broker for the Buyback, to inter -alia carry out the activities as the Broker under the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations, on terms and conditions as may be mutually decided, and the consent of 
the Board be and is hereby accorded to open a Depository Account and a Trading Account with Nuvama 
Wealth Management Limited in connection with and for the purpose of the Buyback.  
 
14 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board hereby takes on record the report (i.e. Permissible Capital 
Payment Certificate) dated April 30, 2026 issued by M/s Walker Chandiok  & Co LLP, Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, as required under clause (xi) of Schedule I of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED  FURTHER THAT  an escrow account be opened with HDFC Bank Limited (“ Escrow 
Agent ”) for the purpose of the Buyback and the Company shall in accordance with the provisions of 
the Buyback Regulations, as and by way of security, for the performance of its obligations under the 
Buyback Regulations, enter into an escrow arrangement and agre ements with the Escrow Agent and 
the Manager to the Buyback and before the opening of the Buyback, deposit in the Escrow Account 
requisite amount in accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations and the Manager to 
the Buyback be and is hereby  authorized to operate the Escrow Account in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited is authorized to operate the 
Escrow Account and instruct the Escrow Agent to make the payment of the amount lying to the credit 
of the Escrow Account in accordance with the Buyback Regulations and/or the directions of SEBI.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of the Buyback Regulations, in the event of non -fulfilment 
of the obligations under the Buyback Regulations by the Company, the monies deposited in the escrow 
account in full or in part shall be forfeited and distributed pro -rata amongst the shar eholders who 
accepted the offer and balance if any shall be utilized for investor protection in accordance with 
Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Parveen 
Gupta, VP (Finance) of the Company be and are severally authorized to execute/perform the acts, deeds, 
documents, letters and things in the name and on behalf of the Company, as may be required,  to execute 
the escrow agreement and deposit therein the escrow amount as required under the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  no information/material likely to have a bearing on the decision of 
the shareholders has been/shall be suppressed/withheld and/or incorporated in the manner that would 
amount to mis -statement/misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at any poi nt of time that 
any information/material has been suppressed/withheld and/or amounts to mis -
statement/misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the 
provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  nothing contained herein shall confer any right on any shareholder 
to offer, or confer any obligation on the Company or the Board or the Buyback Committee to buyback 
any equity shares of the Company, or impair any power of the Company or the Board or the Buyback 
Committee to terminate any process in relation to such Buyback, if permitted by law.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of Equity Shares bought back 
wherein details of Equity Shares so bought, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought back, date 
of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying the Equity Shares 
and such other particulars as may be prescribed in relation to the Buyback shall be entered and that Mr. 
Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the Company be and is hereby authorized to 
authenticate the entries made in the s aid register.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the particulars of the Equity Share certificates extinguished shall be 
furnished by the Company to the stock exchanges within seven working days of such extinguishment 
and the dematerialised Equity Shares shall be extinguished in the manner as specified u nder the 
Buyback Regulations  and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the bye -laws, circulars, guidelines framed thereunder, each as 
amended, and that Mr. Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the Company be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts as may be required for this purpose.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Vinit Kumar, General Counsel & Company Secretary of the 
Company  be and is hereby authorized to send the necessary intimations to Stock Exchanges in relation 
to this resolution, as may be required under the SEBI Listing Regulations.  
 
15 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
Official(s) of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any of the Directors and/or the Chief Financial Officer and/or the 
Company Secretary of the Company, for the time being, be and are hereby, severally, authorized to 
file necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies including to sign/execute engagement letter(s), 
agreements(s), document(s), etc. & to do all such acts, deeds and things or incidental for signing and 
filing of forms, payment of fees etc. and to do all such other acts, things and deeds, as may be required 
for the aforesaid purpose or other s ervices as that may be necessary to give effect to the above 
resolution. ” 
 
Unquote  
 
5. DETAILS  OF THE  PUBLIC  ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
In accordance with  the provisions of  Regulation 7 (i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
has made a Public Announcement  which was  published on Thursday, June 25,  2026, in the newspapers 
mentioned below, which is within 2 (two) Working Days from the date of declaration of the postal ballot 
results for the special resolution of the Shareholders approving the Buyback i.e. Tuesday , June 23 , 202 6:  
 
Name  of the Newspaper  Newspaper’s  Language  Editions  
Financial Express  English  All 
Jansatta  Hindi  All  
 
The Company  will publish  further  notices  or corrigenda,  if any, in the above -mentioned  newspapers.  
 
A copy of the Public Announcement which was published on Thursday, June 25 , 2026  is available on  
the website of SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in ) and on the website of the Company 
(www.kajariaceramics.com ) and on the websites of NSE ( www.nseindia.com ), BSE 
(www.bseindia.com ) and the Manager to the Buyback (www. nuvama.com ).  
 
6. DETAILS  OF THE  BUYBACK  
 
Pursuant to the resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Company on Thursday , April 30 , 202 6, 
the Company,  hereby,  announces  the buyback  of upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs and Fifty Thousand 
only)  Equity  Shares  (representing  1.35% of the total number  of Equity  Shares  in the total paid-up equity  
share capital  of the Company  as on April 30, 2026 ), from  all the equity  shareholders/  beneficial  owners  
[except (i) the Promoter and the members of Promoter Group of the Company and (ii) any 
shareholders/beneficial owners who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by 
Appropriate Authorities ] (such shareholders being the “Eligible Shareholders ”), as on the Record Date, 
being Monday , June 29, 2026 (for further details in relation to the Record Date, refer to  paragraph 21.6 
of this Letter of Offer), on a proportionate basis, through the “tender offer” process as  prescribed under 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations, at a price of Rs. 1,380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and 
Eighty  only)  per Equity Share, payable in cash, for an aggregate maximum amount of Rs. 296.70 crores 
(Rupees Two Hundred Ninety -Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only)  excluding the Transaction Costs . The 
Buyback Size represents 10.27% and 9.87% of the aggregate of the paid -up capital and free reserves as 
per the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
March 31, 2026, respectively  and which is within the statutory limits of 25% of the aggregate of the fully 
paid-up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on the latest audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended Marc h 31, 2026, as per the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
  
The Equity Shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback by way of special resolution through 
postal ballot by voting through electronic means (“ remote e-voting ”) pursuant to a postal ballot notice 
dated Thursday, April 30, 2026 , the results of which were announced on  Tuesday, June 23, 2026 . The 
Buyback is being made pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 , 108, 110  and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act and the relevant rules made thereunder including the Share Capital and 
Debentures Rules,  the Management and Administration, to the extent applicable, and the provisions of 
the SEBI Buyback  Regulations  read with  SEBI Circulars and SEBI Listing  Regulations , subject  to any 
modifications  and conditions,  if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI , Registrar of Companies, Haryana, 
16 
 at Chandigarh , National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE ”), BSE Limited (“ BSE ”) and/or other 
authorities,  institutions or bodies, (together with SEBI, BSE, NSE, the “ Appropriate Authorities ”) as 
may be necessary and subject to such conditions and  modifications as may be prescribed or imposed 
while granting such approvals,  permissions,  sanctions  and exemptions,  which  may be agreed  by the 
Board/Buyback Committee . 
 
Under the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act, the maximum number of Equity Shares 
that can be bought back in any financial year cannot exceed 25% of the total equity shares in the total 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company in that financ ial year. The Company proposes to Buyback 
upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One  Lacs and Fifty Thousand only) Equity Shares (representing 1.35% of the 
total equity shares in the total paid -up equity share capital of the Company) as on April 30, 2026, which 
is within the aforesaid limit of 25%.  
 
The Equity Shares are listed on NSE and BSE. The Buyback shall be undertaken on a proportionate basis 
from the Eligible Shareholders of the Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date through the 
tender offer process prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of  the SEBI Buyback Regulations. 
Additionally, the Buyback shall be, subject to applicable laws, facilitated by tendering of Equity Shares 
by Eligible Shareholders and settlement of the same through the stock exchange mechanism as specified 
by SEBI  in the SEBI Circulars  and such other circulars as may be applicable, including any further 
amendments thereof.  In this regard, the  Company will request BSE to provide the acquisition window 
for facilitating tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback  and for the purposes of this Buyback,  BSE 
will be the designated stock exchange.   
 
The Buyback  from  the Eligible  Shareholders  who are residents  outside  India including  non-resident  
Indians,  foreign  nationals,  foreign  corporate  bodies  (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies),  
foreign institutional investors/  foreign portfolio investors, shall be subject to such approvals, if any, and 
to the  extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities including approvals  from the Reserve 
Bank of India (“ RBI”) under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999  and the rules  and regulations  
made  thereunder, each as amended and  that such approvals shall  be required  to be  taken  by such non -
resident  shareholders . 
 
The Buyback  Offer  Price is Rs. 1,380 /- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty only). The 
Buyback Offer Price has been arrived at after considering various factors including, but  not limited to 
the trends in the volume weighted average prices and closing price of the Equity Shares on BSE and 
NSE i.e. the Stock Exchanges, where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed, impact on net worth, 
price earnings ratio, earnings per shar e and other financial parameters . 
 
The Buyback would involve reservation for Small Shareholders which will be  15% of the number of 
Equity Shares that the Company proposes to Buyback, or their entitlement, whichever is higher . 
 
6.1 Shareholding  of the Promoter , Members of the Promoter Group  and of persons who are in control 
of the Company   
Aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and the Members of the Promoter Group  and persons in  control  
of the Company as on the date of the Public Announcement i.e. Wednesday, June 24, 2026 , is as follows:  
Sr. 
No. Name of Promoter and Members of Promoter 
Group  No. of Equity Shares  % of paid -up equity 
share capital * 
Promoter  
1. 1  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria  10,47,004  0.66 
Members of the Promoter Group  
2.  Mrs. Versha Devi Kajaria  18,27,014  1.15 
3.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria  14,39,880  0.90 
4.  Mr. Rishi Kajaria  19,85,716  1.25 
5.  Mrs. Rasika Kajaria  5,70,000  0.36 
6.  Mrs. Shikha Kajaria  6,00,000  0.38 
7.  Mr. Kartik Kajaria  4,50,000  0.28 
8.  Mr. Vedant Kajaria  4,50,000  0.28 
9.  Master  Parth Kajaria  4,50,000  0.28 
10.  Mr. Raghav Kajaria  0.00 0.00 
11.  A.K Kajaria (HUF)  19,67,750  1.24 
17 
 Sr. 
No. Name of Promoter and Members of Promoter 
Group  No. of Equity Shares  % of paid -up equity 
share capital * 
12.  Chetan Kajaria (HUF)  42,000  0.03 
13.  Rishi Kajaria (HUF)  6,000  0.00 
14.  VK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole 
trustee of Versha Kajaria Family Private Trust)  1,29,33,973  8.12 
15.  CK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole 
trustee of Chetan Kajaria Family Private Trust)  2,58,67,947  16.24  
16.  RK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole 
trustee of Rishi Kajaria Family Private Trust)  2,58,67,947  16.24  
17.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria and  Mrs. Rasika Kajaria (in their 
capacity as joint trustees of Raghav Kajaria Family 
Private Trust)  4,50,000  0.28 
Total  7,59,55,231  47.69  
*Please note that the % of paid -up equity share capital  of the Promoter and members of the Promoter Group as on 
the date of this Letter of Offer has changed pursuant to allotment of 20,760 Equity Shares under the ESOP Scheme 
2015 on June 27, 2026.  
 
6.2 Shareholding of the directors of promoters , where the promoter is a company as on the date of the 
Board Meeting  and Public Announcement:  Not applicable, since the Company does not have any 
corporate promoter.   
 
6.3 Shareholding  of the Directors  and/or  the Key Managerial  Personnel  (“KMPs”) of the Company  
 
Aggregate shareholding of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, as on the date 
of the Public Announcement i.e. June 2 4, 2026 , is as follows :  
 
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors and KMPs  No. of Equity Shares  % of paid -up equity 
share capital# 
Directors  
1. Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria*  10,47,004  0.66 
2. Mr. Chetan Kajaria*  14,39,880  0.90 
3. Mr. Rishi Kajaria*  19,85,716  1.25 
4. Mr. Dev Datt Rishi  1,240  0.00 
5. Mr. Sudhir Bhargava  0.00 0.00 
6. Mr. Hitesh Sohanlal Jain  15,000  0.01 
7. Mr. Pradeep Udhas  0.00 0.00 
8. Mrs. Ambika Sharma  0.00 0.00 
9. Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar  0.00 0.00 
 Total (A):  44,88,840  2.82 
Key Managerial Personnel  
1. Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal  0.00 0.00 
2. Mr. Vinit Kumar  0.00 0.00 
 Total (B)  0.00 0.00 
 Total (A+B)  44,88,840  2.82 
*Also KMPs  of the Company.  
#Please note that the % of paid -up equity share capital of the Directors and KMP s of the Company  as on the date of this Letter of 
Offer has changed pursuant to  the allotment of 20,760 Equity Shares under the ESOP Scheme 2015 on June 27, 2026.  
 
6.4 No Equity Shares or other specified securities in the Company were either purchased or sold by (a) 
Promoter, the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who are in control of the 
Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming part of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group in the Company; and (c) directors and key managerial personnel of the Company, during 
the 12 (Twelve ) months preceding the date of the Board Mee ting and the Postal Ballot Notice , and during 
the 12 (Twelve) months preceding the date of the Public Announcement  till the date of this Letter of 
Offer , except as follows :  
 
a. Promoter and Members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company : 
 
18 
 Sr. No.  Name of the 
Promoter and 
Members of 
Promoter Group  Aggregate 
number of 
shares 
purchased/ 
sold Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
share (In 
Rs.) Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
share (In 
Rs.) Date of 
minimum 
price  
Promoter  
Nil 
Members of the Promoter Group  
1.  Mrs. Versha Devi 
Kajaria  50,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,048.80  December 
09, 2025  1,024.10  December 
09, 2025  
2.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria  
 1,00,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,321.90  August 8, 
2025  1,252.00  August 8, 
2025  
3.  Mr. Rishi Kajaria  1,00,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,321.90  August 8, 
2025  1,252.00  August 8, 
2025  
50,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,058.50  December 
12, 2025  1,033.30  December 
12, 2025  
30,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,024.10  December 
24, 2025  966.00  December 
24, 2025  
 Total  3,30,000  - - - - - 
 
 
b. Director(s) of the promoters, where the promoter is a company : N.A. 
 
c. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel  (“KMP s”) of the Company : 
 
Sr. 
No. Name of Director s 
and KMPs  Aggregate 
number of 
shares 
purchased/ 
sold Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
price per 
share (In 
Rs.) Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
share (In 
Rs.) Date of 
minimum 
price  
Directors  
1. Mr. Chetan 
Kajaria*  1,00,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,321.90  August 8, 
2025  1,252.00  August 8, 
2025  
2. 
 Mr. Rishi Kajaria*  1,00,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,321.90  August 8, 
2025  1,252.00  August 8, 
2025  
50,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,058.50  December 
12, 2025  1,033.30  December 
12, 2025  
30,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,024.10  December 
24, 2025  966.00  December 
24, 2025  
19 
 3. Mr. Hitesh 
Sohanlal Jain  15,000  Purchase 
through 
stock 
exchange 
(NSE)  1,231.20  August 29, 
2025  1,204.10  August 29, 
2025  
 Total  2,95,000  - - - - - 
*Also KMPs of the Company.  
 
7. INTENTION  OF THE  PROMOTER  AND  MEMBERS  OF THE  PROMOTER  GROUP  TO 
PARTICIPATE  IN THE  BUYBACK  
 
In terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, under tender offer route, the promoter s, members of the 
promoter group and persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In 
this regard, the Promoter, Members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company, by 
their letters dated Thursday, April 30, 2026, have expressed their intention not to participate in the 
Buyback.  
  
Accordingly, the disclosure required as per the paragraph (viii) of the Schedule  I of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations are not applicable. Given that the Promoter and Promoter Group have expressed their intention 
not to participate in the Buyback, the Equity Shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group shall not be 
considered for computing the entitlement ratio, in accordance with the proviso to Regulation 4(iv)(a) of 
the SEBI Buyback Regulations, and to that extent, the Eligible Shareholders will have a higher Buyback 
Entitlement ratio. The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter, members of the Promoter 
Group, persons in control of the Company, except to the extent of the change in their shareholding as per 
the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguis hment of Equity Shares, which will lead 
to a reduction in the Equity Share Capital of the Company, post Buyback. Pursuant to the proposed 
Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the voting rights of the Promoter, members of 
the Promoter Group  and person in control in the Company may increase from their existing shareholding 
in the total equity capital and voting rights of the Company . 
 
Pursuant to the proposed Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the voting rights of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group in the Company which constitutes 47.69 % as on date  of the Public 
Announcement , may change . Post the Buyback, the public shareholding of the Company shall not fall 
below the minimum level as required  under Regulation  38 of the SEBI  Listing  Regulations , and the 
provisions contained under Rule 19(2)(b) and Rule 19A of the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 
1957 , as amended  read with SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/P/CIR/2023/18  dated February 3, 2023.  
 
8. AUTHORITY  FOR  THE  BUYBACK  
 
The Buyback is being undertaken in accordance with Article  4 of the Articles of Association, Sections 68, 
69, 70 , 108, 110  and other applicable provisions of the  Companies Act, and applicable rules made 
thereunder, including the Share Capital and Debentures Rules  and the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 , to the extent applicable, the SEBI Buyback Regulations and SEBI Listing 
Regulations. The Buyback is subject to receipt of permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary from 
time to time  under the applicable laws including from SEBI,  RBI,  BSE and/ or NSE.  
 
The Buyback has been authorised by the resolution of the Board of Directors passed at their meeting held  
on Thursday, April 30, 2026 , and the Shareholders ’ approval was sought  by way of a special resolution, 
through Postal Ballot Notice. The results of the postal ballot (e -voting) approving the Buyback were 
declared on  Tuesday , June 23, 2026 .  
 
9. NECESSITY  OF THE  BUYBACK   
9.1 The Buyback is being undertaken by the Company after taking into account the strategic and operational 
cash requirements of the Company in the medium term and for returning surplus funds to the members in 
an effective and efficient manner.  
 
9.2 The Buyback will help the Company achieve the following objectives:  
(i) optimize returns to shareholders; and  
20 
 (ii) enhance overall shareholders’ value.  
9.3 The above objectives will be achieved through the Buyback which may lead to reduction in outstanding 
Equity Shares, improvement in earnings per equity share, and enhanced return on invested capital. The 
Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities or meet 
its cash requirements for business operations and for continued capital investment, as and when required.  
 
9.4 The Board at its meeting held on April 30, 2026, considered the accumulated free reserves reflected in the 
latest available standalone and consolidated audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
March 31, 2026  and considering these, the Board decided to allocate upto Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety -Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only), excluding the Transaction Costs for distributing to 
the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company through the Buyback.  
 
9.5 After considering several factors and benefits to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company, 
the Board decided to recommend Buyback of upto 21,50,000  Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 1,380/- 
(Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share of the Company for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety -Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only) . 
The Buyback is being undertaken, inter-alia, for the following reasons:  
 
(i) The Buyback will enable the Company to return surplus cash to its shareholders holding Equity 
Shares in proportion to their shareholding, thereby enhancing overall shareholder returns, 
promoting capital efficiency, increasing shareholders’ value, and impro ving the return on equity;  
 
(ii) The Buyback is being implemented through the tender offer route in accordance with the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations. The Company shall reserve for Small Shareholders the higher of: (a) 15% 
of the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back; or (b) such number of Equity  Shares 
as per their entitlement . The Company believes that this reservation for Small Shareholders would 
benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would get classified as “small shareholder” as 
per Regulation 2(i)(n) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;   
 
(iii) The Buyback may help in improving  return on equity, by reduction in the equity base, thereby 
leading to long term increase in shareholders’ value; and  
 
(iv) The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company, who can 
choose to participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be accepted under the Buyback offer 
or they may choose not to participate and enjoy a resultant inc rease in their percentage 
shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without additional investment .  
9.6 The amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended to be met out of the Company’s current 
balances of cash and cash equivalents, investments, and/ or internal accruals of the Company and shall not 
be met out of the proceeds raised from an earli er issue, money borrowed from banks or financial 
institutions, or any amount raised from the same kind of Equity Shares.  
 
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND THE LIKELY IMPACT OF BUYBACK 
ON THE  COMPANY   
 
10.1 The Company believes that the Buyback is not likely to cause any material impact on the profitability/ 
earnings of the Company except a reduction in the amount available for investment, which the Company 
could have  otherwise  deployed  towards  generating  investment  income.  Assuming  there  is full participation 
and Acceptance  in the Buyback from all the Eligible Shareholders up to their Buyback Entitlement,  the 
funds deployed by the Company towards the Buyback would be up to an aggregate maximum amount of  
Rs. 296.70 crores  (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only)  which excludes  the 
Transaction  Costs.  
 
10.2 The Company  believes  that the Buyback  will not in any manner  impair  its ability  to pursue  growth  
opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations. The Buyback is being undertaken, 
inter alia , for helping  the Company to return surplus cash to the Eligible Shareholders broadly in 
proportion to their shareholding,  thereby,  expected to contribute to the overall enhancement  of the 
shareholder value and result in an increase in the return on equity of the Company.  
 
21 
 10.3 In terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoter , members of the 
Promoter Group and person in control of the Company have an option to participate in the Buyback. The 
Promoter and Members of the Promoter Group have expressed  their intention  vide their letters dated April 
30, 2026, of not participating  in the Buyback.  Assuming  participation in the Buyback is to the extent of 
100% (full acceptance) from all the other Eligible Shareholders  upto their Buyback Entitlement,  the 
aggregate shareholding of the Promoter , Members of the Promoter Group and persons in control of the  
Company after the completion of the Buyback shall increase to 48.34%  of the post -Buyback total paid -up 
Equity  Share capital of the Company from 47.69 % of the pre -Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital 
of the Company (as on the date of the Public Announcement), and the aggregate shareholding of the public 
and others in the Company shall decrease to  51.66 % of the post -Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital 
of the Company from 52.31 % of the pre -Buyback total paid -up Equity Share capital of the Company (as 
on the date of the Public Announcement).  
 
10.4 The Buyback is not expected to result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management  
structure  of the Company.  
 
10.5 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from the Foreign 
Investors (including Non-Resident Indians, FIIs and FPIs), Indian  financial  institutions,  banks , mutual 
funds and other  shareholders,  the shareholding  under each category may undergo a change. The FIIs/FPIs 
are advised to ensure that their investment in the Company  continues  to be  within  the limit  prescribed 
under  applicable  laws,  post completion  of the Buyback.  
 
10.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ii)(a) the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company will not be 
more than twice the paid -up capital and free reserves af ter the Buyback of the  audited standalone financial 
statements and audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as on and for the year ended 
March 31, 2026 .  
 
10.7 As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Promoter and his associates, have not 
dealt in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either  through the Stock Exchanges 
or off -market transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the  Promoter and Members 
of Promoter Group) from the date of the Board Meeting approv ing the proposal for Buyback  (i.e. Thursday, 
April 30, 2026)  and the date of declaration of results  of postal ballot of the Shareholders approv ing the 
Buyba ck (i.e. Tuesday, June 23, 2026 ) till the date of this Letter of Offer and shall not deal in the Equity 
Shares or other specified securities of the  Company either through the Stock Exchanges or off -market 
transactions (including inter -se transfer of Equity  Shares  among  the Promoter  and members  of Promoter  
Group)  from  the date of this Letter  of Offer  till the closing of the  Buyback.  
 
10.8 In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 24(i )(f) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company 
shall not raise further capital for a period of one year from the expiry of the Buyback Period except in the 
discharge of subsisting obligations. The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities 
(including by way of bonus) till the date of expiry of the Buyback period except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations. As on the date of the Public Announcement, there were  4,87,890 vested stock options 
outstanding under Kajaria  Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 (“ ESOP Scheme 2015 ”) of the Company. 
After the Public Announcement, 20,760 Equity Shares of Re. 1 /- each have been allotted on June 27, 2026 
pursuant to the ESOP Scheme 2015. Hence, the  eligible employees may exercise remaining vested stock 
options of 4,67,130 in accordance with the terms of ESOP Scheme 2015 and the Company may allot such 
remaining  Equity Shares pursuant to such exercise  at any time including prior to expiry of the Buyback 
Period . Consequently, the paid -up equity share capital of the Company may change due to the exercise of 
the above said vested stock options and the allotment of Equity Shares thereunder . Further, other than the 
impact provided in this paragraph 10.8, t here is no potential impact of subsisting obligations.  
 
10.9 As per Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, t he Company shall not make any further issue of the same 
kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) or other 
specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months after the completion of the Buyback except b y way 
of bonus issue or in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as stock option schemes  as mentioned 
in paragraph 10.8 above . 
 
10.10  The Company is not undertaking the Buyback so as to delist its shares from the Stock Exchanges.  
 
22 
 10.11  Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on the latest audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements as on and for the year end March 31, 2026, of the Company, are set forth 
below:  
 
(A) Standalone  
 
Particulars  Pre Buyback  Post Buyback  
Net Worth (₹ crores )a     2,899.30              2,602.60  
Return on Net Worth/ Return on Equity (%)b 15.75%  17.55%  
Basic Earnings per Share - Basic (₹)c             28.68                   29.07  
Diluted Earnings per Share - Basic ( ₹)d              28.65                   29.04  
Book value per Share/ NAV per Share (₹)e             182.03                 165.64  
P/E based on PAT as per the latest audited financial result - (₹ 1226.70)f  - 
As per BSE  42.77  42.20  
P/E based on PAT as per the latest audited financial result -NSE (₹  
1228.15)f -As per NSE  42.82  42.25  
Debt -Equity Ratiog                0.03  0.03 
Note : The Post Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed buy -back  amount  of ₹ 
296.7  crores (assuming full acceptance of Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer in the ratio of Buyback) without 
factoring in any other impact to the net worth including applicable taxes or expenses in relation to Buyback  and by 
reducing outstanding shares by proposed no. of buyback of equity shares i.e. 21,50,000 . 
a. Net worth - Paid -up Equity Share Capital + Other Reserves  
b. Return on Net worth = Profit after Tax(excluding other comprehensive income)  / Net worth .  
c. Basic Earnings per share = Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income)/weighted average number 
of Equity Share outstanding .  
d. Diluted Earnings per share = Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income)/ weighted average 
number of diluted Equity Share outstanding.  
e. Book Value per Share = Net worth / No. Equity Share.  
f. P/E ratios based on the closing market price as on 29th April 2026, i.e. ₹. 1226.70  (BSE) and ₹. 1228.15 (NSE), 
Earnings per Share based on the Profit after tax (excluding other comprehensive income) based of standalone 
audited financials for the financial year March 31, 2026.  
g. Debt -Equity ratio = Total Debt / Net worth . 
 
(B) Consolidated  
 
Particulars  Pre Buyback  Post Buyback  
Net Worth (₹ crores)a         3,065.58              2,768.88  
Return on Net Worth/ Return on Equity (%)b 15.83%  17.53%  
Basic Earnings per Share (for continued and discontinued operations) - 
Basic (₹)c                   
30.48                        
30.89  
Diluted Earnings per Share (for continued and discontinued operations) - 
Basic (₹)d                   
30.44                        
30.86  
Book value per Share/ NAV per Share (₹)e 192.47  176.22  
P/E based on PAT as per the latest audited financial result - (₹ 1226.70)f  - 
As per BSE  40.25  39.71  
P/E based on PAT as per the latest audited financial result -NSE (₹ 
1228.15)f -As per NSE  40.30  39.75  
Debt -Equity Ratiog                0.07  0.08 
Note : The Post Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed buy -back  amount  of ₹ 
296.7  crores (assuming full acceptance of Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer in the ratio of Buyback) without 
factoring in any other impact to the net worth including applicable taxes or expenses in relation to Buyback  and 
by reducing outstanding shares by proposed no. of buyback of equity shares i.e. 21,50,000 . 
a. Net worth - Paid-up Equity share capital + Other Reserves; Net worth excludes Non -controlling Interest.    
b. Return on Net worth = Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income) attributable to the owners of 
the Company/ Net worth .  
c. Basic Earnings per share = Profit after Tax  attributable to the owners of the Company  (excluding other 
comprehensive income)/ weighted average number of Equity Shares outstanding.   
d. Diluted Earnings per share = Profit after Tax  attributable to the owners of the Company  (excluding other 
comprehensive income)  attributable / weighted average number of diluted Equity Share outstanding .  
e. Book Value per Share = Net worth / No. Equity Share . 
f. P/E ratios based on the closing market price as on 29th April, 2026 i.e. ₹ 1226.70 (BSE) and ₹ 1228.15 (NSE), 
Earnings per Share based on the Profit after tax (excluding other comprehensive income) based of consolidated 
audited financials for the financ ial year March 31, 2026.    
g. Debt -Equity ratio = Total Debt / Net worth .  
   
23 
 11. BASIS  OF CALCULATING  THE  BUYBACK  OFFER  PRICE   
 
11.1 The Equity  Shares  of the Company  are proposed to be bought back at a price of Rs. 1,380/- (Rupees One 
Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty only) per Equity Share  (“Buyback  Offer  Price ”).  
 
11.2 The Buyback Offer Price has been arrived at after considering various factors including, but  not limited to 
the trends in the volume weighted average prices and closing price of the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE 
i.e. the Stock Exchanges, where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed, impact on net worth, price 
earnings ratio, earnings per shar e and other financial parameters . 
 
11.3 The Buyback  Offer  Price  represents:  
i. Premium of 42. 12% and 42. 30% to the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares 
on NSE and BSE, respectively, during the three months preceding the date of intimation to NSE 
and BSE (i.e. April 22, 2026) for the Board meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback 
(“Intimation Date ”).  
ii. Premium of 21.04% and 21.17 % over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity 
Shares on NSE and BSE respectively, for two weeks preceding the Intimation Date . 
iii. Premium  of 14.74% and 14.48% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE 
respectively, as on the Intimation Date . 
 
11.4 For trends  in the market  price  of the Equity  Shares,  please  refer  to paragraph 18 “Stock  Market  Data ” on 
page  33 of this Letter  of Offer.  
 
11.5 The closing market price of the Equity Shares as of the Intimation Date was Rs . 1,202.70 and Rs . 
1,205.40 and as on the Board Meeting Date was Rs . 1,187.65 and Rs . 1,190.85 on NSE and BSE, 
respectively . The closing market price of the Equity Shares on the date of the Public Announcement , 
Wednesday , June 24, 202 6, was Rs. 1,206.70  on BSE and Rs. 1,207.70  on NSE and the closing market 
price of the Equity Shares on the date of the publication of the Public Announcement, being Thursday , 
June 25, 202 6, was Rs. 1,196.65  on BSE and Rs. 1,196.60  on NSE.   
 
11.6 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ii) (a) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company, after the 
Buyback, will not be more than twice the paid -up capi tal and free reserves as per the audited standalone 
financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 
2026.  
 
11.7 For details of salient financial parameters, both pre -Buyback and post -Buyback, based on the latest 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 202 6, please refer to paragraph 10.11  on page 22 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
12. SOURCES  OF FUNDS  FOR  THE  BUYBACK  
 
12.1 Assuming full acceptance, the funds that would be utilised by the Company for the purpose of the 
Buyback of upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs and Fifty Thousand only)  Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 
1,380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty  only)  per Equity Share aggregating  maximum 
amount of Rs. 296.70  crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only)  excluding 
the Transaction Costs.  
 
12.2 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free reserves of 
the Company (retained earnings) and/or such other source as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations or the Companies Act . 
 
12.3 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares  
bought back through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and  the details of such 
transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial  statements .  
 
24 
 12.4 This Buyback is not likely to cause  any material impact on the earnings of the Company, except for the 
cost of financing the Buyback, being a reduction in the current investments (held in the form of fixed 
deposits) that the Company could have otherwise earned on the funds deployed.   
 
12.5 The funds borrowed, if any, from banks and financial institutions shall not be used for the purpose of the 
Buyback .  
 
13. DETAILS  OF THE  ESCROW  ACCOUNT  AND  THE  AMOUNT  DEPOSITED  THEREIN   
 
13.1 In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company has appointed  
HDFC  Bank Limited  as the Escrow Agent for Buyback, and an Escrow Agreement  dated June 25, 2026  
has been  entered into  amongst  the Company, Manager  to the Buyback  and Escrow Agent.  
 
13.2 In accordance  with the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations  and pursuant to the  Escrow  Agreement,  the Company  
has opened  an Escrow Account with the Escrow Agent in the name and style “ KAJARIA CERAMICS 
LIMITED - ESCROW ACCOUNT ” bearing account number 57500002002525  with the Escrow Agent. 
In accordance with Regulation  9(xi) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company has deposit ed a 
sum of Rs. 44.67 crores  (Rupees Forty Four  Crores and Sixty Seven Lacs  Only) in cash equivalent to 
15.06% of the Buyback Offer Size  in the Escrow Account , which is equivalent to 25% of the Buyback 
Offer Size upto Rs. 100 crores and 10% thereafter of the Buyback Offer Size on or before the Buyback 
Opening Date in accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  In accordance with the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, the Manager to the Buyback is empowered under the Escrow Agreement to operate the 
Escrow Account.  
 
14. FIRM  FINANCIAL  ARRANGEMENT   
 
14.1 O P Bagla & Co LLP , Chartered Accountants through their partner CA Atul Bagla (Membership 
Number:  91885 ) have issued a certificate dated  Thursday, April 30, 2026 , certifying that the Company 
has adequate and firm  financial resources to fulfil its obligations under the Buyback. The contact details 
of the chartered accountants  are set forth  below:  
 
O P Bagla & Co LLP   
Address : 501, 5th Floor, B -225, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase -1, New Delhi -110020  
Contact Person : Mr. Atul Bagla  
Tel No.: 011-47011850,51, 52,53   
Email ID : admin @opbco.in   
ICAI  Firm  Registration  No.: 000018N/N500091  
 
14.2 Based on the aforementioned certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that it is satisfied that 
firm arrangements  for fulfilling  the obligations  under  the Buyback  are in place  and that the Company  has 
the ability to implement  the Buyback in  accordance with the  SEBI Buyback Regulations.  
 
15. CAPITAL  STRUCTURE  AND  SHAREHOLDING  PATTERN   
 
15.1 The present  capital  structure  of the Company  as on the date of this Letter of Offer and the post-Buyback  
capital  structure  of the Company  are set forth  below:   
 
Particulars  Present  (in Rs .) Post completion of  the 
Buyback  (in Rs .)* 
  Authorised share capital  
77,00,00,000  Equity Shares of Re . 1/- each  77,00,00,000  77,00,00,000  
77,10,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 100/ - each  77,10,00,000  77,10,00,000  
Issued, subscribed and paid -up share capital  
Issued, subscribed and fully paid -up equity share capital 
of Re. 1/ - each^ 15,92, 93,050   15,71, 43,050   
*Assuming the full acceptance of the Buyback Offer Size. However, the post Buyback issued, subscribed and paid -up share capital 
may differ depending upon the actual number of Equity Shares bought back.  
^ On June 27,  2026, 20,760 Equity shares were allotted pursuant to allotment under ESOP Scheme 2015  and the the Company is 
in process of obtaining listing and trading approval for the same.  
 
15.2 The Company  has not undertaken  any buyback  in the preceding three  years  from  the date of this Letter  
of Offer.   
25 
  
15.3 As on the date of  this Letter  of Offer:  
 
(a) all Equity  Shares  are fully  paid-up and there  are no partly  paid-up shares  or calls-in-arrears;  
(b) there  are no outstanding  preference  shares  or convertible  securities;  and 
(c) it shall not issue, including through a bonus issue, Equity Shares or any other specified securities, 
until the expiry of Buyback Period , except for discharge of subsisting obligations through  stock 
option schemes,  in accordance with Regulation 24(i)(b) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations  
(d) no scheme  of amalgamation  or compromise  or arrangement  pursuant  to the Companies  Act is 
pending  in relation  to the Company.  
(e) There are no locked -in Equity Shares.  
 
15.4 The shareholding  pattern  of the Company , as on the Record Date, i.e ., Monday, June 29, 2026  (pre-
Buyback)  and post-Buyback  (assuming full acceptance)  is set forth  below:   
 
Category of    
Shareholder  Pre-Buyback * Post-Buyback# 
No. of Equity 
Shareholders  No. of Equity  
Shares  % to the 
existing  
Equity  Share  
Capital  No. of Equity 
Shareholders  No. of Equity  
Shares  % to the post -
Buyback  
Equity  Share 
Capital  
Shareholding of Promoter  
Promote r and 
Members of  the 
Promoter  Group,  and 
persons  acting  in 
concert   17  7,59,55,231 47.69  17 7,59,55,231  48.34  
Shareholding of the Non -Promote rs 
Foreign   Investors 
(including Non-
Resident Indians/  
FIIs / Foreign  Mutual  
Funds)  3,198 1,94,89,267  12.24 N.A.  8,11,67,059  51.66  
Financial  
Institutions/Banks/  
Banks  & Mutual 
Funds / Institutions  59 4,17,98,711  26.24 
Others  (Public,  
Bodies  Corporate  
etc.) 1,22,313    2,20,29,081  13.83  
Total  1,25,587   15,92,72,290  100.00  N.A.  15,71,22,290  100.00  
#Note: Assuming full acceptance of Equity Shares in the Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement.  Given that the Promoter, 
Promoter Group and person(s) in control have expressed their intention not to participate in the Buyback, the number of Equit y 
Shares held by Promoter, members of the Promoter Group and person(s) in control are expected to remain same pre -buyback and 
post-buyback. Moreover, shares held by the Promoter, Promoter Group and person(s) in control shall not be considered for 
computing the entitlement ratio .  
*Please note that as on June 2 7,2026 , 20,760 Equity shares were allotted pursuant to allotment under ESOP Scheme 2015  and 
the Company is in process of obtaining listing and trading approval for the same and hence such share s are not reflected in above 
table.  
 
15.5 The shareholding of Promoter and the Promoter Group , who have expressed their intention to participate 
in the Buyback , in terms of number of  Equity  Shares after buyback (assuming full acceptance):  N.A. 
 
15.6 Assuming full acceptance of the Buyback, the issued, subscribed and paid -up Equity Share capital of the  
Company would  be as  fully set out  in paragraph  15.1 of this  Letter  of Offer.  
 
15.7 Please refer to paragraph 15.4 on page 25 of this Letter of Offer for details regarding shareholding (pre 
and post  Buyback) of the Promoter/Promoter Group in the Company.  
 
15.8 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group, persons in control, Directors 
of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company during a period of 
twelve months preceding the date of Public Announcement,  i.e., Wednesday, June 24, 2026 and the 
Public Announcement was published on Thursday, June 25 , 2026 : For details, p lease refer to paragraph 
6.4 on page 17 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
26 
 16. BRIEF  INFORMATION  ABOUT  THE  COMPANY   
 
16.1 The Company was incorporated on December 20 , 1985, under the Companies Act, 1956  under the 
jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Uttar Pradesh at Kanpur , and commenced its commercial 
production in the year 1987 . The registered office of the Company is located at  SF-11, Second Floor, 
JMD Regent Plaza, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Village Sikanderpur Ghosi, Gurugram, Haryana, 122001 . 
The Company had changed its registered office from A -27 to 30, Sikandrabad Industrial Area, 
Sikandrabad, Dist. Bulandshahr (U ttar Pradesh ) to Gurugram , Haryana on July  27, 2015.  
 
16.2 The Company is a public listed company  on BSE (Security Code:  500233 ) and NSE (Security Code:  
KAJARIACER ). 
 
16.3 The Company along with its subsidiaries is engaged in the business of manufacturing , selling and 
distribution of tiles, adhesive and bathware/sanitaryware products.  The Company  is the largest 
manufacturer of tiles with an  annual aggregate capacity of 87. 80 million square meters  (approx.). This 
capacity is spread across four (4) exclusive plants located at Sikandrabad (Uttar Pradesh), Gailpur 
(Rajasthan), Malootana (Rajasthan) and Srikalahasti (Andhra Pradesh) and  five (5) other manufacturing 
facilities of its subsidiaries and joint ventures in India and abroad.  
 
16.4 For the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the Company 
recorded, on a standalone basis, revenue from operations of Rs. 4374.31 crores , Rs. 4218.82  crores and 
Rs. 4103.02 crores , respectively and total income of Rs. 4453.60 crores, Rs. 4286.67  crores and Rs. 
4171.58  crores, respectively. For the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 
31, 2024, the Company recorded, on a consolidated basis, revenue from operations of Rs. 4830.36 crores, 
Rs. 4635.07  crores and Rs. 4474.03  crores, respectively and total income of Rs. 4883.22 crores, Rs. 
4677.81  crores and Rs. 4520.23  crores, respectively. For further details on financial information about 
the Company for the fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024, see “ Financial Information about the Company ” 
on page 31 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
16.5 Details of  the listing  of the equity  shares  of the Company  on the Stock  Exchanges  is set forth  below:  
 
Name  of the stock  exchange  Date of  listing  Whether  continues  to be listed  
BSE June 12, 1995  Yes  
NSE  June 01, 2004  Yes  
 
16.6 The Equity Shares are currently traded in compulsory dematerialised mode under the trading code (s) 
500233  at BSE and  KAJARIACER  at NSE. The ISIN of the Equity Shares is INE217B01036 . 
 
16.7 The following table sets forth the history of the  Equity  Share capital  of the Company  since  incorporation:   
 
Date of 
Allotment/
extinguish
ment/cance
llation  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
issued  Face 
value 
per 
Equity 
Share  
(In 
Rs.) Issue 
Price 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(In 
Rs.) Nature of 
Transaction  Nature of 
consideratio
n (cash, 
bonus, 
consideratio
n other than 
cash)  Cumulative 
number of 
Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
paid -up 
Equity 
Shares 
capital ( In 
Rs.) 
December 
23, 1985  700 10.00 10.00 Subscriber to 
Memorandum  Cash  
consideration  700 7,000 
-* 61,32,700  10.00 10.00 Allotment  Cash 
consideration  61,33,400  6,13,34,000  
-* 14,13,820  10.00 - Conversion of 
debentures into 
equity shares  Consideration 
other than 
cash 75,47,220  7,54,72,200  
-* 12,47,696  10.00 - Conversion of 
debentures into 
equity shares  Consideration 
other than 
cash 87,94,916  8,79,49,160  
April 01, 
1994  54,96,800  10.00 - Conversion of 
debentures into 
equity shares  Consideration 
other than 
cash 1,42,91,716  14,29,17,160  
June 09, 
1995  4,25,000  10.00 - Conversion of 
Loan Consideration 
other than 
cash 1,47,16,716  14,71,67,160  
27 
 Date of 
Allotment/
extinguish
ment/cance
llation  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
issued  Face 
value 
per 
Equity 
Share  
(In 
Rs.) Issue 
Price 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(In 
Rs.) Nature of 
Transaction  Nature of 
consideratio
n (cash, 
bonus, 
consideratio
n other than 
cash)  Cumulative 
number of 
Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
paid -up 
Equity 
Shares 
capital ( In 
Rs.) 
 Pursuant to the resolution (s) passed by the Board on August 26, 2005 and the shareholders  of the Company  on 
September 24, 2005, the fully paid -up equity share of face value Rs. 10/- each was sub -divided into Equity 
Share of face value Rs. 2/- each on the record date being 10th October 2005.  Accordingly, the cumulative 
number of Equity Shares of the Company was changed from 1,47,16,716 equity shares of face value Rs. 10/- 
each to 7,35,83,580 Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 2/- each.   
November 
11, 2013  20,00,000  2.00 250.00  Allotment  Cash 
consideration  7,55,83,580  15,11,67,160  
October 27, 
2014  38,85,420  2.00 257.37  Conversion of 
Warrants into 
equity shares  Cash 
Consideration  7,94,69,000  15,89,38,000  
 Pursuant to the resolution (s) passed by the Board on June 16, 2016 and the shareholders of the Company on 
August 24, 2016, the fully paid -up equity share of face value Rs. 2/- each was sub -divided into Equity Share 
of face value Re. 1/- each on the record date being 5th October, 2016. Accordingly, the cumulative number of 
Equity Shares of the Company was changed from 7,94,69,000 equity shares of face value Rs. 2/- each to 
15,89,38,000 Equity Shares of face value of Re. 1/ - each.  
 
January 31, 
2018  12,300  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,89,50,300  15,89,50,300  
February 
10, 2020  6,900  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,89,57,200  15,89,57,200  
December 
11, 2020  1,23,800  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,90,81,000  15,90,81,000  
June 14, 
2021  86,350  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,91,67,350  15,91,67,350  
January 21, 
2022  36,700  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,04,050  15,92,04,050  
July 21, 
2022  28,500  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,32,550  15,92,32,550  
May 16, 
2023  18,750  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,51,300 15,92,51,300  
July 26, 
2023  7,000  1.00 425.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,58,300  15,92,58,300  
October 22, 
2024  13,990  1.00 980.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,72,290  15,92,72,290  
June 27, 
2026  20,760  1.00 980.00  Allotment 
pursuant to ESOP 
Scheme 2015  Cash 
consideration  15,92,93,050  15,92,93,050  
*Records are not traceable for the respective allotments.  
 
16.8 The following  table  sets forth  details  regarding  the Board  of Directors  as on the date of this 
Letter of Offer :  
 
Name, Qualification,  Occupation, 
Age (in years)  and DIN  Designation  Date of  appointment/ 
re- appointment  Other  directorships  (in other  
companies) and designated  
partnerships  in LLPs  
Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria  
 
Qualification : B.Sc. BSME, UCLA 
(California), USA  
 
Occupation : Business  
 
Age: 78 years  
 
DIN: 00273877  Chairman  First appointment: 
December 20, 1985  
 
Date of appointment in 
the current tenure: 
October 1, 2025  Indian Companies  
 
• Kajaria Bathware Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria  Sanitaryware 
Private Limited  
• Kerovit Global Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Portfolio Private 
Limited  
28 
 Name, Qualification,  Occupation, 
Age (in years)  and DIN  Designation  Date of  appointment/ 
re- appointment  Other  directorships  (in other  
companies) and designated  
partnerships  in LLPs  
 • Kajaria Ultima Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Natural Resources 
Private Limited  
• VK Trustees Private 
Limited  
 
Foreign Companies   
 
N.A. 
Mr. Chetan Kajaria  
 
Qualification : B. Engg. 
(Petrochem), Pune University, 
MBA from Boston College (USA)  
 
Occupation : Business  
 
Age: 51 years  
 
DIN: 00273928  Vice  Chairman  Date of first 
appointment: January 
15, 2000   
 
Date of appointment in 
the current term: 
October 1, 2025   Indian Companies  
 
• Kajaria Portfolio Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Natural Resources 
Private Limited  
• PHD Chamber of 
Commerce and Industry  
• Indian Council of Ceramic 
Tiles and Sanitaryware  
• RK Trustees Private 
Limited  
• Aditya Infotech Limited  
• PRJ Trustees Private 
Limited  
 
Foreign Companies  
 
• Kajaria Ramesh Tiles 
Limited (incorporated in 
Nepal)  
Mr. Rishi Kajaria  
 
Qualification : B. SC. in Business 
Administration from Boston 
University (USA)  
 
Occupation : Business  
 
Age: 47 years  
 
DIN: 00228455   
 Managing Director  Date of first 
appointment: July 26, 
2003  
 
Date of appointment  in 
the current term : 
October 1, 2025   
 
 Indian Companies /entities  
 
• Kajaria Bathware Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Sanitaryware 
Private Limited  
• Kerovit Global Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Portfolio Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Ultima Private 
Limited  
• Kajaria Infrastructure 
Private Limited  
• VK Trustees Private 
Limited  
• Indian Council of Ceramic 
Tiles and Sanitaryware  
• CK Trustees Private 
Limited  
• Greenstat Urja Private 
Limited  (Formerly known 
as Green Energy 
Efficiency Improvement 
Services Private Limited )  
• Vide Canvas Media, LLP  
 
Foreign Companies  
 
29 
 Name, Qualification,  Occupation, 
Age (in years)  and DIN  Designation  Date of  appointment/ 
re- appointment  Other  directorships  (in other  
companies) and designated  
partnerships  in LLPs  
• Kajaria  Ramesh Tiles 
Limited (incorporated in 
Nepal)  
Mr. Dev D att Rishi  
 
Qualification : B.Sc. Engineering, 
Chemical Hons, Graduate with a 
Diploma in Management  
 
Occupation : Business  
 
Age: 76 years  
 
DIN: 00312882  Non-executive 
Director (Non -
Independent)  First appointment:  
January 14, 20 15 
 
Date of appointment in 
the current term:  
July 01, 20 17  Indian Companies  
• Surya Honey Private 
Limited  
 
Foreign Companies   
 
N.A. 
Mr. Sudhir Bhargava  
 
Qualification: Master in Public 
Administration, from Harvard 
University, MA, USA, M.sc. & 
B.Sc. (Hons.)  
 
Occupation : Retired IAS  
 
Age: 71 years  
 
DIN: 00247515   Independent Director  September 23, 2022  Indian Companies  
• Indian Potash Limited  
 
Foreign Companies   
 
N.A. 
Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar  
 
Qualification : Ph.D. (Tourism), 
M.Sc.  
 
Occupation : Retired IAS  
 
Age: 70 years  
 
DIN: 03086982   Independent Director  September 23, 2022   N.A.  
Mrs.  Ambika Sharma  
 
Qualification : Bachelor in 
Economics and Master in Business 
Economics  
 
Occupation : Business  
 
Age: 64 years  
 
DIN: 08201798  Independent Director  March 30, 2025  Indian Companies  
 
• Nature Bio -Foods Limited  
• Ecopure Specialities 
Limited  
• LT Foods Limited  
• Great Eastern Energy 
Corporation Limited  
• Daawat Foods Limited  
• AIL Dixon Technologies 
Private Limited  
• Indo Count Industries 
Limited  
• Waree Renewable 
Technologies Limited  
• Panacea Biotech Limited  
• Aditya Infotech Limited  
 
Foreign Companies  
 
N.A. 
Mr. Hitesh Sohanlal Jain  
 
Qualification : LL.B. from 
Symbiosis Law College, Pune and 
LL.M. from London School of 
Economics, UK  Independent Director  December 19, 2025  Indian Companies/entities  
• Bluekraft Foundation  
• Progressive Strategies LLP  
 
Foreign Companies  
 
30 
 Name, Qualification,  Occupation, 
Age (in years)  and DIN  Designation  Date of  appointment/ 
re- appointment  Other  directorships  (in other  
companies) and designated  
partnerships  in LLPs  
 
Occupation : Service  
 
Age: 52 years  
 
DIN: 00130023   N.A. 
Mr. Pradeep Udhas  
 
Qualification: MBA in 
Management Information System 
from  Union College, New York  
 
Occupation: Service   
 
Age: 67 years   
 
DIN: 02207112   Independent Director  December 19, 2025   Indian Companies  
 
• Hinduja Global Solutions 
Limited  
• Finolex Industries Limited  
• Sharehkan Limited  
 
Foreign Companies  
 
• Tabhi Inc.  
  
 
16.9 The details of changes in the Company’  Board during the three years immediately preceding the date of 
this Letter of Offer are as follows:  
 
Name of the Director  Designation  Appointment /
Re-
appointment/ R
esignation / 
Cessation  Effective 
Date  Reasons  
Mr. Ashok Kumar 
Kajaria  Chairman  Re-appointment  October 01, 
2025  Re-designated  and 
re-appointed as the  
Chairman in the 
category of 
Executive Director  
Mr. Chetan Kajaria  Vice  Chairman  Re-appointment  October 01, 
2025  Re-designated and 
re-appointed as the 
Vice Chairman in 
the category of 
Executive Director  
Mr. Rishi Kajaria  Managing Director  Re-appointment  October 01, 
2025  Re-designated and 
re-appointed as the  
Managing Director  
Mr. H. Rathnakar Hegde  Independent Director  Cessation  April 01, 
2024  Completion of 
tenure  
Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar  Independent Director  Appointment  September 
23, 2022   - 
Mr. Sudhir Bhargava  Independent Director  Appointment  September 
23, 2022   - 
Mrs. Sushmita Singha  Independent Director  Cessation  March 30, 
2025  Completion of 
tenure  
Mrs. Ambika Sharma  Independent Director  Appointment  March 30, 
2025   - 
Mr. Rajender Mohan 
Malla  Independent Director  Resignation  Close of 
business 
hours of 
September 
22, 2025  Resignation  
Mr. Hitesh Sohanlal Jain  Independent Director  Appointment  December 
19, 2025  - 
Mr. Pradeep Udhas  Independent Director  Appointment  December 
19, 2025  - 
 
Except as mentioned above, there were no changes in the Board of the Company during the last three 
years immediately preceding the date of this Letter of Offer.  
31 
  
16.10  The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter, members of the Promoter Group and persons 
in control of the Company, except to the extent of the change in their shareholding as per the response 
received in the Buy -back, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to a reduction 
in the Equity Share Capital of the Company, post Buyback . 
 
17. FINANCIAL  INFORMATION  ABOUT  THE  COMPANY  
 
17.1 The selected financial information, as extracted from the audited standalone financial statements of the 
Company for the last three financial years ended as on March 31, 202 6, March 31, 202 5 and March 31, 
2024, is detailed below : 
 
(Amount in Rs. crores)  
Particulars  Audited  
(IND -AS) 
For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2026  For the 
financial year 
ended on March 
31, 2025  For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 
2024  
Revenue from Operations         4,374.31         4,218.82    4,103.02  
Other Income            79.29            67.85      68.56  
Total Revenue (A)        4,453.60         4,286.67    4,171.58  
Total Expense (excluding Finance costs, 
Depreciation & Amortisation , Tax and Exceptional 
Items)         3,679.45         3,728.94  3,540.63  
Finance Costs            8.72             8.88  8.17  
Depreciation & Amortisation           117.92           117.22  110.54  
Total Expenses  (B)        3,806.09         3,855.04  3,659.34  
Profit before exceptional and extraordinary items 
& tax  (C = A – B)          647.51           431.63  512.24  
Exceptional items  (D)           21.71           112.38  -   
Profit before tax (E = C – D)          625.80           319.25  512.24  
Tax expense (including Deferred Tax)  (F)          169.03           115.11  130.79  
Profit after tax (G = E – F)          456.77           204.14  381.45  
Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year net 
of tax  (H)           10.12             0.66  (0.07)  
Total Comprehensive Income for the period  (I = 
G + H)           466.89           204.80  381.38  
    
Paid-up equity share capital ( J)           15.93            15.93  15.93  
Other  Reserves ( K) 2,883.37          2,591.67  2,554.59   
Net Worth  / Equity * (L = J + K )        2,899.30         2,607.60   2,570.52  
Debt        
Borrowings (Current and Non -current)  (i)             -   2.95 6.55  
Lease Liabilities  (Current and Non -current)  (ii) 88.83 93.37  60.30  
Total Debt  (M = i + ii)            88.83  96.32  66.85  
 
Key financial  ratios  on a standalone  basis  are as under:  
 
Key Ratios  (Audited) (IND -AS) 
For the 
financial year 
ended on March 
31, 2026  For the financial 
year ended on 
March 31, 2025  For the 
financial 
year ended 
on March 
31, 2024  
Basic Earnings per equity share (in INR)            28.68            12.82  23.95  
Diluted Earning per equity share (in INR)            28.65            12.81  23.93  
Book value per equity share (in INR)  182.03  163.72  161.41  
Total Debt / Equity Ratio (in times)            0.03             0.04  0.03  
Return on Equity (%)  15.75% 7.83% 14.84% 
 
The key ratios  have  been computed as  below:  
32 
  
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per equity share 
(in INR)  Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income) / Weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the period/year  
Diluted Earning per equity share 
(in INR)  Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income) / Weighted average 
number of equity shares (including potential equity shares) outstanding during 
the period/year  
Book value per equity share (in 
INR)  Net worth ( Paid-up Equity Share Capital + Other Reserves ) / No. Equity Share  
 
Total Debt / Equity Ratio (in 
times)  Total Debt ( Total Borrowing + Total Lease Liabilities ) / Net worth  
Return on Net Worth/Equity (%)   Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income) / Net worth  
 
17.2 The selected financial information, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Company for the last  three  financial years ended as on March 31, 202 6, March 31, 202 5 and  March 
31, 202 4, is detailed below:  
(Amount in Rs. crores ) 
Particulars  Audited  
(IND AS)  
For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2026  For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2025  For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2024  
Revenue from Operations         4,830.36         4,635.07           4,474.03  
Other Income            52.86            42.74              46.20  
Total Revenue (A)        4,883.22         4,677.81           4,520.23  
Total Expense (excluding Finance costs, 
Depreciation & Amortisation , Tax and Exceptional 
Items)         3,965.38         4,008.89           3,767.23  
Finance Costs            22.63            20.03              17.29  
Depreciation & Amortisation           169.37           165.40             147.55  
Total Expenses  (B)        4,157.38         4,194.32           3,932.07  
Profit before share of profit  (loss) in joint venture 
and tax from continuing operations  (C = A - B)          725.84           483.49             588.16  
Share of profit /(loss) from joint venture  (D)           1.02             0.77              (1.20)  
Profit before exceptional and extraordinary 
items & tax  (E = C + D)           726.86           484.26             586.96  
Exceptional items  (F)           44.02              -                 -   
Profit before tax and continuing operations  (G = 
E – F)          682.84           484.26             586.96  
Tax expense (including Deferred Tax)  (H)          192.78           135.95             143.46  
Profit for the year from continuing operations  (I 
= G – H)          490.06           348.31             443.50  
Loss from Discontinuing operations  (J)           (3.06)           (48.29)             (11.34)  
Profit for the year  (K = I + J)           487.00           300.02             432.16  
Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year net 
of tax  (L)           9.72             1.23               0.19  
Total Comprehensive Income for the year  (M = 
K + L)           496.72           301.25             432.35  
Profit for the year attributable to:        
(a) Owners of the Compan y          485.41           294.35             422.11  
(b) Non- Controlling Interest            1.59             5.67              10.05  
Other comprehensive income for the year 
attributable to:        
(a) Owners of the Compan y           9.55             1.18               0.15  
(b) Non- Controlling Interest            0.17             0.05               0.04  
        
Total comprehensive income for the year 
attributable to:        
(a) Owners of the Compan y          494.96           295.53             422.26  
(b) Non- Controlling Interest            1.76             5.72              10.09  
        
Paid-up equity share capital ( N) 15.93  15.93  15.93  
Other  Reserves ( O) 3,049.65  2,728.41  2,600.60  
33 
 Net worth/  Equity* ( P = N +O) 3,065.58  2,744.34  2,616.53  
Debt     
Borrowings (Current and Non -current)  (i) 130.32  175.94  170.59  
Lease Liabilities (Current and Non -current)  (ii) 98.27  97.92  68.35  
Total Debt  (Q = i + ii)  228.59  273.86  238.94  
* Excluding non -controlling interest  
 
Key financial  ratios  on consolidated  basis  are as under:  
 
Key Ratios  Audited  
(IND -AS) 
For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2026  For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2025  For the 
financial year 
ended on 
March 31, 2024  
Basic Earnings per equity share (for continued and 
discontinued  operations) (in INR)            30.48            18.48              26.51  
Diluted Earning s per equity share (for continued 
and discontinued  operations) (in INR)            30.44            18.47              26.48  
Book value per equity share (in INR)  192.47  172.30  164.29  
Total Debt / Equity Ratio (in times)  0.07 0.10 0.09 
Return on Equity (%)  15.83%  10.73%  16.13%  
 
The key ratios  have  been computed as  below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per equity share (in INR)  Net Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (excluding 
other comprehensive income)  / Weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the period/year  
Diluted Earning s per equity share (in INR)  Net Profit attributable to the owners of the Company (excluding 
other comprehensive income) / Weighted average number of 
equity shares (including potential equity shares) outstanding 
during the period/year  
Book value per equity share (in INR)  Net worth (Paid-up Equity Share Capital + Other Reserves ) / No. 
Equity Share  
 
Note: Net worth excludes Non -controlling Interest  
Total Debt / Equity Ratio (in times)  Total Debt ( Total Borrowing + Total Lease Liabilities ) / Net 
worth  
Return on Net Worth/Equity (%)   Profit after Tax (excluding other comprehensive income) 
attributable to the owners of the Company/ Net worth  
 
17.3 The Company hereby declares that it will comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial  Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended, if it becomes 
applicable, in connection  with the Buyback.  
 
17.4 The Company  hereby  also declares  that it has complied  with and will comply  with Sections  68, 69 and 
70 of the Companies  Act, and all other  provisions  of the Companies  Act, as  may be applicable  to the 
Buyback.  
 
18. STOCK  MARKET  DATA  
 
18.1 The Equity Shares are currently listed and traded only on the BSE and NSE. The Equity Shares are 
currently traded in compulsory dematerialised mode under the trading code (s) 500233  at BSE and 
KAJARIACER at NSE.  The ISIN of the Equity Shares is  INE217B01036 . 
 
18.2 The high, low and average market prices in preceding three  fiscal years and the monthly high, low and 
average market  prices for the six months preceding the date of the Public Announcement, i.e., 
Wednesday, June 24, 2026 , and the corresponding volumes  on BSE and NSE are  given  below:   
 
BSE  
 
Period  High  Low  
34 
 (Rs)# Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
Traded on 
that Date  (Rs)## Date of 
Low  Number 
of 
Equity  Average 
Price 
(Rs)* Total 
volume of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded in 
the period 
(Number 
of Equity 
Shares)  
Preceding three years  
April 1, 2025 to 
March 31, 2026  1,322.00  08-Aug-
25 39,745  745.00  07-Apr-
25 15,792  1,057.17  1,76,55,371  
April 1, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025  1,578.25  24-Sep-
24 29,546  830.50  03-Mar-
25 9,102  1,222.10  36,18,352  
April 1, 20 23 to 
March 31, 2024  1,522.00  18-Aug-
23 7,352  1,044.10  05-Apr-
23 703 1,295.95  25,31,310  
Preceding six months  
May 1, 2026 - 
May 31, 2026  1,190.35  04-May-
26 1,14,086  1,041.50  18-May-
26 6,074  1,074.45  11,29,734  
April 1, 2026 – 
April 30, 2026  1,246.75  28-Apr-
26 2,11,952  947.45  02-Apr-
26 12,097  1,135.35  17,21,880  
March 1, 2026 to 
March 31, 2026  976.9  11-Mar-
26 20,392  870.10  16-Mar-
26 17,068  930.60  19,69,137  
February 1, 
2026 to 
February 28, 
2026  1,013.45  18-Feb-
26 1,00,822  870.00  02-Feb-
26 4,19,641  948.99  21,89,234  
January 1, 2026 
to January 31, 
2026  1,033.80  16-Jan-26 3,186  871.00  30-Jan-
26 4,08,423  963.82  8,98,719  
December 1, 
2025 to 
December 31, 
2025  1,102.50  15-Dec-
25 21,864  949.20  29-Dec-
25 12,192  1,039.60  3,78,714  
Source: www.bseindia.com 
# High  of the daily  high prices.  
## Low of the daily  low prices.  
*Arithmetic average of the closing prices of all trading days during the said period.   
 
NSE  
Period   High  Date of 
High   Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
Traded on 
that Date   Low  Date of 
Low   Number 
of Equity   Average 
Price 
(Rs)*   Total 
volume of 
Equity 
Shares 
traded in the 
period 
(Number of 
Equity 
Shares)    (Rs)#  (Rs)## 
Preceding three years  
April 1, 
2025 to 
March 31, 
2026          
1,321.90  08-Aug-
25         
19,95,326  758.70  07-Apr-
25         
2,93,884         
1,057.37        
10,00,66,209  
April 1, 
2024 to 
March 31, 
2025          
1,578.70  24-Sep-
24           
5,56,110  831.10  03-Mar-
25         
1,35,077         
1,222.13          
6,03,26,087  
April 1, 
2023 to 
March 31, 
2024          
1,523.80  18-Aug-
23           
2,36,250  1046.20  03-Apr-
23            
71,774         
1,296.24          
5,36,86,862  
Preceding six months  
May 1, 
2026 - 
May 31, 
2026          
1,187.00  04-May-
26         
12,17,781  1041.20  18-May-
26         
2,43,570         
1,074.56             
63,06,490  
April 1, 
2026 – 
April 30, 
2026          
1,246.80  28-Apr-
26           
4,17,157  945.50  01-Apr-
26       
12,35,094         
1,135.51          
1,05,55,704  
35 
 March 1, 
2026 to 
March 31, 
2026             
979.00  11-Mar-
26           
1,85,405  870.00  16-Mar-
26         
3,43,864            
930.89             
61,38,973  
February 
1, 2026 to 
February 
28, 2026          
1,013.15  18-Feb-
26         
13,01,004  869.60  02-Feb-
26         
1,42,972            
949.04             
55,13,837  
January 1, 
2026 to 
January 
31, 2026          
1,016.45  08-Jan-
26           
2,77,671  871.00  30-Jan-
26         
2,54,335            
968.05             
44,08,955  
December 
1, 2025 to 
December 
31, 2025          
1,102.90  15-Dec-
25           
5,94,502  948.20  29-Dec-
25         
4,01,173         
1,039.56             
67,18,316  
Source: www.nseindia.com  
#High of the daily high prices.  
##Low of the daily low prices.  
* Arithmetic average of the closing prices of all trading days during the said period.  
 
18.3 The proposal  for the Buyback  was approved  at the Board  Meeting,  for which  the intimation  was sent to the 
Stock  Exchanges on  Wednesday, April 22, 2026 . The  closing  market  price  of the Equity  Shares  on BSE 
and NSE  during  this period  are summarised  below:   
 
Event  Date  BSE  (Rs.) NSE  (Rs.) 
1 (One) trading day prior to the intimation of the 
Board  Meeting  April 21, 2026  1,192.40  1,194.10  
On the Intimation date of the Board Meeting 
convened to consider the  proposal of the Buyback  April 22, 2026  1,205.40  1,202.70  
1 (One) trading day prior to the Board Meeting  April 29, 2026  1,226.70 1,228.15  
Date  of the Board Meeting  April 30, 2026  1,190.85  1,187.65  
1 (One)  trading  day post the Board  Meeting  May 0 4, 2026  1,103.75  1,104.50  
Source: www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com  
 
19. DETAILS  OF THE  STATUTORY  APPROVALS  
 
19.1 The Buyback will be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required  under the applicable laws  
including from SEBI, BSE and/ or NSE, and the Buyback from Non -Resident Shareholders, erstwhile 
overseas  corporate  bodies  and other  applicable  categories  will be subject  to such approvals  of the 
Reserve  Bank  of India,  if any, under  FEMA  and/or  such other  applicable rules  and regulations  in force 
for the time  being.  
 
19.2 The Board at its meeting held on Thursday, April 30, 2026 , approved the proposal for Buyback and the 
Equity Shareholders  approved the Buyback  by a special resolution through a postal ballot, the results of 
which were declared on  Thursday, June 23, 2026 . 
 
19.3 The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals as may 
be required  by such Eligible  Shareholder  under  applicable  laws and regulations.  The Eligible  
Shareholder  shall  be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and approvals 
(including, without limitation the  approvals from the Reserve Bank of India, if any) as may be required 
by them in order to sell their Equity  Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An Eligible 
Shareholder would be required to provide copies  of all such consents and approvals obtained by them to 
the Registrar to the Buyback. The Buyback of Shares  from Non -Resident Shareholders, Overseas 
Corporate Bodies (OCBs) , Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs), and  members of foreign nationality, if 
any, etc., will be subject to approvals, if any, of the Appropriate Authorities,  including RBI under FEMA, 
as applicable. It is the obligation of such Non -Resident Shareholders, to obtain  such approvals and 
submit such approvals along with the Tender Form, so as to enable them to tender Equity  Shares in the 
Buyback and for the Company to purchase such Equity Shares,  tendered. The Company will have the 
right to make payment in respect of the Equity Shareholders for whom no prior approval from the RBI 
is required and not accept Equity Shares from the Equity Shareholders in respect of whom  prior approval 
from  the RBI is required and in the event copies of such approvals are not submitted. Non -Resident 
36 
 Shareholders  (excluding  OCBs)  permitted  under  the automatic  process  prescribed  under  applicable  
FEMA  Regulations,  read with the consolidated Foreign Direct Investment policy issued by the 
Government of India, are not required to  obtain  approvals  from  RBI.  
 
19.4 Erstwhile OCB s are required to obtain specific prior approval from RBI for tendering Equity Shares in 
the Buyback Offer. The Company shall not accept Equity Shares from OCB Shareholders in respect of 
whom such RBI approval is required and copies of such approvals are no t submitted.  
 
19.5 By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, the non -resident Eligible Shareholders give the Company the  
authority  to make,  sign,  execute,  deliver,  acknowledge  and perform  all applications  to file regulatory  
reporting , if required,  including  FC-TRS form, if  necessary and undertake to provide assistance  to the 
Company  for such regulatory  reporting  if required  by the Company.  
 
19.6 The Company confirms that there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required by it for the  
Buyback as on the date of this Letter of Offer. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicabl e 
subsequently, the Buyback will be subject to such statutory or regulatory approval(s) and the Company 
shall  obtain such statutory approvals as may be required, from time to time, if any. In the event of any 
delay in  receipt of any statutory/ regulatory approvals, changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback, 
if any, shall  be intimated  to the Stock  Exchanges.  
 
19.7 As on the date of the Letter of Offer, the Company has outstanding facilities with lenders. The Company 
has obtained consents from its lenders and it is confirmed that there is no breach of any covenant with 
such lenders . 
 
20. DETAILS  OF REGISTRAR  TO THE  BUYBACK  AND COLLECTION CENTRE  
 
Eligible  shareholders  are required  to send Tender  Form  along  with the other  requisite  document(s),  as 
mentioned  in “Procedure for Tender Offer and  Settlement ” on page  42 of this Letter  of Offer  along  with 
TRS generated by the stock exchange bidding system upon placing of a bid, either by speed  post or 
courier  or hand  delivery  to the Registrar  to the Buyback,  so that the same  are received  not later than the 
Buyback Closing Date  i.e. Thursday, July 09, 2026 by 5:00 p.m . (IST).  The envelope should be super 
scribed  as “Kajaria Ceramics Limited – Buyback 2026 ”. The Company has appointed MUFG Intime 
India Private Limite d (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  as the Registrar to the Buyback  and 
in case of any query,  the shareholders  may contact  the Registrar  to the Buyback  on any day, except  
Saturday,  Sunday  and public  holidays  between  10.00  a.m. and 5:00 p.m.  (IST) at the following  address:  
 
 
MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED (FORMERLY LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED)  
Address:  C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg,  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel No .: +91 - 8108114949  
Contact Person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
Email: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance Id: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058  
Validity Period: Permanent   
CIN:  U67190MH1999PTC118368  
 
For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form, submission of Tender Form and 
TRS to the Company, Manager or the Registr ar is not mandatory . After the confirmation of lien  marked 
in demat account of the Eligible Shareholders to the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the 
exchange bidding system, the Bid for Buyback shall be deemed to have been accepted for Eligible 
Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in demat form . Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
the dematerialized form are requested to refer to parag raph 22.23  of this Letter of Offer.  
 
THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE 
SENT TO  THE COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK.  

37 
  
ELIGIBLE  SHAREHOLDERS  ARE  ADVISED  TO ENSURE  THAT  THE  TENDER  FORM,  TRS  
AND  OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS ARE COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECTS  
OTHERWISE THE  SAME  ARE  LIABLE  TO BE REJECTED.  
 
21. PROCESS  AND  METHODOLOGY  FOR  THE  BUYBACK   
 
21.1 The Company propose s to Buyback upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs and Fifty Thousand only)  Equity 
Shares  (representing 1.35% of the total number of equity shares in the total paid -up equity share capital 
of the Company  as on April 30, 2026 ), from all Eligible Shareholders on a proportionate basis, through 
the ‘tender offer’ process, at a  price of Rs. 1,380/ - (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty 
only)  per Equity Share , payable in  cash, for an aggregate maximum amount of Rs. 296.70 crores 
(Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs Only) , excluding the Transaction Costs , 
through the Tender Offer route using the stock exchange mechanism, on a proportionate basis from all 
the Equity Shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of the Company as on the Record Date .  
 
21.2 The Buyback is pursuant to Article 4 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Sections 68, 
69, 70 , 108, 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act and the relevant rules 
made thereunder  including the Share Capital and Debentures Rules,  the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules,  2014,  to the extent applicable, and the provisions of the SEBI  Buyback 
Regulations and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Buyback is subject to receipt of such approvals , 
permissions, exemptions  of th e statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities, as may be required  
from time to time  under the applicable laws including  but not limited  to the SEBI,  the RBI  and/ or the 
Stock  Exchanges.  The Equity Shareholders approved the Buyback by way of a special resolution 
through  a postal ballot, the results of which were announced on  Tuesday, June 23, 2026 . The Buyback 
Size does not exceed 25% of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves as per the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company  available  as on the date of the Board 
meeting approving the Buyback, i.e. as of the financial year ended March 31, 202 6. 
 
21.3 The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in the 
Buyback and, accordingly , Eligible Shareholders may take their own  decision after consulting their 
own advisors, as they  may deem fit, regarding their participation  in the Buyback.  
 
21.4 The Promoter  and Members of the Promoter Group have expressed their intention not to participate in 
the Buyback. For further details, please refer to  “Intention of the Promoter and Members of the Promoter 
Group to Participate in the Buyback ” on page 19 of this Letter of Offer . 
 
21.5 The aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and members of Promoter Group of the Company as at the 
date of the Public Announcement is 7,59,55,231 which represents 47.69% as on the date of the Public 
Announcement. Please note as on June 27, 2026, 20,760 Equi ty Shares were allotted  under the ESOP 
Scheme 2015. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and 
members of Promoter Group of the Company is 7,59,55,231 which represents 47.68%. In terms of the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offe r route, the Promoter and members of the Promoter 
Group and persons  in control of the Company have an option to participate in the Buyback. In this 
regard, Promoter and members of the Promoter Group of the Company have expressed their intention 
not to participate in the Buyback. Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% from all 
the Eligible Shareholders up to their entitlement (full acceptance), the aggregate shareholding of the 
Promoter, members of the Promoter Group and persons in control may increase from the current pre -
Buyback shareholding (as on the date of this Letter of Offer) of 47.68% to 48.34% of the post Buy -
back equity share capital of the Company. Further, the aggregate shareholding of the public 
Shareholders in the Company may decrease to 51.66% post Buyback from the current pre -Buyback 
share holding of 52.32% (as on the date of this Letter of Offer).  
 
21.6 Record  Date,  Ratio  of Buyback and  Buyback  Entitlement :  
 
(a) As required under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company fixed  Monday, June 29, 2026 , 
as the Record Date for the purpose of determining the Buyback E ntitlement and the names of 
the Eligible  Shareholders  of the  Equity Shares,  who are eligible to participate in the Buyback.  
 
38 
 (b) The Equity Shares to be bought back, as part of the Buyback is divided into two categories and 
the Buyback E ntitlement  of a Shareholder  in each category  shall be  calculated  accordingly:  
 
(i) Reserved  category  for Small  Shareholders  (“Reserved  Category ”); and 
 
(ii) General  category  for all other Eligible  Shareholders  (“General       Category ”). 
 
(c) ‘Small Shareholder’ has been defined under Regulation 2(i)(n) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and  in relation to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder who holds Equity 
Shares having market value of not more than Rs. 2,00,000/ - (Rupees  Two Lacs  Only),  on the 
basis  of closing  price  on BSE or NSE, whichever registers the highest trading volume in respect 
of the Equity Shares on the Record  Date. As on the Record Date, the volume of Equity Shares 
traded on BSE was  21,362  Equity Shares and  on NSE was  4,03,684  Equity Shares. 
Accordingly, NSE  being the stock  exchange  with highest  trading  volume,  the closing price was 
Rs. 1,205 /- and hence all Eligible Shareholders holding not more than 165 Equity  Shares  as on 
the Record Date  are classified as  ‘Small  Shareholders’  for the purpose  of the Buyback.   
 
(d) Based on the above definition, there are 1,14,857  Small Shareholders with aggregate 
shareholding of 25,59,821  Equity Shares (as on the Record Date), which constitutes 1,61% of 
the outstanding number of Equity  Shares of the Company  as on the record date  and 119.06 % 
of the maximum number of Equity Shares which are proposed to be  bought  back  as part of this 
Buyback.  
 
(e) In accordance with Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the 
Small  Shareholders  (Reserved  Category),  will be 3,22,500  Equity shares,  which  is higher  of: 
 
(i) 15% of the number  of Equity  Shares  which  the Company  proposes  to Buyback  (15%  
of 21,50,000  Equity Shares), which  works  out to 3,22,500  Equity  Shares;  or 
 
(ii) The number  of Equity  Shares  to which  the Small  Shareholders  are entitled  as per their 
shareholding as on the Record  Date  (i.e., 25,59,821 / 8,33,17,059  × 21,50,000 ), which  
works  out to 66,056  Equity  Shares.  
 
(f) Given that the Promoter and members of the Promoter Group have expressed their intention not 
to participate in the Buyback, Equity Shares held by them shall not be considered for computing 
the Entitlement Ratio.  
 
(g) Based  on the above  and in accordance  with Regulation  6 of the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations,  
3,22,500  Equity  Shares will be reserved for Small Shareholders. Accordingly, General 
Category  for all other Eligible Shareholders  shall consist of 18,27,500  Equity  Shares.  
 
(h) Based  on the  aforementioned,  the entitlement  ratio of Buyback for  both categories  is set forth 
below:  
 
Category  Indicative  Entitlement  ratio  in the  
Buyback* 
Reserved  Category  for Small  Shareholders  16 Equity  Shares out of every  127 Equity  
Shares held  on the  Record  Date  
General  Category  for all other  Eligible  Shareholders  21 Equity  Shares out of every  928 Equity  
Shares held  on the  Record  Date  
*The above ratio of Buyback is approximate and provides an indicative Buyback Entitlement. Any computation of 
entitled  Equity Shares using the above ratio may provide a slightly different number due to rounding off. The actual 
Buyback Entitlement for reserved category for Small Shareholders is 12.598537163% and general category for all 
other Eligible Shareholders is 2.262955055%. The exact Entitlement as per the holding as on Record Date shall be 
communicated electron ically to the Eligible Shareholders along with the Letter of Offer.  
 
21.7 Fractional  Entitlements  
 
(a) If the Buyback Entitlement, after applying the above -mentioned ratios to the Equity Shares held 
on the Record  Date, is not a round number (i.e., not in the multiple of 1 (one) Equity Share), 
39 
 then the fractional entitlement  shall be ignored for computation of the Buyback Entitlement to 
tender Equity Shares in the Buyback for both  categories  of Eligible Shareholders.  
 
(b) On account of ignoring the fractional entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold  7 or less 
Equity Shares  as on the Record Date will be dispatched a Tender Form with zero  entitlement. 
Such Small Shareholders are  entitled  to tender  Additional  Equity  Shares  as part of the Buyback  
and will be given  preference  in the Acceptance  of one Equity Share, if such Small Shareholders 
have tendered Additional Equity Shares. The Company shall  make best efforts subject to the 
SEBI Buyback Regulations in  accepting  Equity Shares tendered  by such Eligible  Shareholders  
to the extent  possible and  permissible.  
 
21.8 Basis  of Acceptance  of Equity Shares  validly tendered  in the  Reserved  Category : 
 
In accordance with this Letter of Offer, the Acceptance in the Buyback from the Reserved Category will be 
implemented  in the following  order  of priority:  
 
(a) Full Acceptance  (100%)  from  Small  Shareholders  in the Reserved  Category,  who have  validly  
tendered their Equity  Shares  to the extent  of their Buyback  Entitlement,  or the number  of Equity  
Shares  tendered  by them,  whichever  is less. 
 
(b) Post-acceptance as described in paragraph 21. 8(a) above, in case there are any Equity Shares 
left to be  bought  back  from  the Small  Shareholders  in the Reserved  Category,  the Small  
Shareholders  who were  entitled to tender zero Equity Shares (on account of ignoring the 
fractional entitlement), and have  tendered  Additional  Equity  Shares  as part of the Buyback,  
they shall  be given  preference  and one Equit y Share each from the Additional Equity Shares 
applied by such Small Shareholders would be bought  back in  the Reserved  Category.  
 
(c) Post-acceptance as described in paragraphs 21. 8(a) and 21. 8(b) above, in case there are any 
validly  tendered unaccepted Equity Shares in the Reserved Category  (“Reserved Category 
Additional Equity  Shares ”) and Equity  Shares  left to be bought  back  in the Reserved  Category,  
the Reserved  Category  Additional Equity Shares  shall be accepted in a proportionate manner 
and the acceptances shall be  made  in accordance  with the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations  (i.e., valid  
Acceptance  per Small  Shareholder  shall be equal to the Reserved Category Additional Equity 
Shares validly tendered by them divided by  the total Reserved Category Additional Equity 
Shares and multiplied by the total pending number of  Equity Shares to be accepted in Reserved 
Category). For the purpose of this calculation, the Reserved  Category Additional Equity Shares 
taken into account for the Small Shareholders, from whom one  Equity  Share  has been Accepted 
in accordance  with paragraph  21.8(b)  above,  shall  be reduced  by one. 
 
(d) The procedure  of adjustment  for fractional  results  in case of proportionate  Acceptance,  as 
described  in paragraph 21. 8(c) above,  is set forth  below:  
 
(i) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted,  
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional  
Acceptance  is greater  than or equal  to 0.50,  then the fraction  would  be rounded  off to 
the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted,  
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional  
Acceptance  is less than 0.50, then the fraction  shall  be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the  Buyback 
Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority  to decide  
such final allocation  with respect  to such rounding -off or any excess  of Equity  Shares  or any shortage of 
Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in  paragraph 21  of this 
Letter  of Offer.  
 
21.9 Basis  of Acceptance  of Equity  Shares  validly  tendered  in the  General  Category : 
 
40 
 In accordance  with this Letter  of Offer,  the Acceptance  in the Buyback  from  the General  Category  will 
be implemented  in the following  order  of priority:  
 
(a) Full Acceptance (100%) in the General Category from the Eligible Shareholders who have 
validly  tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement, or the number 
of Equity Shares tendered  by them, whichever is  less. 
 
(b) Post-acceptance as described in paragraph 21. 9(a) above, in case there are any validly tendered  
unaccepted Equity Shares in the General Category (“ General Category Additional Shares ”) 
and Equity Shares left to be bought back in the General Category, the General Category 
Additional Equity  Shares shall be accepted in the proportionate manner and the acceptances 
shall be made in accordanc e with the SEBI Buyback Regulations (i.e.,  valid Acceptance per  
Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to  the General Category Additional Equity Shares validly 
tendered by them divided by the total General  Category Additional Equity Shares and 
multiplied by the total pending number of Equity Shares to be  Accepted in  General Category).  
 
(c) Adjustment  for fractional  results  in case of proportionate  Acceptance  as described  in paragraph  
21.9(b) above:  
 
(i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
accepted,  calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the 
fractional  Acceptance  is greater  than or equal  to 0.50,  then the fraction  would  be 
rounded  off to the next higher  integer . 
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted,  
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the fractional  
Acceptance  is less than 0.50, then the fraction  shall  be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the  Buyback 
Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority  to decide  
such final allocation  with respect  to such rounding -off or any excess  of Equity  Shares  or any shortage of 
Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in  paragraph 21  of this 
Letter  of Offer.  
 
21.10  Basis  of Acceptance  of Equity  Shares  between  Categories : 
 
(a) In case there are any Equity  Shares  left to be bought  back  in one category  (“Partially  Filled  
Category ”) after Acceptance in accordance with the above described methodology for both the 
categories, and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered Equity Shares in the second 
category, then the Additional  Equity Shares in the second category shall be Accepted 
proportionately (i.e., valid Acceptances per  Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to the additional 
outstanding Equity Shares validly tendered by a  Eligible Shareholder in the second category 
divided by the total additional outstanding Equity Shares  validly  tendered  in the second  
category  and multiplied  by the total pending  number  of Equity  Shares  to be bought  back  in the 
Partially Filled  Category).  
 
(b) If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category, and the second category is the Reserved  
Category  for Small  Shareholders,  then for the purpose  of this calculation,  the Additional  Equity  
Shares  tendered by such Small Shareholders, from whom one Equity Share has been Accepted 
in accordance  with “Basis  of Acceptance  of Equity  Shares  validly  tendered  in the Reserved  
Category ” will be reduced  by one Equity Share and shall  be eligible  for priority  Acceptance  of 
one Equity  Share  before  Acceptance  in paragraph 21.9 (a) out of the Equity Shares left to be 
bought back in the Partially Filled Category, provided  no Acceptance  could  take place  from  
such shareholder  in accordance  with paragraph  21.7.  
 
(c) A Small Shareholder who has received a Tender Form with zero Buyback Entitlement and who 
has tendered Additional Shares shall  be eligible for priority Acceptance of one Equity Share 
before  Acceptance, as mentioned above, out of the Equity Shares left to be bought back in the 
General  Category, provided no Acceptance could take place from such Small Shareholder in 
41 
 accordance with  the section entitled “ Basis  of Acceptance  of Equity  Shares  validly tendered in 
the Reserved Category ”. 
 
(d) Adjustment  for fraction  results  in case of proportionate  Acceptance,  as described  in paragraph  
21.10(a) and (b) above:  
 
(i) for any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted,  calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the 
fractional  Acceptance  is greater  than or equal  to 0.50,  then the fraction  would  be 
rounded  off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) for any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted,  calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 (one) and the 
fractional  Acceptance  is less than 0.50,  then the fraction  shall  be ignored.  
 
(iii) in case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Shares or otherwise, 
the Buyback Committee  or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee, in 
consultation with Manager to Buyback and Registrar to Buyback,  will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any 
excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity 
Shares as set out in the process described in Paragraph Process and Methodo logy for 
the Buy -back.  
 
21.11  For avoidance  of doubt,  it is clarified  that: 
 
(a) the Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, shall be lower 
of the following:  
(i) the number of Equity Shares tendered by the respective Shareholder; or  
(ii) the number of Equity Shares held by the respective Shareholder, as on the Record 
Date . 
 
(b) the Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity 
Shares  held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the 
purpose of  Acceptance  in accordance with  the paragraphs  above.  
 
(c) in case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the  
Buyback Committee  or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee, in consultation 
with Manager to Buyback and Registrar to Buyback, will have the authority  to decide  such final 
allocation  with respect  to such rounding -off or any excess  of Equity  Shares  or any shortage  of 
Equity  Shares  after allocation  of Equity  Shares  as set out in the process  described  in 
paragraph 21  of this Letter  of Offer.  
 
21.12  Clubbing  of Entitlements  
 
In accordance  with Regulation  9(ix)  of the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations,  in order  to ensure  that the same  
Eligible Shareholders  with multiple  demat  accounts/  folios  do not receive  a higher  entitlement  under  the 
Small Shareholder  category,  the Company  proposes  to club together  the Equity  Shares  held by such 
Eligible  Shareholders  with a common  PAN  for determining  the category  (Small  Shareholder  or General)  
and entitlement  under  the Buyback.  In case of joint shareholding,  the Company  will club together  the 
Equity  Shares  held in cases  where the sequence of the PANs of the joint shareholders is identical and 
where the PANs of all joint  shareholders are not available, the Company will check the sequence of the 
names of the joint holders and club  together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the name of joint 
shareholders are identical. In case of Eligible Shareholders holding Physical Shares, where the sequence 
of PANs is identical and where the PANs of  all joint shareholders are not available, the Registrar to the 
Buyback will check  the sequence  of the names  of the joint holders and club together the Equity Shares 
held in such cases where the sequence of the PANs and name  of joint shareholders are identical. The 
shareholding of institutional investors like mutual funds, pension  funds/trusts and insurance companies 
etc., with common PAN will not be clubbed together for determining the  category and will be considered 
separately, where these Equity Shares are held for different schemes and have  a different demat account 
nomenclature based on information prepared by the Registrar to the Buyback as per  the shareholder 
42 
 records received from the Depositories. Further, the Equity Shares held under the category of  “clearing 
members” or “corporate body margin account” or “corporate body –broker” as per the beneficial  position 
data as on the Record Date, with common PAN, are not proposed to be clubbed together for determining 
their entitlement  and will be considered  separately,  where  these  Equity  Shares  are assumed  to be held 
on behalf  of clients.  
 
22. PROCEDURE  FOR  TENDER  OFFER  AND SETTLEMENT   
 
A. GENERAL  
 
22.1 The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders/beneficial owners of the Company holding Equity 
Shares either in physical and/ or in dematerialized form as on the Record Date.  
 
22.2 The Buyback shall be undertaken on a proportionate basis through the tender offer process prescribed 
under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations.  Additionally, the Buyback shall, subject to 
applicable laws, be  implement ed through the Tender Offer process, on a proportionate basis. The Letter 
of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback and additional detailed disclosures as 
specified  in the SEBI Buyback Regulations, will be sent to Eligible Shareholders whose names appear 
on the register of  members of the Company, or who are beneficial owners of Equity Shares as per the 
records of Depositories, on  the Record Date, as per the SEBI Buyback Regulations and such other 
circulars or notifications, as may be applicable.  
 
22.3 The Eligible Shareholders who have registered their email IDs with the Depositories / the Company, 
shall be dispatched the Letter of Offer through electronic means. The Eligible Shareholders who have 
not registered their email ids with the Depositories / the Company, shall be dispatched the Letter of Offer 
through physical mode by speed post /courier , on request . In case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and 
the Tender Form, please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph 2 2.23 below.  
 
22.4 The Company will not accept Equity Shares tendered for Buyback which are under restraint order of the 
court/ any other competent authority for transfer/ sale and/ or title in respect of which is otherwise under 
dispute or where loss of share certificates h as been notified to the Company and the duplicate share 
certificates have not been issued either due to such request being under process as per the provisions of 
law or otherwise.  
 
22.5 The Company shall comply with Regulation 24(v) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations which restricts the  
Company from buying back locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till the 
pendency of  the lock-in or till  the time the  Equity Shares  become  transferable.  
 
22.6 The Eligible Shareholders’ participation in the Buyback will be voluntary. The Eligible Shareholders 
may choose to participate, in full or in part, and receive cash in lieu of the Equity Shares to be accepted 
under the  Buyback  or they may choose  not to participate  and enjoy a  resultant  increase  in their  percentage  
shareholding,  post-Buyback, without additional investment. The Eligible Shareholders may also tender 
a part of their Buyback Entitlement. The Eligible Shareholders also have the option of tendering 
Additional Equity Shares (over and  above  their Buyback  Entitlement)  and participate  in the shortfall  
created  due to non-participation  of some  other  Eligible Shareholders, if any. Acceptance of any Equity 
Shares tendered in excess of  the Buyback Entitlemen t by the Eligible Shareholder, shall be in terms of 
procedure outlined in this Letter of Offer. In case any  Eligible Shareholder or any person claiming to be 
an Eligible Shareholder cannot participate in the Buyback  Offer for any reason, the Company, the 
Manager and Registrar to the Buyback and their officers shall not be  liable  in any manner  for such  non-
participation.  
 
22.7 The Company will accept Equity Shares validly tendered for the Buyback by the Eligible Shareholders, 
on th e basis of their Buyback Entitlement as on the Record Date and also Additional Equity Shares, if 
any tendered  by Eligible Shareholders  will be accepted  as per paragraphs  21.7,  21.8 and 21.9.  
 
22.8 Eligible  Shareholders  will have  to tender  their Demat  Shares  from  the same  demat  account  in which  they 
were  holding  such Demat  Shares  (as on the Record  Date).  In case of multiple  demat  accounts,  Eligible  
Shareholders  are required  to tender  the applications  separately  from  each demat  account.  In case of any 
changes  in the demat  account in which the Demat Shares were held (as on Record Date), such Eligible 
Shareholders should provide  sufficient  proof  of the same  to the Registrar  to the Buyback,  and such 
43 
 tendered  Demat  Shares  may be Accepted  subject to appropriate verification and validation by the 
Registrar. The Board or the Buyback Committee  authorised by the Board will have the authority to 
decide such final allocation in case of non -receipt of sufficient proof  by such Eligible Shareholder.  
 
22.9 The Equity  Shares  proposed  to be bought  back  in the Buyback  is divided  into two categories  and the 
entitlement  of an Eligible  Shareholder  in each  category  shall be  calculated  accordingly:  
 
(i) Reserved  Category  for Small  Shareholders;  and 
 
(ii) the General  Category  for all other Eligible  Shareholders.  
 
22.10  After Accepting the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of the Buyback Entitlement, Equity Shares left 
to be  bought as a part of the Buyback, if any, in one category shall first be accepted, in proportion to the 
Equity  Shares tendered, over and above their Buyback Entitlement, by Eligible Shareholders in that 
category, and  thereafter, from Eligible Shareholders who have tendered over and above their Buyback 
Entitlement, in the  other category.  
 
22.11  The maximum tender under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of 
Equity  Shares held by the Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date. In case the Eligible Shareholder 
holds Equity  Shares through multiple demat accounts, the tender through a demat account cannot exceed 
the number of  Equity  Shares  held in that demat account.  
 
22.12  For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed  Nuvama Wealth Management Limited 
as Company’s  Broker  to facilitate the process of tendering of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange 
Mechanism for the Buyback and  through whom the purchases and settlements on account of the Buyback 
would be made by the Company. The contact details of the Company’s Broker are as follows:  
 
Name of the Broker : Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
Address: 801-804, Wing A, Building No. 3, Inspire BKC,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai - 400 051  
Tel No.: +91 22 6623 3325  
Contact Person: Mr. Atul Benke   
Email: kajariaceramics@nuvama.com   
Website: www. nuvama .com  
SEBI Registration No.: INZ000166136  
Validity:  Permanent  
 
22.13  The Buyback shall be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock 
Exchange” pursuant to the SEBI Circulars (“ Stock Exchange Mechanism ”) and following the procedure 
prescribed in the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations and as may be determined by the 
Board (including committee authorized to complete the formalities of the Buyback) on such terms and 
conditions as may be permitt ed by law from time to time.  
 
22.14  The Company shall request  BSE, being the Designated Stock Exchange to provide a separate window 
(the “ Acquisition Window ”) to facilitate placing of sell orders by the Eligible Shareholders who wish 
to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback. The details of the Acquisition Window will be as specified 
by BSE from time to time. During the Tendering Period a ll Eligible Shareholders may place orders in 
the Acquisition Window, through their respective Shareholder Broker  during normal trading hours of 
the secondary market . The Shareholder Broker can enter  orders  for Equity  Shares  held in dematerialized  
form and physical form. In the tendering process, the Company’s Broker may also process the orders  
received from  the Eligible Shareholders.  
 
22.15  In the event the Shareholder Broker(s) of any Eligible Shareholder is not registered with BSE as a trading 
member/ stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholder can approach any BSE registered stock broker  and 
can register themselves by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) facility through the BSE registered 
stock broker (after submitting all details as may be required by such BSE registered stock broker in 
compliance with Applicable Law). In case the Eligible Shareholders are unable to register using UCC 
facility through any other registered broker, Eligible Shareholders may approach Company’s Broker i.e. 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited for guidance to place their bids.  
 
44 
 22.16  The Eligible Shareholder approaching the Designated Stock Exchange registered stock broker (with 
whom he  does not have  an account)  may have  to submit  the requisite  documents  as may be required.  
The requirement of  documents  and procedures may  vary from  broker  to broker.  
 
In case of Eligible Shareholder being  an individual  
 
If Eligible  Shareholder  is registered  with  KYC  Registration  Agency  (“KRA”):  Forms  required:  
 
• Central  Know  Your  Client  (CKYC)  form  including FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if applicable  
• Know  Your  Client  (KYC)  form Documents  required  (all documents  self-attested):  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  Master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
 
If Eligible  Shareholder  is not registered  with  KRA:  Forms  required : 
 
• CKYC  form including  FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if applicable  
• KRA  form  
• KYC  form Documents  required (all  documents  self-attested):  
• PAN  card copy  
• Address  proof  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person verification may be  
required.  
 
In case of Eligible  Shareholder is  HUF : 
 
If Eligible  Seller  is registered  with KYC  Registration  Agency  (“KRA ”): Forms  required:  
 
• Central  Know  Your  Client  (CKYC)  form of  KARTA  including  FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if 
applicable  
• Know  Your  Client  (KYC)  form Documents  required  (all documents  self-attested):  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  Master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
 
If Eligible  Shareholder is  not registered  with KRA:  Forms  required:  
 
• CKYC  form of  KARTA  including FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if applicable  
• KRA  form  
• Know  Your  Client  (KYC)  form Documents  required  (all documents  self-attested):  
• PAN  card cop ies of HUF  & KARTA  
• Address  proof  of HUF  & KARTA  
• HUF  declaration  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
 
It may be noted  that other  than submission  of above  forms  and documents  in person  verification  
may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible  Shareholder other  than  Individual  and HUF : 
 
If Eligible  Shareholder  is KRA  registered:  Form  required  
 
• Know  Your  Client  (KYC)  form  Documents  required  (all documents  certified true  copy)  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
• FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if applicable  
45 
 • Latest  list of Directors/authorised  signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest  shareholding  pattern  
• Board  resolution  
• Details  of ultimate  beneficial  owner  along with  PAN  card and address  proof  
• Last 2 years ’ financial  statements  
 
If Eligible  Shareholder  is not KRA  registered:  Forms  required:  
 
• KRA  form  
• Know  Your  Client  (KYC)  form  Documents  required  (all documents  certified  true copy):  
• PAN  card copy  of company/  firm/trust  
• Address  proof  of company/  firm/trust  
• Bank  details  (cancelled  cheque)  
• Demat  details  only if  Equity  Shares  are in demat  mode  (Demat  Master  /Latest  Demat  statement)  
• FATCA,  IPV, OSV  if applicable  
• Latest  list of Directors/authorised  signatories  /partners/trustees  
• PAN  card copies  & address  proof  of Directors/authorised  signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest  shareholding  pattern  
• Board  resolution/partnership  declaration  
• Details  of ultimate  beneficial  owner  along with  PAN  card and address  proof  
• Last 2 years  financial  statements  
• MoA/Partnership  deed  /trust  deed  
 
It may be noted  that above  mentioned  list of documents  is an indicative  list. The  requirement  of 
documents  and procedures  may vary from  broker  to broker.  
 
22.17  At the beginning of the tendering period, the order for buying Equity Shares shall be placed by the 
Company through the Company Broker. During the Tendering Period, the order for selling the Equity 
Shares will be placed in the Acquisition Window by the Eligible Shareholders through their respective 
Shareholder Broker during normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Shareholder Broker can 
enter orders for Demat Shares as well as Physical Shares . 
 
In the tendering process, the Company’s Broker may also process the orders received from the Eligible 
Shareholders  after Eligible Shareholders have completed their KYC requirement as required by the 
Company’s Broker . 
 
22.18  The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including foreign corporate 
bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign portfolio investors, non -resident Indians, 
members of foreign nationality, if any, shall be subject to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 
and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act, 2025  and rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject to the receipt/provision by such Eligible Shareholders 
of such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or required from concerned authorities including, but 
not limited to, app rovals from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any.  
 
22.19  The reporting requirements for Non -Resident Shareholders under the Foreign Exchange Management 
Act, 1999, as amended, RBI and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall 
be made by the Eligible Shareholder and/or the Shareholde r Broker through which the Eligible 
Shareholder places the bid.  
 
22.20  Multiple bids made by single Eligible Shareholder for selling the Equity Shares shall be clubbed and 
considered  as ‘one’ bid for the purposes of Acceptance.  
 
22.21  Modification/ cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder will be allowed 
durin g the Tendering Period of the Buyback.  
 
22.22  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of BSE i.e., www. bseindia.com  
throughout the trading session and will be updated at specific intervals during the Tendering Period.   
 
46 
 THE  NON -RECEIPT  OF THE  LETTER  OF OFFER  BY, OR ACCIDENTAL  OMISSION  TO 
DISPATCH THE LETTER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE 
THE  LETTER OF OFFER, SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK IN ANY MANNER. 
PLEASE  NOTE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL ACCEPT EQUITY SHARES VALIDLY 
TENDERED FOR  THE  BUYBACK  OFFER  ON THE  BASIS  OF THEIR  HOLDING  AND  
ENTITLEMENT  AS APPEARING IN THE  RECORDS OF  THE  COMPANY  AS ON THE  
RECORD DATE . 
 
22.23  In case of non-receipt  of the Letter  of Offer  and the  Tender  Form:  
 
22.23.1 In case the Eligible  Shareholders  holds  Demat  Shares : 
 
If Eligible Shareholder(s) who have been sent the Letter of Offer through electronic means wish 
to obtain a physical copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the 
Company or  Registrar at the address or e -mail id mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of 
Offer stating name,  address, number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client ID number, 
DP name/ID, beneficiary  account number, and upon receipt of such request, a physical copy of 
the Letter of Offer shall be  provided to such Eligible Shareholder. An Eligible Shareholder may 
participate in the Buyback by  downloading the Tender Form from the website of the Company 
(i.e. www.kajariaceramics.com ), or the Registrar to the Buyback MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ) or by  
providing their application in writing on  plain paper, signed by Eligible Shareholder or all 
Eligible Shareholders (in case Equity Shares are in  joint name),  stating  name  and address  of 
Eligible  Shareholders,  number  of Equity  Shares  held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, 
DP Name/ ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity  Shares  tendered  for the 
Buyback.  For further  process, please  refer  to paragraph  22.25 titled  “Procedure  to be  followed  
by Eligible  Shareholders  holding  Demat  Shares ” on page  47 of this Letter  of Offer.  
 
22.23.2 In case the Eligible  Shareholders  holds  Physical  Shares : 
 
An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading the Tender Form from 
the website  of the Company  (i.e. www.kajariaceramics.com ) or by providing  their application 
in writing on plain paper signed by Eligible Shareholder or all Eligible Shareholders (in  case 
Equity Shares are in joint name) stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares  
held, share certificate number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the 
distinctive  numbers thereof, bank account details together with the original share certificate(s), 
copy of Eligible  Shareholders  PAN  card(s)  and executed  Form  SH-4 in favour  of the Company.  
The securities  transfer  Form  (SH-4) can be downloaded  from  the Company’s  website  (i.e., 
www.kajariaceramics.com ). Eligible  Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form, along 
with the TRS and requisite documents,  reach  the Registrar  to the Buyback  within  2 (two)  days 
of biddin g by such Shareholder Broker and same should reach on or before Buyback Closing 
Date by 5:00 p.m . (IST). If the  signature(s) of the Eligible Shareholders provided in the plain 
paper application differs from the  specimen  signature(s)  recorded  with the Registrar  to the 
Buyback/Company  or are not in the same  order  (although  attested),  the Company/Registrar  to 
the Buyback  shall  have  a right  to reject  such applications.  For further process, please refer to 
paragraph 22.2 6 titled “ Procedure to be followed  by Eligible  Shareholders  holding  Physical  
Shares ” on page  48 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
The Company shall accept Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder(s) 
in the  Buyback  based on  their  shareholding as  on the Record  Date  and the Buyback  
Entitlement.  
 
Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback using the ‘plain paper’ 
option  as mentioned in this paragraph are advised to confirm their entitlement from the 
Registrar to  the Buyback, before participating in  the Buyback.  
 
Please  note that Eligible  Shareholder(s)  who intend  to participate  in the Buyback  will be 
required   to approach  their  respective  Shareholder Broker  (along  with  the complete  set of 
documents  for verification procedures) and have to ensure that their bid is entered by 
their respective Shareholder Broker or broker in the electronic platform to be made 
47 
 available by the Stock Exchanges before   the Buyback  Closing  Date, otherwise the  same are 
liable  to be rejected.  
 
22.24  The Acceptance of the offer for Buyback made by the Company is entirely at the discretion of the 
Eligible Shareholders. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of the Eligible 
Shareholder to either participate or to not participate in th e Buyback. The Company will not be 
responsible in any manner for any loss of documents during transit. All documents  sent by Eligible  
Shareholders  will be at their own risk. Eligible  Shareholders  are advised  to adequately safeguard  their 
interests  in this regard.  
 
22.25  Procedure  to be followed  by Eligible  Shareholders holding  Demat  Shares : 
a) Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares held by them in  dematerialized  
form  under  the Buyback  would  have  to do so through  their respective Shareholder Broker by 
indicating to the concerned Shareholder Broker, the details of Equity  Shares  they intend  to tender 
under  the Buyback.  
b) The Shareholder Broker would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the  Eligible 
Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the  Acquisition Window of 
the Designated Stock Exchange . For further details, Eligible Shareholders may refer to the 
circulars issued by the BSE and the Clearing Corporation . 
c) The details and the settlement number under which the lien will be marked on the  Equity  Shares  
tendered  for the Buyback  will be provided  in a separate  circular  to be issued  by the BSE and/or  the 
Clearing  Corporation.  
d) A lien shall  be marked  by the Shareholder Broker in  the demat  account  of the Eligible Shareholder 
for the shares tendered in tender offer. Details of shares marked as  lien in the demat account of 
the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the  depositories  to Clearing  Corporation.   
e) In case,  the Equity Shareholder ’s demat  account  is held with one depository and clearing member 
pool and Clearing Corporation  Account is held with other depository, shares shall be blocked in 
the shareholders  demat account at source depository during the tendering period. Inter depository  
tender offer (“ IDT”) instructions shall be initiated by the shareholders at source  depository to 
clearing member/ Clearing Corporation account at target depository.  Source  depository  shall  
block  the shareholder’s  securities  (i.e. transfers  from  free balance to blocked balance) and send 
IDT message to target depository for  confirming creation of lien. Details of shares blocked in the 
shareholders demat  account  shall  be provided  by the target  depository  to the Clearing  Corporation.  
f) For custodian  participant  orders  for demat  Equity  Shares,  early  pay-in is mandatory prior to 
confirmation of order by custodian. The custodian participant shall either confirm or  reject the 
orders not later than the closing of trading hours on the last day of the  tendering  period.  Thereafter,  
all unconfirmed  orders  shall  be deemed  to be rejected.  For all confirmed  custodian  participant  
orders,  order  modification  by the concerned selling  member  shall  revoke  the custodian  
confirmation  and the revised  order  shall  be sent to the custodian again  for confirmation.  
g) Upon  placing  the bid, the Shareholder Broker(s) shall  provide  a Transaction  Registration Slip  
(“TRS ”) generated  by the exchange  bidding  system  to the Eligible  Shareholder   on whose behalf 
the bid has been placed. The TRS will contain the details of the  order  submitted  like bid ID 
number,  application  number,  DP ID, client  ID, number  of Equity  Shares tendered etc.  In case of 
non-receipt of the completed tender form and other documents, but lien marked on Equity Shares 
and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such Eligible Shareholder shall be 
deemed to have been accepted . 
h) It is clarified  that in case of dematerialized  Equity  Shares,  submission  of the tender  form  and 
TRS  is not mandatory.  In case of non -receipt of the completed tender form and other 
documents, but receipt of Equity Shares in the accounts of the Clearing Corporation and a 
valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such Equity Shareholder shall be deemed 
to have be en accepted. After the  receipt of the demat Equity Shares by the Clearing 
Corporation  and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the Buyback shall be deemed to 
48 
 have been accepted , for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form . 
i) The Eligible  Shareholders  will have  to ensure  that they keep  the depository participant (“ DP”) 
account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection 
or due to prorated Buyback decided by Company . Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to 
ensure that they keep the  bank account attached with the DP account active and updated to receive 
credit  remittance  due to acceptance  of Buyback  of shares  by the Company. In the event if any 
equity shares are tendered to Clearing Corporation, excess dematerialized equity shares or 
unaccepted dematerialized equity share, if any, tendered by the Eligible Shareholders would be 
returned to them by the respective Clearing Corporation. If the securities transfer instruction is 
rejected in the depository system, due to any issue, then such securities will be transferred to the 
Shareholder Broker’s depository pool account for onward transfer to the eligible shareholder. On 
the date of the settlement, in case of Custodian Participant orders, excess dematerialized shares or 
unaccepted dematerialized shares, if any, will be returned to the respective cu stodian depository 
pool account.  
j) Eligible Shareholders who have tendered their demat shares in the buyback shall also provide all 
relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of the demat shares in respect 
of the tender form to be sent. Such documents may include (but not be li mited to): (i ) duly attested 
power of attorney, if any person other than the eligible shareholder has signed the tender form; 
(ii) duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/legal heirship certificate, in case any 
eligible shareholder is deceased, or co urt approved scheme of merger/amalgamation for a 
company; and (iii) in case of companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations 
(including board and/or general meeting resolutions).  
k) Non-Resident shareholders (except FPIs) are required to submit the Tender Form, self -declaration 
forms ( Annexure 1  and Annexure 2 ) along with below mentioned documents to avail DTAA 
benefit for lower rate for withholding tax to be determined by Company:  
i. Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested by the 
Shareholders or details as prescribed under the Income -tax Rules, 2026 in absence of PAN 
Card  
ii. Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for financial year 2026 -27 obtained from the 
revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax residence  
iii. Electronic Form 41 can be obtained electronically through the e -filing portal of the income 
tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/  
Any other documents as prescribed under the IT Act for lower withholding of taxes, if applicable, 
duly attested by the shareholders .  
 
22.26  Procedure  to be followed  by Eligible  Shareholders  holding  Physical  Shares .  
In accordance with SEBI’s circular dated July 31, 2020 (circular no. SEBI/HO/  
CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144),  Equity Shareholders  holding  Equity  Shares  in physical  form  are allowed to 
tender such shares in a buyback undertaken through the tender  offer route. However, such tendering shall 
be as per the provisions of the SEBI  Buyback Regulations. The procedure is as follows:  
a) Eligible  Shareholders  who are holding  physical  Equity  Shares  and intend  to participate in the 
Buyback will be required to approach their respective Shareholder Broker along  with the complete  
set of documents  for verification  procedures  to be carried  out before  placement  of the bid. Such  
documents  will include  the (a) Tender  Form  duly signed  by all Eligible  Shareholders  (in case 
shares  are in joint names,  in the same  order  in which  they hold the shares),  (b) original  share  
certificate(s), (c) valid securities transfer form(s)/Form SH -4 duly filled and signed by the 
transferors  (i.e. by all registered Shareholders in the same order and as per the specimen  signatures 
registered with the Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate  place  authorizing  the transfer  
in favour  of the Company,  (d) self-attested  copy  of PAN  card(s)  of all Eligible  Shareholders,  
(e) any other  relevant  documents  such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including 
49 
 board resolution/  specimen signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate  or probated will, if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as applicable. In  addition, 
if the address of the Eligible Shareholder has undergone a change from  the address registered in 
the register of members of the Company, the Eligible  Shareholder would be required to submit a 
self-attested copy of address proof  consisting of any one of the following documents: valid 
Aadh aar card, voter identity  card or passport.  
b) Based  on aforesaid documents  the concerned  Shareholder Broker shall place an order/ bid on behalf 
of the Eligible Shareholders holding  Equity Shares in physical form who wish to tender Equity 
Shares in the Buyback,  using the Acquisition Window of NSE. Upon placing the bid, the 
Shareholder Broker shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible  
Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like folio number,  certificate  number,  
distinctive  number,  number  of Equity  Shares  tendered  etc. 
c) Any Shareholder Broker/Eligible Shareholder who places a bid for physical Equity  Shares,  is 
required  to deliver  the original  share  certificate(s)  and documents  (as mentioned  above)  along  
with TRS generated  by exchange  bidding  system  upon  placing of bid, either by speed post or 
courier or hand delivery to  the Registrar to the Buyback at the address mentioned at paragraph 20 
above  on or before the Buyback closing date. The envelope should be superscribed as “ Kajaria 
Ceramics Limited – Buyback  2026 ”. One copy  of the TRS will be retained  by Registrar  to the 
Buyback  and it will provide  acknowledgement  of the same to  the Shareholder Broker.  
d) The Eligible  Shareholders  holding  physical  Equity  Shares  should  note that physical  Equity Shares 
will not be accepted unless the complete set of documents are  submitted.  Acceptance  of the 
physical  Equity  Shares  for Buyback  by the Company shall be subject to verification as per the 
SEBI  Buyback Regulations and any further  directions issued in this regard. The Registrar to the 
Buyback will verify such bids  based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such 
verification, the  NSE shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. Once Registrar to 
the Buyback  confirms  the bids,  they will be treated  as ‘confirmed  bids’ and displayed on the Stock 
Exchange website.  
e) In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for  
dematerialization, such Eligible Shareholders should ensure that the process of  getting  the Equity  
Shares  dematerialized  is completed  well in time so that they can participate in the Buyback 
before the closure of the tendering period of the  Buyback.  
f) An unregistered  shareholder  holding  Equity  Shares  in physical  form  may also tender their Equity 
Shares in the Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer deed  for transfer of shares, 
purchased prior to the Record Date, in their name, along  with the offer  form,  copy  of their PAN  
card and of the person  from  whom  they have   purchased  shares  and other  relevant  documents  as 
required  for transfer,  if any. 
g) All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, otherwise the 
Equity Shares tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for rejection 
on the following grounds amongst others: (i ) If there is any other company’s equity share 
certificate(s) enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the Equity Share certificate(s) of the 
Company; (ii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are 
not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders; (iii) If the Eligible Shareholders tender Equity Shares 
but the Registrar to the Buyback does not receive the Equity Share certificate(s); (iv) In case the 
signature on the Tender Form and Form SH -4 does not match as per the spec imen signature 
recorded with Company/Registrar of the Company.  
 
22.27  Additional  requirements  in respect  of tenders  by the Non-Resident  Shareholder s: 
 
(a) While tendering their Equity Shares under the Buyback, all Eligible Shareholders being Non -
Resident  Shareholders (excluding FIIs) shall provide relevant confirmations/ declarations vide 
the duly filled -in and signed (by all shareholders in case the Equity Shares are held in joint 
names) Tender Forms (including a copy of the permission received from RBI w herever 
applicable). In the event relevant confirmations / declarations are not provided in the Tender 
50 
 Forms or there is ambiguity in the information provided, the Company reserves the right to 
reject such Tender Forms.  
 
(b) Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs should also enclose a copy of their SEBI registration 
certificate.  
 
(c) In case the Equity Shares are held on a repatriation basis, the Non -Resident Eligible 
Shareholders shall obtain and enclose a letter from the Eligible Shareholder’s authorised dealer/ 
bank confirming that at the time of acquiring the said Equity Shares, pa yment for the same was 
made by the Non -Resident shareholder from the appropriate account (e.g. , NRE a/c) as 
specified by RBI in its approval. In case the Non -Resident shareholder is not in a position to 
produce the said certificate, the Equity Shares would be deemed to have been acquired on non -
repatriation basis and in that case the Non -Resident El igible Shareholder shall submit a consent 
letter addressed to the Company, allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -
repatriation basis in respect of the valid Equity Shares Accepted in the Buyback.  
 
(d) If any of the above stated  documents, as applicable, are not enclosed along with the Tender 
Form, the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback are liable to be rejected.  
 
(e) Those shareholders who have not received the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form dispatched 
by email or by physical form, as the case may be, can send a letter to the Registrar to the 
Buyback requesting for a copy of the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form  physically or by an 
e-mail. Alternatively, the shareholders can browse to the portal at 
https:// www.in.mpms.mufg.com  and download the Letter of offer and the Tender form 
available and may also check for their entitlement by entering information like Folio no, / DP 
id and Client id, PAN, and such other credentials as may be required for validating the request 
at the porta l. 
 
A. ACCEPTANCE  OF ORDERS  
 
The Registrar  to the Buyback  shall  provide  details  of order  Acceptance  to the Clearing  Corporation  
within  specified  timelines.  
 
B. METHOD  OF SETTLEMENT  
 
Upon finalization of the basis of Acceptance as per SEBI Buyback Regulations:  
 
a) The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the 
secondary market.  
 
b) The Company will pay consideration  to the Company Broker, who will transfer the funds 
pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank account as per the prescribed 
schedule. For Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback, the Clearing Corporation will make 
direct funds payout to respective Eligible Shareholders . If the Eligible Shareholders ’ bank 
account details are not available or if the funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/Bank, due 
to reason, then  such funds will be transferred to the concerned Shareholder Broker’s settlement  
bank account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareholders .  
 
c) For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would 
be given to their respective Selling Member’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the 
respective Eligible Shareholder’s account .  
 
d) In case of certain shareholders viz. NRI, foreign clients etc. (where there are specific RBI and 
other regulatory requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through 
custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their respective st ock broker’s  settlement 
accounts for releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s account. For this 
purpose, the client type details would be collected from the depositories, whereas funds payout 
pertaining to the bids settled through custodians will be  transferred to the settlement bank 
account of the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by BSE 
and the Clearing Corporation from time to time .  
51 
  
e) The Eligible Shareholders of the Demat Shares will have to ensure that they keep the DP 
account active and unblocked  to receive credit in case of return of Demat Shares, due to 
rejection or due to non -acceptance in the Buyback .  
 
f) Details in respect of shareholder’s entitlement for tender offer process will be provided to the 
Clearing Corporation by the Company or Registrar to the Buyback. On receipt of the same on 
the settlement date, Clearing Corporation will cancel lien  on the excess or unaccepted blocked 
shares in the demat account of the shareholder. On settlement date, all blocked shares mentioned 
in the accepted bid will be transferred to the escrow account of the Company (the “ Demat 
Escrow  Account” ) provided it is indicated by the Company’s Broker or it will be transferred 
by the Company Broker to the Demat Escrow Account on receipt of the Equity Shares from the 
clearing and settlement mechanism of the BSE. If the securities transfer instruction is rejected 
in the depository system, due to any issue then such securities will be transferred to the 
Shareholder Broker’s depository pool account for onward transfer to the shareholder.  
 
g) In the case of inter depository, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted shares 
in target depository. Source depository will not be able to release the lien without a release of 
Inter Depository Tender Offer (“ IDT”) message from target depository. Further, release of IDT 
message shall be sent by target depository either based on cancellation request received from 
Clearing Corporation or automatically generated after matching with bid accepted detail as 
received fro m the Company or the Registrar to the Buyback. Post receiving the IDT message 
from target depository, source Depository will cancel/release excess or unaccepted block shares 
in the demat account of the shareholder. Post completion of tendering period and r eceiving the 
requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid quantity, source depository shall 
debit the securities as per the communication/message received from target depository to the 
extent of accepted bid shares from shareholder’s dema t account and credit it to Clearing 
Corporation settlement account in target depository on settlement date .  
 
h) In relation to the Equity Shares in physical form, if the Equity Shares in physical form tendered 
by Eligible Shareholders are not accepted, the share certificate would be returned to such 
Eligible Shareholders by speed post or courier at the Eligible Shar eholders’ sole risk. The 
Company also encourages Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form to 
dematerialize their such Equity Shares .  
 
i) Any excess or unaccepted physical Equity Shares pursuant to proportionate 
acceptance/rejection will be returned to the Shareholders directly by Registrar.  
 
j) The Equity Shares bought back in dematerialized form would be transferred directly to the 
escrow account of the Company opened for the Buyback (“ Company Demat Escrow 
Account ”) provided it is indicated by the Company’s Broker or it will be transferred by the 
Company’s Broker to the Company Demat Escrow Account on receipt of the Equity Shares 
from the clearing and settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchanges .  
 
k) Eligible Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their respective 
Shareholder Broker(s) for details of any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including 
brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the Shareholder Broker(s)  upon the selling shareholders 
for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary market transaction). The Buyback 
consideration received by the Eligible Shareholders in respect of accepted Equity Shares could 
be net of such costs, applicable taxes, cha rges and expenses (including brokerage) and the 
Manager to the Buyback and Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional 
cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) incurred solely by the Eligible Shareholders .  
 
l) The Shareholder Broker(s) would issue contract note and pay the consideration for the Equity 
Shares accepted under the Buyback. The Company’s Broker would also issue a contract note 
to the Company for the Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback .  
 
m) The lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares will be released, if any, or would be returned 
by registered post or by speed post or ordinary post or courier (in case of physical shares) at the 
52 
 Eligible Shareholders’ sole risk. Eligible Shareholders should ensure that their depository 
account is maintained till all formalities pertaining to the Buyback are completed.   
 
n) The Equity Shares accepted, bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat Escrow 
Account and the Equity Shares bought back and accepted in physical form will be extinguished 
in the manner and following the procedure prescribed in the SEBI Buyback Reg ulations .  
 
C. Special  Account  opened  with  the Clearing  Corporation  
 
The details of transfer of the Demat Shares to the special account of the Clearing Corporation under 
which the  Equity  Shares  are to be transferred  in the account  of the Clearing  Corporation  by trading 
members or  custodians shall be informed in the issue opening circular that will be issued by the BSE or 
the Clearing  Corporation.  
 
D. Rejection  Criteria  
 
The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders holding Demat Shares would be liable to be 
rejected on  the following  grounds:  
 
(i) the Equity  Shareholder  is not an Eligible  Shareholder  of the Company as  on the Record  Date;  
or 
 
(ii) in the event of non -receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents from the Eligible  
Shareholders who were holding Physical Shares as on the Record Date and have placed their 
bid in  demat  form;  or 
 
(iii) if there  is a name  mismatch in the  demat  account  of the Eligible  Shareholder  and PAN;  or 
 
(iv) where there exists any restraint order of a Court/any other competent authority for 
transfer/disposal/  sale or where  loss of share  certificates  has been  notified  to the Company  or 
where  the title to the Equity  Shares  is under dispute  or otherwise not  clear  or where any  other  
restraint  subsists.  
 
The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders holding Physical Shares would be liable to be 
rejected on  the following  grounds, if:  
 
(i) The documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or before  Closing Date by 5:00 
p.m. (IST); or 
 
(ii) If the share  certificate  of the Company is  not enclosed  with the Tender  Form;  or 
 
(iii) If there is any other company’s share certificate /invalid certificate  enclosed with the Tender 
Form instead of the share  certificate  of the Company;  or 
 
(iv) If the transfer/ transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not 
in the  name  of the Eligible Shareholders;  or 
 
(v) If the Eligible  Shareholders  bid the Equity  Shares  but the Registrar  does not receive  the 
physical  Equity  Share  certificate;  or 
 
(vi) In the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH‐4 do not match as per the specimen 
signature recorded with  Company  or Registrar  to the Buyback;  or 
 
(vii) Where there exists any restraint order of a Court/any other competent authority for 
transfer/disposal/  sale or where  loss of share  certificates  has been  notified  to the Company  or 
where  the title to the Equity  Shares  is under dispute  or otherwise not  clear  or where any  other  
restraint  subsists.  
 
53 
 (viii) If the PAN cards (self -attested) of the Shareholder and all the joint holders, are not submitted 
with the form . 
 
(ix) If the Physical Share Certificate and documents are received at  the Registrar ’s office  but the 
corresponding bid is not available in the Exchange bid file.  
 
 
23. NOTE  ON TAXATION   
 
Quote  
 
To,  
 
The Board of Directors  
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
SF-11, Second Floor, JMD Regent Plaza,  
Mehrauli, Gurgaon Road, Village Sikanderpur, Ghosi  
Gurugram - 122001  
Haryana, India  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub: Tax implications to the shareholders under the Buyback Offer made by your Company  
 
THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS IS BASED ON THE READING OF 
THE CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, 
WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICAT ION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, 
REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD 
HAVE DIFFERENT IMPLICATIONS ON THESE TAX CONSIDERATIONS.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE COMPLEXITY AND THE SUBJECTIVITY INVOLVED IN THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF A BUY BACK TRANSACTION, ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE 
REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX TREATMENT IN THEIR HANDS 
CONSIDERING THE RELEVANT TAX PROVISIONS, FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES OF THEIR 
CASE.  
 
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR 
OTHERWISE OF THIS TAX SUMMARY AND EXPLICITLY DISOWNS ANY LIABILITY ARISING 
OUT OF ANY ACTION INCLUDING A TAX POSITION TAKEN BY THE ELIGIBLE 
SHAREHOLDER BY RELYING ON THIS SUMMARY. THE SUMMA RY OF TAX 
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO BUY BACK OF EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON THE STOCK 
EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR GENERAL 
GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
1. GENERAL:  
1.1 The Indian tax year runs from April 1 to March 31. The charge of Indian income tax depends upon the 
residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. A person who is a tax resident of India is liable to 
taxation in India on his worldwide income, subjec t to certain prescribed tax exemptions provided under 
the Income Tax Act, 2025 (“ ITA”).  
1.2 A person who is treated as a non -resident for Indian tax purposes is generally liable to tax in India only 
on his/ her Indian sourced income or income received by such person in India vide Finance Act, 2026, 
certain non -resident individuals are deemed to be resident in India upon triggering of certain conditions. 
Deemed residents would be liable to pay tax in India only on their Indian sourced income or income from 
business or professional controlled in India .  
1.3 In case of shares of a Company, the source of income from shares would depend on the ‘situs’ of the 
shares. As per judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is where company is “incorporated” 
54 
 and where its shares can be transferred. Accordingly, since the Company is incorporated in India, the 
“situs” of the shares of the Company would be in India and any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer 
of such shares should be taxable in India under  the ITA subject to any specific exemption in this regard. 
Further, the non -resident can avail the beneficial tax treatment prescribed under the relevant Double Tax 
Avoidance Agreement (“ DTAA ”) as modified by the Multilateral Instrument (“ MLI ”), if the same is 
applicable to the relevant DTAA between  India and the respective country of which the said non -resident 
shareholder is tax resident subject to satisfaction of the relevant conditions including non -applicability 
of General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) and providing and maintaining necessary information and 
documents as prescribed under the ITA as well as satisfying the relevant conditions under the respective 
DTAA including anti -abuse measures under the MLI, if applicable . 
1.4 The summary of direct tax implications on buyback of equity shares listed on the stock exchanges in 
India is set out below. All references to equity shares in this memorandum refer to equity shares listed 
on the stock exchanges in India unless stated other wise. The residential status of an assessee would be 
determined in terms of Section 6 of the ITA . 
2. CLASSIFICATION OF SHAREHOLDERS  
Section 6 of the IT Act, determines the residential status of an assessee . Accordingly, shareholders can be 
classified broadly in categories as mentioned below:  
 
a. Resident Shareholders being:  
i. Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), Association of Persons (AOP) and Body of 
Individuals (BOI), Firm, LLP  
 
ii. Others (corporate bodies):  
- Company  
- Other than Company  
 
b. Deemed Resident Shareholder : an individual being a citizen of India who is not liable to tax in any other 
country or territory by reason of domicile, residence or any other criteria of similar nature and has total 
income other than foreign sourced income exceeding ₹ 15 lakh during the tax year.  
c. Non-Resident Shareholders being:  
 
i. Non-Resident Indians (NRIs)  
ii. Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
iii. Others:  
- Company  
- Other than Company  
 
3. INCOME TAX PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF BUY BACK OF SHARES LISTED ON THE 
RECOGNISED STOCK EXCHANGE  
3.1 As per Section 69 of the ITA, the difference between the cost of acquisition and the value of consideration 
so received shall be deemed to be ‘Capital Gains’ arising to such shareholder or the holder of other 
specified securities, as the case may be, in th e year in which the company purchases the shares or other 
specified securities . 
 
3.2 Thus, the gain arising from the buy back of shares shall be taxable as per the normal tax rates specified 
under section 196 (in case of short term capital gain) and section 198 (in case of long term capital gain) 
of the ITA 2025 . 
 
3.3         However, the company purchasing back its own shares or other specified securities shall not be liable  to 
additional tax under the ITA 2025.  
 
Thus, the tax implications to the following categories of shareholders are as under:  
 
a. General Investors (Retail Investors/Small Shareholders etc.)  
55 
 The gains are categorized based on how long the shares were held before the Buyback:  
 
Long term capital gains : Applies if the shares were held for more than 12 months.  
Tax rate   : 12.5%  
Exemption  : Gains upto Rs. 1.25 lakhs in a financial year are exempt.  
 
Short term capital gains : Applies if the shares were held for 12 months or less.  
Tax rate  (Listed shares)  : 20%  
Tax rate  (Unlisted shares)  : Taxed at the investor’s applicable slab rate  
 
Surcharge :  
In addition to tax payable, surcharge on tax payable as applicable will be charged extra.  
 
The aforesaid tax rates are applicable to both resident as well as non -resident shareholders 
subject to the respective DTAAs.  
 
b. Promoters  
Tax rate applicable to promoters in addition to the regular capital gain tax rate :  
 
Where Promoter is a Domestic Company  
Long term capital gain  : 9.5%  
Short term capital gain  : 2% 
 
Where Promoter is other than a Domestic Company  
Long term capital gain  : 17.5%  
Short term capital gain  : 10%  
 
Effective tax rates for promoters  
 Promoter is a Domestic Company  : 22%  
Promoter is other than a Domestic Company: 30%  
 
Surcharge  
In addition to tax payable, surcharge on tax payable as applicable will be charged extra.  
 
The aforesaid tax rates are applicable to both resident as well as non -resident shareholders 
subject to the respective DTAAs .  
 
4. TAX DEDUCTION AT SOURCE (“TDS”)  
Since there is no provision regarding the TDS in case of Buyback, Company is not required to deduct 
any tax at source on consideration payable to Resident Shareholders. In case of non -resident 
shareholders, withholding tax will be governed by provisions of  Section 393(2) of the ITA 2025 read 
with respective DTAAs.  
 
5. SECURITIES  TRANSACTION TAX  
Since the Buyback of shares shall take place through the settlement mechanism of the Stock Exchange, 
Securities Transaction Tax  will be applicable at the applicable rate .  
 
The above note on taxation sets out the provisions of law in a summary manner only and does not purport 
to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax consequences of the disposal of equity shares. This 
note is neither binding on any regulators nor can there be any assurance that they will not take a position 
contrary to the comments mentioned herein. There can be no liability on  the company if any action is taken 
by the shareholder solely based on this tax summary. Therefore, shareholders cannot solely rely on this 
advice and the summary tax implications relating to the treatment of income tax in the case of buyback of 
equity sha res listed on the stock exchange as set out above .  
 
The summary of the tax considerations as above is based on the current provisions of the tax laws of India, 
which are subject to change or modification by subsequent legislative, regulatory, administrative or judicial 
decisions.  
56 
  
In view of the specific nature of tax consequences, shareholders who are not tax residents of India are 
required to consult their tax advisors for the applicable tax and the appropriate course of action that they 
should take considering the provisions of t he relevant country or state tax law and provisions of DTAA 
where applicable.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For and on behalf of O P Bagla & Co LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm Registration No: 000018N/N500091  
 
ATUL BAGLA  
Partner  
Membership No.: 91885  
UDIN:  26091885 TERCEJ6830  
 
Place: New Delhi  
Date: 30-06-2026 
 
Unquote  
 
24. DECLARATION  BY THE  BOARD  OF DIRECTORS  
 
Declaration as required under clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI Buyback Regulations:  
 
24.1 There are no defaults subsisting in payment of debentures or dividend or repayment of any term loans to 
any financial institution or bank (including interest payable thereon), as the case may be. Further the 
Company has neither accepted any deposits nor ha s any outstanding preference shares . 
 
24.2 The Board  has confirmed  that it  has made  a full enquiry  into the affairs  and prospects  of the Company  
and has formed  an opinion , that : 
 
(i) immediately following the date of the Board resolution approving the proposed Buyback  and 
the date on which the result  of member’s  resolution passed by way of postal ballot (“Postal 
Ballot Resolution ”) was declared, approving the Buyback  there  would  be no grounds  on which 
the Company  can be  found  unable  to pay its debts;  
 
(ii) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of the Board 
Meeting approving the Buyback as well as for the year immediately following the date of Postal 
Ballot Resolution, and having regard to the Board’s intention with res pect to the management of 
Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources 
which will in the Board’s view be available to the Company during that year, the Company will 
be able to meet its liabilities as and wh en they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within 
a period of one year from the date of the Board Meeting and also from the date of Postal Ballot 
Resolution; and  
 
(iii) in forming  an opinion  as aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities including 
prospective and contingent liabilities , as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended 
from time to time, as applicable .  
 
This declaration  is made  and issued  under  the authority  of the Board  of Directors  in terms  of the resolution  
passed at the meeting  held on April 30, 2026 .  
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Name:  Chetan Kajaria   
Designation:  Vice  Chairman  
57 
 DIN:  00273928  
 
Sd/- 
Name:  Rishi Kajaria  
Designation:  Managing Director   
DIN:  00228455  
 
25. REPORT  BY THE  COMPANY’S  STATUTORY  AUDITOR  ON PERMISSIBLE  CAPITAL  PAYMENT   
 
The text of the Report dated Thursday, April 30, 2026 , of M/s Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP, the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company is reproduced below:  
 
Quote  
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on proposed buy -back of equity shares pursuant to the requirements of 
clause (xi) of the Schedule I to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018  
 
To,  
The Board of Directors  
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
J1/B1 (Extn.) Mohan Co -op Industrial Estate , (Opp. Badarpur Thermal Power Station)  
Mathura Road, New Delhi – 110044  
  
1. This report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated 24 April 2026 with 
Kajaria Ceramics Limited (the ‘Company ’). 
2. The management of the Company has prepared the accompanying Annexure A - Statement of 
permissible capital payment as on 31 March 2026 (‘the Statement’) pursuant to the proposed buy -back 
of equity shares approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in t heir meeting held on 30 April 
2026,  in accordance with the provisions of sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the 
Act’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 ( ‘the 
SEBI buy-back regulations ’). The Statement contains the computation of amount of permissible capital 
payment towards buy -back of equity shares in accordance with the requirements of section 68(2)(c) of 
the Act and based on the latest audited consolidated and standalone financial st atements for the year 
ended 31 March 2026. We have initialed  the Statement for identification purposes only.  
Management’s Responsibility for the Statement  
3. The preparation of the Statement in accordance with the requirements of section 68(2)(c) of the Act and 
ensuring compliance with the SEBI buy -back regulations, is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company, including the preparation and maintenanc e of all accounting and other relevant supporting 
records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of 
internal control relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate 
basis of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  
4. The Board of Directors is also responsible to make a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the 
Company and to form an opinion on reasonable grounds that the Company will be able to pay its debts  
from the date of Board meeting at which the proposal for buy -back was approved; and will not be 
rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board meeting at which the proposal 
for buy -back was approved by the Board of Directors of t he Company and in forming the opinion, it 
has taken into account the liabilities (including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company 
were being wound up under the provisions of the Act or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016. 
Further, a  declaration is required to be signed by at least two directors of the Company in this respect 
in accordance with the requirements of the section 68 (6) of the Act and the SEBI buy -back regulations.  
Auditor’s Responsibility  
58 
 5. Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI buy-back regulations, it is our responsibility to provide 
reasonable assurance on whether:  
a) we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026;  
b) the amount of permissible capital payment, as stated in the Statement, has been properly determined 
considering the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 in accordance with 
section 68(2)(c) of the Act;  
c) the audited financial statements, on the basis of which calculation with reference to buy -back is 
done, are not more than six months old from the date of offer document; and  
d) whether the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting dated 30 April 2026, has formed the 
opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy -back regulations, on reasonable 
grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its s tate of affairs, be rendered insolvent 
within a period of one year from the aforesaid date.   
6. The audited financial statements, referred to in paragraph 5 above, have been audited by us, on which 
we have issued unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated 30 April 2026. Our audit of these 
financial statements was conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under 
Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘ ICAI’ ). Those Standards require that we plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement. Such audit was not planned and performed in connection with any transactions 
to identify ma tters that maybe of potential interest to third parties.  
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the ‘Guidance Note on Reports or 
Certificates for Special Purposes’ (‘Guidance Note ’), issued  by the ICAI. The Guidance Note requires 
that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.  
8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 
1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and 
Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements, issu ed by the ICAI.  
9. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain sufficient appropriate 
evidence on the matters as mentioned in paragraph 5 above. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks associated with the matters mentioned in 
paragraph 5 above. We have performed the following procedures in relation t o the matters mentioned 
in paragraph 5 above:  
a) Inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 ; 
b) Examined authorization  for buy -back from the Articles of Association of the Company;  
c) Agreed the balance of the Statement of Profit and Loss, Securities Premium Account and General 
Reserve as at 31 March 2026 as disclosed in the Statement with the audited financial statements;  
d) Examined that the ratio of secured and unsecured debt owed by the Company, if any, is not more 
than twice the capital and its free reserves after such buy -back;  
e) Examined that all the shares for buy -back are fully paid -up; 
f) Examined that the amount of capital payment for the buy -back as detailed in the Statement is within 
the permissible limit computed in accordance with section 68(2)(c) of the Act;  
59 
 g) Inquired if the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 30 April 2026 has formed 
the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy-back regulations, on reasonable 
grounds and that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent 
within a period of one year from the aforesaid date of the board meeting;  
h) Examined the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors;  
i) Examined Director’s declarations for the purpose of buy -back and solvency of the Company;  
j) Verified arithmetical accuracy of the Statement; and  
k) Obtained appropriate representations from the management of the Company.  
Opinion  
10. Based on our examination as above and the information, explanations and representations provided to 
us by the management, in our opinion:  
a) we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March  2026.  
b) the amount of the permissible capital payment towards the proposed buy -back of equity shares as 
computed in the accompanying Statement, is properly determined in accordance with the requirements 
of section 68(2)(c) of the Act based on the audited financial  statements for the year ended 31 March 
2026;  
c) the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, on the basis of which calculation with 
reference to buy -back is done, are not more than six months old from the date of offer document; and  
d) the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 30 April 2026 has formed opinion as 
specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy -back regulations, on reasonable grounds and that 
the Company, having regard to its state of affairs, wil l not be rendered insolvent within a period of one 
year from the aforesaid date.  
Restriction on Distribution or Use  
11. Our work was performed solely to assist you in meeting your responsibilities in relation to your 
compliance with the provisions of section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the SEBI 
buy-back regulations, pursuant to the proposed buy -back of  equity shares. Our obligations in respect of 
this report are entirely separate from, and our responsibility and liability is  in no way changed by, any 
other role we may have had as auditors of the Company or otherwise. Nothing in this report, nor 
anything said or done in the course of or in connection with the services that are the subject of this 
report, will extend any duty o f care we may have in our capacity as auditors of the Company.  
12. This report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company solely for the purpose 
of enabling it to comply with the aforesaid requirements and to include this report, pursuant to the 
requirements of the SEBI buy -back regulations, (a)  in the public announcement to be made to the 
shareholders of the Company, (b) in the draft letter of offer and the letter of offer to be filed with the 
Registrar of Companies, Securities and Exchange Board of India, National Stock Exchange and BSE 
Limited , as required by the SEBI buy -back regulations, the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, 
National Securities Depository Limited and (iii) for providing to the manager(s) to the buy -back, each 
for the purpose of extinguishment of equity shares. Acco rdingly, this report may not be suitable for any 
other purpose, and therefore, should not be used, referred to or distributed for any other purpose or to 
any other party without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability 
or any duty of care for any other purpose for which or to any oth er person to whom this report is shown 
or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.  
60 
 For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013  
 
 
Manish Agrawal  
Partner  
Membership No. 507000  
UDIN: 26507000GNSOND4831  
 
Place:  New Delhi  
Date: 30 April 2026  
 
ANNEXURE A  
 
Statement of permissible capital payment as on 31 March, 2026 ( “the Statement”)  
 
Statement of determination of the permissible capital payment towards Buy -back of Equity Shares (“the 
Statement”) in accordance with Section 68 (2) of the companies Act, 2013 and Regulations 4 and 5 of the 
Buy-back Regulatio n 
 (Amount in ₹ crores ) 
Particulars as on 31 March 2026  Consolidated  Standalone  
A. Paid -up Equity Share Capital  
(15,92,72,290 Equity Shares of ₹ 1 each fully paid up)  15.93  15.93  
B. Free Reserves*    
Surplus in statements of profit and loss  2,483.10  2,366.05  
General reserve  322.58  322.57  
Securities premium account  184.56  184.56  
Total Free Reserves  2,990.24  2873.18  
Total of Paid -up Equity Share Capital and Free Reserves 
(A+B)  3,006.17  2,889.11  
Maximum amount permissible for buyback under Section 
68(2)(c) of the Act and Regulation 4(i) of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations (25% of the total paid -up Equity Capital and 
free reserves)  751.54  722.28  
Buyback amount approved by the Board of Directors as 
per resolution dated 30 April 2026  Amount not exceeding ₹ 296.70 crore  
*Free reserves as defined in Section 2(43) of the Companies Act, 2013 read along with Explanation II provided in Section 68 of  the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended.  
Note 1: The above calculation of the total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves as at 31 March 2026 for buyback of equity shares 
is based on the amounts appearing in the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended 31 March 2026. These financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with the accounting principles gener ally 
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the C ompanies Act, 2013 read with 
Rules made thereunder, each as amended from time to time.  
Note 2: The aforesaid Statement has been prepared in connection with the proposed buy -back of upto 21.50 la khs equity shares at a price 
of ₹ 1,380/ - per share aggregating upto ₹ 296.70 Crores. The shares proposed for buy -back have been determined inaccordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including Section 68 and Regulation 4 to the Buyback Regulations.  
Note 3: The Board of Directors have in their meeting dated 30 April 2026, formed opinion that the Company, having regard to i ts state of 
affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the aforesaid date . 
 
For and on behalf of   
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
     
Sanjeev Agarwal        
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Place:  New Delhi  
Date:  30 April 2026  
 
Unquote  
 
61 
 26. DOCUMENTS  FOR  INSPECTION  
 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the registered office of the Company 
at SF-11, Second Floor, JMD Regent Plaza, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Village Sikanderpur Ghosi, 
Gurugram, Haryana, 122001  between 10: 00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (IST) on all working days, except Saturday, 
Sunday and public  holidays  and on the website of the Company www. kajariaceramics .com , during the 
Tendering Period : 
 
1. Copy  of the certificate of incorporation ; 
2. Memorandum  and Articles  of Association of  the Company;  
3. Copies of annual reports of the Company for the financial years ended 2023, 2024 and 2025  and the 
audit ed standalone and consolidated financial results for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 ; 
4. Copy  of the resolution  passed  by the Board  of Directors  at the meeting  held on April 30, 2026 , 
approving  the proposal for Buyback;  
5. Copy of Shareholders resolution passed by the way of postal ballot notice and the results of which  were 
declared on June 23, 2026 ;  
6. Copy of report dated Thursday, April 30, 2026 , of M/s Walker Chandiok & Co. LLP, the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company , in terms  of clause (xi)  of Schedule  I of the SEBI  Buyback  Regulations;  
7. Copy of declaration of solvency and an affidavit verifying the same in Form SH -9, as prescribed under  
Section 68(6) of  the Companies  Act; 
8. Copy of the Escrow Agreement dated  June 25, 2026  amongst the Company, the Escrow Agent  and the 
Manager to the Buyback ; 
9. Certificate  from  O P Bagla & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants certifying  that the Company  has 
adequate  funds  for undertaking  the Buyback  dated April 30, 2026 ; 
10. Copy of Public Announcement for Buyback dated Wednesday, June 2 4, 2026 , published in newspapers 
on Thursday, June 25, 2026,  regarding  Buyback  of the Equity Shares;  
11. Opinion dated  June 30, 2026  obtained  by the Company from  O P Bagla & Co LLP , on taxation . 
 
27. DETAILS  OF COMPLIANCE  OFFICER  
 
The Company has appointed Mr. Vinit Kumar , General Counsel & Company Secretary as the compliance 
officer for the purpose of the Buyback  (“Compliance  Officer ”). Investors may contact the Compliance 
Officer for any clarification or  to address their grievances, if any, on working day between 10:00 a.m. to 
5:00 p.m. (IST) except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays : 
 
Details of the Compliance Officer :  
 
Name:  Mr. Vinit Kumar  
Designation:  
FCS No:  
CIN:  General Counsel & Company Secretary  
6789  
L26924HR1985PLC056150  
Address:  J-1/B-1 (Ext n.),  
Mohan Co -operative Industrial Estate,  
Mathura Road, New Delhi  - 110044  
Tel no.:  +91-11-26946409  
Email:  investors @kajariaceramics.com  
Website:  www.kajariaceramics.com  
 
28. DETAILS  OF THE  REMEDIES  AVAILABLE  TO THE  SHAREHOLDERS/  BENEFICIAL  
OWNERS  
 
(a) In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (including non -receipt of the Buyback 
consideration, share certificate, demat credit, etc.), the Eligible Shareholders can approach the 
Compliance Officer and/or Manager to the Buyback and/or Registrar to the Buyback for redressal . 
62 
  
(b) If the Company makes any default in complying with Sections 68, 69, 70 , 108, 110  of the 
Companies Act including the rules made thereunder, the Company or any officer of the Company 
who is in default shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term and its limit, or with a fine and 
its limit or with both in terms of the Companies Act, as applicable.  
 
(c) The address of the office of the  concerned  RoC is as follows : 
 
Registrar of Companies, Haryana  
Corporate Bhawan, Plot No. 4-B,  
Sector 27 -B, Chandigarh - 160019, India  
 
29. DETAILS  OF THE  INVESTOR  SERVICE  CENTRE  AND  REGISTRAR  TO THE  BUYBACK  
 
In case of any query, the shareholders may also contact  MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly 
Link Intime India Private Limited) , the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company, appointed  as 
the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, on any day except Saturday and Sunday and 
public holiday between 10:00  a.m. to 5: 00 p.m. (IST) at the following address:  
 
 
MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  (FORMERLY LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED)  
Address:  C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, 
(Maharashtra), India  
Tel No .: +91 - 8108114949  
Contact Person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
Email: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance Id: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058  
Validity Period: Permanent   
CIN:  U67190MH1999PTC118368  
 
30. DETAILS  OF THE MANAGER  TO THE  BUYBACK  
  
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
Address: 801-804, Wing A, Building No. 3, Inspire BKC,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai - 400 051  
Website: www.nuvama.com  
CIN: L67110MH1993PLC344634  
Tel. No.: +91 - 22 - 40094400   
Contact person: Ms. Neetu Ranka/ Mr. Lokesh Shah  
Email:  kajariaceramics@nuvama.com  
SEBI Registration no: INM000013004  
Validity:  Permanent  
 
31. DECLARATION  BY THE  DIRECTORS  REGARDING  AUTHENTICITY  OF THE  
INFORMATION  IN THIS  LETTER  OF OFFER  
 
In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors accepts 
responsibility for all the information contained in this Letter of Offer and confirms that it contains true, 
factual and material information and does not contain any misleading information. This Letter o f Offer is 
issued under the authority of the Board and in terms of the resolution passed by the Buyback Committee  
on June 30, 2026 .  
 
 

63 
  
FOR  AND  ON BEHALF  OF THE  BOARD  OF DIRECTORS  OF KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED  
 
Sd/- 
 
Name:  Chetan Kajaria  
Designation : Vice  Chairman  
DIN: 00273928  
Date:  June 30, 2026  
Place: Singapore  
 
Sd/- 
 
Name:  Rishi Kajaria  
Designation: Managing Director  
DIN: 00228455  
Date: June 30, 2026  
Place: USA  
Sd/- 
 
Name: Vinit Kumar  
Designation : General Counsel & Company Secretary  
Membership N o.: FCS 6789  
Date:  June 30, 2026   
Place: New Delhi  
 
 
 
64 
 32. TENDER FORMS  FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS   
 
FORM  OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR  ELIGIBLE  SHAREHOLDERS  HOLDING  EQUITY  SHARES  IN DEMATERIALIZED  FORM)  
 
Bid Number:  
Date:  
  
BUYBACK  OPENS  ON Friday, July 03, 2026  
BUYBACK  CLOSES  ON Thursday, July 09, 2026  
For Registrar / Collection Centre  use 
Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
   
   
Status  (please  tick appropriate  box) 
 Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance  Co 
 Foreign  Co.  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body  
Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
 VCF   Partnership/LLP   Others  (Specify)  
 Mutual Fund      
India  Tax Residency  Status:  Please  tick appropriate  box 
  
 
Resident  in 
India    
Non-Resident  in 
India   Resident  of 
 
 
(Shareholder to fill country  of 
residence)  
Route  of Investment  (For  NR Shareholders  only)  
 Portfolio  Investment  
Scheme   Foreign  Investment  Scheme  
 
To, 
The Board of Directors  
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
C/o MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel: +91- 8108114949   
 
Dear  Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated  June 30, 2026 , in relation to the buyback of  upto  21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs 
and Fifty Thousand only)  Equity Shares of Kajaria Ceramics Limited (hereinafter referred as “the 
Company”) at a price of Rs. 1,380 /- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty  only)  per Equity  
Share  (“Buyback  Offer Price”) payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
 
1. I / We (having  read and understood  the Letter  of Offer  dated  June 30, 2026 , issued  by the  Company)  
hereby  tender  / offer my  / our Equity  Shares  in response  to the Buyback  on the terms  and conditions  set 
out below  and in the Letter of  Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue 
instruction(s) to the Registrar  to the Buyback  to extinguish  the Equity  Shares.  
3. I / We hereby affirm that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by 
me / us free from all liens,  equitable interest, charges  and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare  that there  are no restraints  / injunctions  or other  order(s)  / covenants  of any nature  which  
limits  / restricts  in any manner  my / our right  to tender  Equity  Shares  for Buyback  and that I / we am / 
are legally  entitled to  tender  the Equity  Shares  for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Seller Member as 
per secondary market mechanism.  
6. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Offer Price only after due verification of the validity 
of documents and that the  consideration  will be paid as per the secondary  market  mechanism.  
7. The Eligible  Shareholders  will have  to ensure  that they keep  the DP Account  active  and unblocked.  
Further,  Eligible  Shareholders  will have  to ensure  that they keep the bank account attached with the DP 
65 
 account active and updated to receive credit remittance due to acceptance of  Buyback  of Equity Shares  
by the  Company.  
8. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder 
as per the provisions of  Buyback  Regulations  and circulars  issued  by SEBI.  
9. I / We agree  to return  to the  Company  any Buyback  consideration that  may be wrongfully  received  by 
me / us. 
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required 
or expedient to give effect  to my/our tender/offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken 
by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance  with the Companies Act, and the rules made 
thereunder and SEBI Buyback Regulations  as amended and  the extant  applicable  foreign  exchange  
regulations.  
11. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required 
or expedient to give effect  to my / our tender / offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken 
by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance  with the Companies  Act, SEBI Buyback  
Regulations  and any other  applicable  laws.  
12. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is 
on me/us. I / We agree to  compute  gains  on this transaction  and immediately  pay applicable  taxes  in India  
and file tax return  in consultation  with our custodians/  authorized  dealers  / tax advisors  appropriately.  
13. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of 
gains arising to me / us on  Buyback of Equity Shares. I / We also undertake to provide the Company, 
the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxability of  the proceeds arising on Buyback of 
Equity Shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever  
called  for. 
14. Non-Resident Shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs, FPI, Foreign Nationals and FIIs) are requested to 
enclose a consent letter indicating  the details of transfer i.e., number of Equity Shares to be transferred, 
the name of the investee company whose Equity Shares are being  transferred  i.e., “Kajaria Ceramics 
Limited”  and the price  at which  the Equity  Shares  are being  transferred  i.e., “Price  determined  in 
accordance with the SEBI Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the Shareholder or his  / its duly 
appointed agent and in the latter case, also enclose the  power  of attorney.  
 
15. Details  of Equity  Shares  held and tendered  / offered  for Buyback:  
 
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number  of Equity  Shares  held as on Record  Date 
(Monday , June 29 , 202 6)   
Number  of Equity  Shares  Entitled  for Buyback  
(Buyback  Entitlement)    
Number  of Equity  Shares  offered  for Buyback  
(Including  Additional Equity  Shares,  
if any)   
Note : An Eligible  Shareholder  may tender  Equity  Shares  over and above  his / her Buyback  Entitlement.  Number  of 
Equity  Shares  validly  tendered  by any Eligible  Shareholder  up to the Buyback  Entitlement  of such Eligible  
Shareholder  shall  be accepted  to the full extent.  The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and 
above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be  accepted in accordance with paragraph 22 
(Procedure for Tender Offer and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares  tendered by any Eligible 
Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record  Date  
shall  not be considered  for the purpose  of Acceptance.  
 
16. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked Equity Shares 
in the demat account of the Equity  Shareholder.  
 
17. Details  of Account  with Depository  Participant  (DP):  
Name  of the Depository  (tick whichever  is 
applicable)   NSDL   CDSL  
Name  of the Depository  Participant   
DP ID No.  
Client  ID No. with the DP  
 
18. Equity  Shareholders  Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole  Holder  Joint  Holder 1  Joint  Holder 2  Joint  Holder 3  
66 
 Full Name(s)  Of 
the Shareh older      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address  of the 
Sole/First  
Equity  Shareholder   
Telephone No. of 
Sole/First  Equity  
Shareholder   Email ID of  
Sole/First  
Equity  
Shareholder   
* Non-individual  Shareholders  must  affix rubber  stamp  and sign under  valid  authority.  The relevant  authorization  should  be 
enclosed  with the application form submitted.  
 
19. Applicable  for all Non-Resident  Shareholders  only:  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback in 
accordance with prevailing income tax laws in India. I / We also undertake to indemnify the 
Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback  of Equity 
Shares by me / us . 
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if 
any, and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the 
Reserve Bank of India  (“RBI”) under Foreign Exchange  Management  Act, 1999, as amended 
(“FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the 
Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under the 
FEMA and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittan ce of funds outside 
India.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS  
 
This  Tender  Form  has to be read  along  with  the Letter  of Offer  and is subject  to the terms  and conditions  
mentioned  in the Letter  of Offer  and this Tender Form  
 
1. This Buyback  will open  on Friday, July 03, 2026 , and close  on Thursday , July 09 , 202 6. 
2. In case of Eligible Shareholders holding and tendering Equity Shares in demat form, submission of 
Tender Form and TRS is not required . Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in 
the dematerialized form under the Buyback would have to do so through their respective Seller Member 
by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback  Offer.  Please note 
additionally for non-resident shareholders (except FPIs) are required to submit this duly filled Tender 
form, and self -declaration forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with the relevant documents for 
tax related purposes as mentioned in paragraph 22.25 (k)  of the Letter of Offer to the Registrar. The 
documents should reach before the close of business hours to the Registrar (on or before July 09, 2026  
by 5:00 PM IST).  
3. In case any registered  entity  that has merged  with another  entity  and the merger  has been  approved  and 
has come  into effect  but the process  of getting  the successor  company  as the registered  Shareholder  is still 
incomplete,  then such entity  along  with the Tender  Form  should  file a copy  of the following  documents:  
(i) Approval  from  the appropriate  authority  for such merger;  (ii) The scheme  of merger;  and (iii) The 
requisite  form  filed with MCA intimating  the merger.  
4. The Buyback shall be rejected in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form and other 
documents, but non - receipt  of Equity Shares  in the special  account  of the Clearing  Corporation  
or a non-receipt  of valid  bid in the exchange  bidding  system.  
5. The Equity Shares  in the Offer  would  be liable  to be rejected  if (i) the tenderer  is not an Eligible  
Shareholder  of the Company  as on the Record  Date (ii) if there is a name and PAN mismatch in the 
demat account of the Eligible Shareholder (iii) in the event of non -receipt of the  completed Tender Form 
and other documents from the Eligible Shareholders who were holding Equity Shares in physical form 
as on the  Record  Date  and have  placed  their bid in dematerialized  form.  
6. The Eligible  Shareholders  will have  to ensure  that they keep  the DP Account  active  and unblocked  to 
receive  credit  in case of return  of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated Buyback  as may be 
decided  by the Company  / Registrar  to the Buyback,  in accordance  with the SEBI Buyback  Regulations.  
67 
 7. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their 
Entitlement in whole or in part or in  excess  of their Entitlement, but  not exceeding their  holding  as on 
Record  Date.  
8. For the procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback, please refer to 
paragraph 22  (Procedure for  Tender Offer  and Settlement)  of the Letter  of Offer.  
9. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised 
to safeguard adequately their  interests  in this regard.  
10. By agreeing  to participate  in the Buyback,  each Eligible  Shareholder  (including  the Non-Resident  
Shareholder)  undertakes  to complete  all relevant regulatory / statutory filings and compliances to be 
made by it under applicable law. Further, by agreeing to participate in  the Buyback, each Eligible 
Shareholder hereby (a) authorises  the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required,  
and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, for making any regulatory / statutory filings and 
compliances on behalf of such  Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the 
Company for making any such regulatory / statutory filings  and compliances.  
11. Non-Resident Shareholders must obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent 
required from the concerned  authorities  including  approvals  from  the RBI under  FEMA  and the rules  and 
regulations  framed  there  under,  for tendering  Equity  Shares  in the Buyback, and also undertake to 
comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA and any other rules,  regulations  
and guidelines, in  regard  to remittance  of funds  outside  India.  
12. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate 
in the Buyback by providing  their application in plain paper in writing signed by all Eligible 
Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the  Eligible Shareholder(s), number 
of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP Name, DP ID, beneficiary account  
number  and number  of Equity  Shares  tendered for  the Buyback.  
13. Eligible Sellers have to fill up the EVENT number issued by Depositary in the column for settlement 
details along with the market type  as “Buyback”, ISIN, Quantity of Equity Shares and CM BP ID of 
broker and execution date in the Delivery Instruction Slips (DIS) so that Equity  Shares  can be tendered  
for Buyback  Offer  
14. For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form, the Tender Form and TRS 
are not required to be submitted to the Company, Manager to the Buyback or the Registrar. After 
the receipt of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form by the Clearing Corporation and  a valid  
bid in the exchange  bidding  system,  the Buyback  shall  be deemed  to have  been  accepted  for the 
Eligible  Shareholders  holding  Equity  Shares in dematerialized form.  
All capitalised  items  not defined  herein  shall  have the  meaning  ascribed  to them  in the Letter  of Offer.  
 
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD 
BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK   AT THE FOLLOWING  ADDRESS  
QUOTING YOUR  CLIENT  ID AND  DP ID:  
 
Investor Service Centre:  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
Address : C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel No .: +91 8108114949  
Contact Person : Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishna n  
Email : kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance ID : kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com   
SEBI Registration No .: INR000004058  
Validity Period : Permanent  
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368  
 
……………………………………….Tear  along  this line……………………………………  
 
 
68 
 ACKNOWLEDG EMENT  SLIP:  KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED – BUYBACK 2026  
(To be filled  by the Eligible  Shareholder)  (Subject  to verification)  
 
 
DP ID  Client  ID  
Received  from  Mr./Ms./Mrs.   
Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement,  Original  TRS  along  with:  
No. of Equity  Shares  offered  for Buyback 
(In Figures)   (in 
words)   
Please  quote  Client  ID No. & DP  ID No. for all future  
correspondence  Stamp  of Stock  Broker  
 
[Remainder of the page intentionally left blank]  
 
69 
 FORM  OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  (FOR  ELIGIBLE  SHAREHOLDERS  
HOLDING  EQUITY  SHARES  IN PHYSICAL  FORM)  
 
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are requested to refer to paragraph 22.26 of the 
Letter of Offer titled  “Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Physical Shares” , for details 
regarding permissibility of  acceptance of Equity Shares held in physical form and for details regarding the 
procedure for tendering, before submitting the Tender  Form and  Securities  Transfer  Form  with respect  to Equity  
Shares  held in  physical  form.  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK  OPENS  ON Friday , July 03 , 202 6 
Date:  BUYBACK  CLOSES  ON Thursday , July 09 , 202 6 
 For Registrar  use 
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
    
    
 Status  (please  tick appropriate  box) 
  Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance  Co 
  Foreign  Co  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
  Body  Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
  VCF   Partnership/LLP   Others  (Specify)  
  Mutual Fund      
 India  Tax Residency  Status:  Please  tick appropriate  box 
   
 
Resident  in India    
Non-Resident  in 
India   Resident  of 
 
 
(Shareholder  to fill 
country  of 
residence)  
   
Route  of Investment  (For  NR Shareholders  only)  
  Portfolio  Investment  Scheme   Foreign  Investment  Scheme  
 
To, 
The Board of Directors  
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
C/o MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel: +91 - 8108114949   
 
Dear  Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated  June 30, 2026 , in relation to the buyback of upto  21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs 
and Fifty Thousand only)  Equity Shares of Kajaria Ceramics Limited (hereinafter referred as “the 
Company”) at a price of Rs 1,380 /- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty  only)  per Equity  
Share  (“Buyback  Offer Price”) payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
 
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated June 30, 2026 , issued by the Company) 
hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares  in response  to the Buyback  on the terms  and conditions  set 
out below  and in  the Letter of  Offer.  
2. I / We authorize  the Company  to Buyback  the Equity  Shares  offered  (as mentioned  above)  and to issue  
instruction(s)  to the Registrar  to the Buyback  to extinguish  the Equity  Shares.  
3. I / We hereby  affirm  that the Equity  Shares  comprised  in this Tender  Offer  are offered  for Buyback  
by me / us free from  all liens,  equitable interest, charges  and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare  that there  are no restraints  / injunctions  or other  covenants  of any nature  which  limits  / 
restricts  in any manner  my / our right  to tender  Equity  Shares  for Buyback  and that I / we am / are legally  
entitled to  tender  the Equity  Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree  that the consideration  for the accepted  Equity  Shares  will be paid to the Eligible  
Shareholder  as per the provisions  of Buyback  Regulations  and circulars  issued  by SEBI.  
6. I / We agree  that the Company  is not obliged  to accept  any Equity  Shares  offered  for Buyback  where  
loss of share  certificates  has been  notified  to the Company.  
70 
 7. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Seller Member as 
per secondary market mechanism.  
8. I / We agree  that the Company  will pay the Buyback  Offer  Price  only after due verification  of the 
validity  of the documents  and that the consideration  will be paid as per secondary  market  mechanism  
to first named  Eligible  Shareholder.  
9. I / We agree  to return  to the  Company  any Buyback consideration  that may be wrongfully  received  by 
me / us. 
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give such further assurances that may be required 
or expedient to give effect  to my/our tender/ offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken 
by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance  with the Companies  Act, Buyback  Regulations  
and any other  applicable  laws.  
11. I / We acknowledge  that the responsibility  to discharge  the tax due on any gains  arising  on Buyback  is on 
me/us.  I / We agree  to compute  gains  on this transaction  and immediately  pay applicable  taxes  in India  
and file tax return  in consultation  with our custodians/  authorized  dealers/  tax advisors  appropriately  
12. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of 
gains arising to me / us on  Buyback  of Equity Shares.  I / We also undertake  to provide  the Company,  the 
relevant  details  in respect  of the taxability  / non-taxability  of the proceeds arising on Buyback of Equity 
Shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called  
for. 
13. Details  of Equity  Shares held  and tendered  / offered  for Buyback:  
 
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number  of Equity  Shares  held as on 
Record  Date   
(Monday, June 29, 2026 )   
Number  of Equity  Shares  Entitled  for 
Buyback  
(Buyback  Entitlement)    
Number  of Equity  Shares  offered  for 
Buyback  
(including  Additional  Equity Shares,  if 
any)   
 
 
Note: An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. 
Number of Equity Shares validly  tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement 
of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The  Equity  Shares  tendered  by any 
Eligible  Shareholder  over and above  the Buyback  Entitlement  of such Eligible  Shareholder  shall  be 
accepted  in accordance  with paragraph  22 (Procedure  for Tender Offer  and Settlement)  of the Letter  of 
Offer.  Equity  Shares  tendered  by any Eligible  Shareholder  over and above  the number  of Equity  Shares  
held by such Eligible  Shareholder  as on the Record  Date  shall  not be considered  for the purpose  of 
Acceptance.  
 
14. Details  of Share  Certificate(s)  enclosed:  Total  No. of Share  Certificates  Submitted:  
 
Sr. No.  Folio  No. Share  Certificate  
No. Distinctive  No(s)  
 No. of 
Shares  
   From  To  
      
      
      
Total   
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 3 nos., please attach a separate sheet 
giving details in the same format  as above  
 
15. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the 
consideration warrant (to be mandatorily  filled):  
Name  of the Bank  Branch  and 
City IFSC and  MICR  
Code  Account  Number  (indicate  type 
of account)  
    
 
16. Details  of other  Documents  (Please  √ as appropriate,  if applicable)  enclosed:  
71 
  Power  of Attorney  – 
Kajaria  Ceramics 
Limited   Previous  RBI approvals  for acquiring  the Equity  Shares  hereby  
tendered  in the Buyback  
 Death  Certificate   Succession  Certificate  
 Self-attested  copy  
of PAN   Corporate  authorisations  
   Others  (please  specify)  
 
17. Equity  Shareholders  Details:  
 
Sr. No.  Folio  No. Share  Certificate  
No. Distinctive  No(s)  No. of Shares  
Full Name(s)  Of the 
Shareholder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address  of the Sole/First  
Equity  Shareholder   
Telephone  No. of 
Sole/First  Equity  
Shareholder   Email  ID of 
Sole/First  
Equity  
Shareholder   
* Non-individual  Shareholders  must  affix rubber  stamp  and signature . The relevant  authorisation  should  
be enclosed  with the application  form  submitted.  
 
18. Applicable  for all Non-Resident  Shareholders  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback and 
taxable in accordance with prevailing  income  tax laws in India  within  7th day of the succeeding  
months  in which  the Equity Shares  are bought  back  by the Company.  I / We also undertake  to 
indemnify  the Company  against  any income  tax liability  on any income  earned  on such 
Buyback  of Equity Shares  by me / us. 
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, 
if any, and to the extent required  from the concerned authorities including approvals from the 
Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management  Act, 1999, as amended 
(the “FEMA” ) and the rules and regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares 
in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, 
under the FEMA Regulations and any  other  rules, regulations  and guidelines, in  regard  to 
remittance  of funds  outside  India.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS  
 
This  Tender  Form  has to be read  along  with  the Letter  of Offer  and is subject  to the terms  and conditions  
mentioned  in the Letter  of Offer  and this Tender Form  
 
1. This Buyback  will open  on Friday, July 03, 2026  and close  on Thursday, July 09, 2026.   
2. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this Buyback Offer should 
submit the following documents  to their Seller  Member,  who in turn would  deliver  the said documents  
along  with the TRS to the Registrar;  the documents  should  be sent to the Registrar  only after the placement  
of a valid  bid; non-submission  of the below  mentioned  documents  directly to the Registrar shall result in 
the rejection of the tendered Equity Shares: (i) The Tender Form duly signed (by all Equity  Shareholders  
in case Equity Shares  are in joint names  in the same  order  in which  they hold the Equity Shares).  (ii) 
Original  share  certificates  (iii) Valid securities  transfer form(s) (SH -4) duly filled and signed by the 
transferors (i.e., by all registered Shareholders in same order and as per the  specimen signatures 
registered with the Company / Registrar) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the 
transfer in  favor of the Company (iv) Self -attested copy of the Permanent Account Number (PAN) Card 
(by all Eligible Shareholders in case Equity Shares  are in joint names)  (v) all non -resident shareholders 
(except FPIs) to deliver self -declaration forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with all relevant 
documents for tax related purposes as mentioned in paragraph 22.25(k) of the Letter of Offer  (vi) Any 
other relevant documents such as (but not limited to): Duly attested Power of Attorney if any person 
other  than the Equity Shareholder has signed the relevant Tender Form, Notarized copy of death 
certificate and succession certificate or  probated  will, as applicable,  if the original  Shareholder  has 
72 
 deceased,  necessary  corporate  authorisations,  such as Board  Resolutions  etc., in case of companies.  (vii) 
In addition  to the above,  if the address  of the Shareholder  has undergone  a change  from  the address  
registered  in the Register  of Members  of the Company,  the Shareholder  would  be required  to submit  a 
self-attested  copy  of address  proof  consisting  of any one of the following documents:  valid  Aadh aar 
Card, Voter  Identity  Card  or Passport.  
3. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and 
has come into effect but the  process of getting the successor company as the registered Shareholder is 
still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form  file a copy of the following documents: (i) 
Approval from the appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger and (iii)  the requisite  
form  filed with MCA intimating the  merger.  
4. Eligible Shareholders  whom the Buyback Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of 
their Entitlement in whole or in  part or in excess  of their Entitlement, but  not exceeding  the number  of 
Equity Shares  held by them  as on Record  Date.  
5. All documents / remittances sent by or to Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk and the Eligible 
Shareholders are advised to  adequately  safeguard  their interests  in this regard.  
6. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate 
in the Offer by providing their  application in plain paper in writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders 
(in case of joint holding), stating name, address, folio number,  number of Equity Shares held, Equity 
Share certificate number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive  numbers  
thereof,  enclosing  the original  Equity  Share  certificate(s),  copy  of Eligible  Shareholder’s  PAN  card(s)  
and executed  share  transfer  form in favour of the Company. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that the 
Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite documents,  reach  the Registrar  to the Buyback  on or 
before  the Buyback  Closing Date, i.e.,  July 09, 2026  by 5:00 pm (IST).  
7. For procedure followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer, 
please refer to paragraph 22 ( Procedure for  Tender Offer  and Settlement)  of the Letter  of Offer.  
8. All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form otherwise the Equity 
Shares will be liable for rejection. The  Equity Shares  shall  be liable  for rejection  on the following  grounds  
amongst  others:  (a) If any other  company  share  certificates  are enclosed  with the Tender Form instead of 
the share certificate of the Company; (b) Non -submission of Notarized copy of death certificate and  
succession certificate / probated / Will, as applicable in case any Eligible Shareholder has deceased. (c) 
If the Eligible Shareholder(s) bid  the Equity Shares  but the Registrar  does not receive  the physical  share  
certificate; or  (d) In case the signature  in the Tender  Form  and Form  SH- 4 doesn’t  match  as per the 
specimen  signature  recorded  with Company  / Registrar.  (e) If necessary  corporate  authorizations  under  
official  stamp are not accompanied with Tender Form (f) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not 
completed, and the Equity Shares are not in  the name  of the Eligible  Shareholders (g)  the Form  SH-4 is 
not witnessed  
9. The Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback shall be rejected if (i) the Shareholder is not a Eligible 
Shareholder of the Company on the  Record Date; or (ii) if there is a name mismatch in the share 
certificate of the Shareholder; or (iii) where there exists any restraint order  of a Court/ any other 
competent authority for transfer / disposal/ sale; or (iv) or where the title to the Equity Shares is under 
dispute or  otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists; or (v) the documents mentioned in 
the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders  holding  Equity  Shares  in physical  form are  not received  by 
the Registrar  on or before  the close  of business  hours  of July 09, 2026  by 5:00 pm (IST).  
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including each Non -Resident 
Shareholder) undertakes to complete  all relevant regulatory / statutory filings and compliances to be 
made by it under applicable law. Further, by agreeing to participate in  the Buyback,  each Eligible  
Shareholder  hereby  (a) authorises  the Company  to take all necessary  action,  solely  to the extent  required,  
and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, for making any regulatory / statutory filings and 
compliances on behalf of such  Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the 
Company for making any such regulatory / statutory filings  and compliances.  
11. Non-Resident Shareholders must obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent 
required from the concerned  authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) 
under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended  (“FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations 
framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply  with the 
reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, 
in regard to remittance  of funds  outside  India.  
 
All capitalised  items  not defined  herein  shall  have  the meaning  ascribed  to them  in the Letter  of Offer.  
 
73 
 ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD 
BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK   AT THIS  ADDRESS:  
 
Investor Service Centre:  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  (Formerly  Link Intime India Private Limited)  
Address : C-101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L . B. S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400083, (Maharashtra), 
India  
Tel No .: +91 - 8108114949  
Contact Person : Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishna n 
Email : kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance I D: kajariaceramics.buyback2026@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com   
SEBI Registration No .: INR000004058  
Validity Period : Permanent  
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368  
 
………………………………………Tear  along  this line……………………………………  
 
ACKNOWLEDG EMENT  SLIP:  KAJARIA CERAMICS  LIMITED – BUYBACK  2026  
(To be filled  by the Equity  Shareholder)  (Subject  to verification)  
Folio  No.  
Received  from  Mr./  Ms./Mrs.   
Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement,  Original  TRS  along  with:  
No. of Equity  Shares  offered  for Buyback  (In 
figures)   (in words)   
Please  quote  Folio  No. for all future  correspondence  Stamp  of Broker  
 
 
74 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital 
and Debentures) Rules , 2014  
Date of execution: _______/__________/_________  
FOR THE CONSIDERATION stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named 
the securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and 
the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept a nd hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
C I N :    L 2 6 9 2 4 H R 1 9 8 5 P L C 0 5 6 1 5 0 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES  
 
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received ( Rs) 
In Figures  In words  In words  In Figures  
Distinctive Number  From       
To      
Corresponding 
Certificate Nos.        
 
                                   Transferor’s Particulars  
Registered Folio Number   
  
 
Name(s) in full and PAN number (attach copy of PAN  card)   Seller Signature(s)  
1. __________________________________________   __________________________ ____ 
2. __________________________________________   ____________________________ __ 
3. __________________________________________  _______  ______________________ ________  
 
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness  : __________________________________________  
Name of the Witness   : __________________________________________  
Address of the Witness   : __________________________________________  
     ____________________________________ Pin Code _______ __________  
Transferee’s Particulars  
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse Name (2)  Address & E -mail id (3)  
KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED  N.A.  Address:  SF-11, Second Floor, JMD 
Regent Plaza, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, 
Village Sikanderpur Ghosi, Gurugram, 
Haryana  - 122001  
E-mail:  
investors @kajariaceramics.com   
 
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business    
 
Folio No. of Transferee                                                                          Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)     
                                                                                    
________________________                                                                      ________________________  Name of the company (in full):          KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED  
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company  
is listed, (if any): National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE 
Limited  
 
Kind/Class of Securities  (1) Nominal value of each 
unit of security (2)  Amount called up Per unit 
of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity Share  Re. 1/- Re. 1/- Re. 1/- 
 
75 
 Value of stamp affixed  Rs__________________  
Enclosures:  
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, Letter of allotment     
3. Copy of PAN card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others,  specify__________________________________  
           
 
For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by_______________________________________  
Signature Tallied by ________________________________  
Entered in the Register of Transfer on _________________  
______________ vide Transfer no.____________________  
Approved date____________________________________  
Power of attorney/Probate/Death Certificate/Letter of Administration Registration on  
_________________  at No.____________________________________  
 
Declaration:  
 
• Transferee is not required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Non -Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares; or  
• Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -
Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed 
herewith.  
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
Name of the Transferor      Name of the Transferee   No. of Shares   Date of Transfer  
 
____________________ ______________________________________ _______ _______________  
 
 
 
Signature of the authorized signatory  
For Office Use Only                                                                                                                 STAMPS  
 
 
 
Checked by_______________________________________  
Signature Tallied by ________________________________   
Entered in the Register of Transfer on _________________  
______________ vide Transfer no.____________________  
Approved date____________________________________  
Power of attorney/Probate/Death Certificate/Letter of Administration Registration on _____________________ at 
No.____________________________________  
 
 
76 
 33. SELF -DECLARATION  FORMS  FOR  NON -RESIDENT  SHAREHOLDERS  
 
Annexure 1 - Self-declaration of cost of acquisition  
 
Please find below the details of period of holding and cost of acquisition of the shares tendered by me for the purpose of 
Buyback by Kajaria Ceramics Limited : 
 
Name  of the 
shareholder  No. of 
Shares  
tendered  
under  
the 
Buyback  Date  of 
Acquisition  of 
such shares# Classification  of Shares  
(Long  Term/Short - term)  Cost of Acquisition  
     
     
#In case Shares  were  held for more  than 12 months,  demat  statement  / custodian  certificate  / broker  statement/  etc. evidencing 
acquisition dates, are attached as Appendix.  
 
(Note:  In case the shares  are acquired  as part of bonus  issue,  then,  please  mention  the cost of acquisition  as zero)  
I/We  confirm  that, where  the shares  were  acquired  before  1 February  2018  or through  any mode  requiring  special  determination 
of cost under the Income -tax Act, 2025, the cost of acquisition mentioned above has been computed after considering the 
applicable  provisions,  including  grandfathering  provisions,  substituted  cost provisions,  cost of previous  owner  provisions,  and 
corporate action adjustments, as applicable.  
 
Where the shares are held in dematerialised form, I/we confirm that the shares accepted / to be accepted under the buy -back 
have been identified by applying the first -in-first-out (FIFO) method to the relevant demat account in accordance with 
applicable la w. 
 
I/We  further  confirm  that the date of acquisition,  cost of acquisition  and period  of holding  mentioned  above  relate  to the shares 
regarded as transferred under the buy -back after applying such FIFO methodology.  
I/We hereby certify that declaration made above is true and bona fide. In case of any change in the declaration on any of the  
above aspects, I undertake to promptly intimate you of the said event.  
 
I/We also undertake to provide all additional documents/ information, as may  be prescribed / required by the  Indian Revenue 
authorities, to substantiate any of the above details.  
I/We  acknowledge  that Kajaria Ceramics Limited  may rely on this declaration  and the supporting  documents  for determining  
the amount chargeable to tax and the applicable withholding tax rate on the buy -back consideration payable to me/us.  
 
I/We  further  acknowledge  and agree  that: 
(a) If this declaration, supporting documents or computation is not furnished within the prescribed timeline, or is found to 
be incomplete, inconsistent, inaccurate or unsupported,  Kajaria Ceramics  Limited may deduct tax on the gross buy -back 
consideration at the higher applicable rate.  
(b) Kajaria Ceramics Limited  is not responsible  for independently  verifying  the final capital  gains  tax liability  arising  to me/us.  
(c) The final taxability, computation of capital gains, availability of cost deduction, availability of treaty benefit, claim of 
credit for taxes withheld and claim of refund, if any, shall remain my/our sole responsibility.  
 
I further  agree  to indemnify  and hold good  Kajaria Ceramics Limited  from  any liability  (including  towards  tax, interest  and 
penalty)  that may arise or may be asserted against Kajaria Ceramics Limited  with respect to any shortfall in tax withholding 
based on my aforesaid declaration.  
Date:  
 
DP ID: 
 
Client  ID: 
Permanent  Account  Number:  
 
Name  of the Shareholder:  *Signature  
77 
 Annexure  2 
 Date:  ________  
 
To  
The Company Secretary / Compliance Officer ,  
Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
J-1/B-1 (Extn.),  
Mohan Co -operative Industrial Estate,  
Mathura Road, New Delhi - 110044  
 
Dear  Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject:  Declaration  from  Non-resident  shareholder  
 
Ref: Folio Number / DP ID / Client ID -  ; PAN –   (Please  mention your 
permanent account number) (unique identification number) provided by the Indian Tax Authority, if any .  
 
1. I/We,  <shareholder  name> , hereby  confirm  the following:  
 
2. I/ We am/ are a  <insert  legal  entity  status>  having  registered  address  at <insert  registered  address> . 
 
3. The Tax Identification Number / Unique Identification Number as issued by the Government of <name  of the country> 
is_______.   
 
4. I/ We am/are tax resident of   <name of the country> in accordance with the provisions of Article 4 of the 
Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between India and  <insert  country>  (“treaty”)  The Tax Residency 
Certificate issued by  is attached  herewith.  I/We  further  confirm  that I/we am/ are entitled  to claim  the 
benefits  of the treaty  between  the two countries,  taking  into consideration  the Multilateral  Instrument  (‘MLI ’) signed  by 
both the  countries, including, but not limited to, satisfaction of the “Principal Purpose Test” provided in such MLI . 
 
5. I/ We do not/ will not have  any ‘Permanent  Establishment’  in India  as envisaged  under  Article  5 of the treaty  during  
the period  1 April  2026  to 31 March  2027.  
 
6. I/ We am/ beneficial  owner/s  of the shares  held in Kajaria Ceramics  Limited . Specifically,  I/ we confirm  that I/ we will 
have  exclusive economic possession and control over the capital gains received, and that I/ we have the absolute discretion 
to utilise the capital  gains  received  without  being  constrained  by any contractual,  legal  or other  arrangement  to pass on 
such capital  gains to any other person.  
 
7. I/ We hereby confirm that I/ we do/ will not have a place of effective management, during the period 1 April 2026 to 31 
March 2027, in India and none of the key management and commercial decisions for the conduct of business in substance 
are/ will be made in India.  
 
8. My/Our  e-mail ID is ______________________________________ and contact  number  is __________________ . 
 
9. I/ We hereby certify that  declarations  made  above are  true and bona  fide. In case of  any change  in the  declaration  on any 
of the above aspects, I/ we undertake to promptly intimate you of the said event.  
 
10. I/ We also undertake to provide all additional documents/ information, as may be prescribed / required by the Indian 
Revenue authorities, in order to substantiate any of the above aspects.  
 
11. I/ We further agree to indemnify, defend and hold good Kajaria Ceramics  Limited from any liability (including towards 
tax, interest and penalty) that may arise, or may be asserted against  Kajaria Ceramics  Limited with respect to the 
availability of treaty benefits  (including under the MLI) in respect of such capital gains.  
 
 
Yours  sincerely,  
For <shareholder  name > 
Authorised  Signatory  
Name:  << Name of person signing declaration >>  
Designation: <<  Designation  of person  signing  declaration >> 