 
 
 
 
May 23 , 2026  
 
BSE L imited  
P.J. Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 National Stock Exchange of India L imited  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Sub.:   Postal Ballot Notice – Buyb ack of Equity Shares of Kajaria Ceramics Limited 
(“Company”)  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated April 30, 2026, informing about the decision of the Board of 
Directors of the Company at their  meeting held on April 30, 2026, having considered and approved the 
proposal for B uyback of fully paid up equity shares of the Company having a face value of Re. 1/ - not 
exceeding 21.50 Lacs Equity Shares of the Company (“ Equity Shares ” and such buyback “ Buyback ”) 
from the shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity Shares of the Company, as on Record Date, 
which will be decided subsequently, on a proportionate basis, through the “Tender Offer” route, at a 
price of Rs. 1380/ - (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share of the 
Company  (“Buyback Offer Price ”), payable in cash, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 296.70 
crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs  only),  excluding tax payable under 
Income Tax Act, 2025 and any expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage 
costs, fees, turnover charges, taxes such as tax on Buyback, securities transaction tax and goods and 
services tax (if any), stamp duty, filing fees to SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) charges, advisors/legal fees, 
printing and dispatch expenses, if any, public announcement publication expenses and other incidental 
and related expenses and charges . 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations , 
2015, we enclose herewith the Notice of Postal Ballot dated April 30, 2026 (“ Postal Ballot Notice”) , 
which is being sent to the members of the Company for obtaining their approval by way of Special 
Resolution for the Buyback of Equity S hares  of the Company . 
 The Postal Ballot Notice is also hosted on the Company’s website at www.kajariaceramic.com   
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
For Kajaria Ceramics Limited  
 
 
 
Vinit Kumar  
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
 Encl.: As above 
(1)Corporate Office:  J-1/ B-1 (Extn.), Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, New Delhi- 1 10044KAJARIA  CERAMICS LIMITED
[CIN: L26924HR1985PLC056150]
Registered Office:  SF-1 1, Second Floor , JMD Regent Plaza, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, 
Village Sikanderpur Ghosi, Gurgaon, Haryana-122001, Phone +91-124-4081281
Phone +91-1 1-26946409, Fax: +91-1 1-26946407
Website:  www .kajariaceramics.com  Email:  investors@kajariaceramics.com  
NOTICE OF POST AL BALLOT
In compliance with the MCA  Circulars, this Notice of Postal Ballot (“Notice ” or “Postal Ballot Notice ”) is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail address are registered with the Company/Depositories. If your e-mail address 
is not registered with the Company/Depositories, please follow the process provided in the Notes of this Notice to receive user ID 
and password for remote e-voting. The communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would only take place through the 
remote e-voting.NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act”) read with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules ”), as amended from time to time and applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations ”), Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (“SS-2 ”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable laws and Regulations (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) read with the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 
8, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and latest one being Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 and any 
other circular as issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA ”) [hereinafter collectively referred to as the “MCA  Circulars ”], 
that Kajaria Ceramics Limited (“Company ”) is seeking approval of its Shareholders (“Members” ) for the matter as set out in the 
resolution appended below , through Postal Ballot by voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”  or “e-voting ”)
TO CONSIDER BUYBACK OF UPTO 21,50,000 EQUITY  SHARES OF THE COMP ANY  AT A PRICE OF RS. 1380/- PER 
EQUITY  SHARE, ON A PROPORTIONA TE BASIS, THROUGH THE “TENDER OFFER” ROUTE IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE COMP ANIES ACT, 2013 AND THE SEBI (BUY -BACK OF SECURITIES) REGULA TIONS, 2018 (INCLUDING 
RULES/REGULA TIONS/CIRCULARS MADE/ISSUED THEREUNDER)
“RESOL VED THAT pursuant to the Resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 30, 2026, Article 4 of the 
Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act”) read with the rules made thereunder , including the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 (to the extent applicable) (hereinafter referred to as the “Share Capital Rules ”), the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder , each as amended from time to time Dear Member(s), 
The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. Rupesh Agarwal, (Membership No.: ACS 16302, CP No.: 5673), 
Managing Partner or failing him Mr. Shashikant Tiwari (Membership No.: FCS 11919, CP No.: 13050), Partner or failing him Mr. 
Mohit Varshney (Membership No.: ACS 60762, CP No.: 27501), Partner of M/s Chandrasekaran Associates, Company 
Secretaries having its office situated at 11-F, Pocket-IV , Mayur Vihar, Phase I, Delhi - 110091 as Scrutinizer for scrutinizing the 
vote(s) cast through remote e-voting on the resolution proposed in this Notice, in accordance with law and in a fair and 
transparent manner .
The remote e-voting will commence at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Sunday , May 24, 2026  and will end at 5:00 p.m. (IST)  on Monday , 
June 22, 2026 . The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL  for voting thereafter and the voting shall not be allowed 
beyond the said date and time. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the Members, the Members will not be allowed to change it 
subsequently .In compliance with the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 of the Companies Act including Rules, the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and/or other applicable laws/regulations (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force), the Company is pleased to provide a facility to its Members to exercise their rights to vote on the resolution 
proposed in this Notice by electronic means i.e. through remote e-voting services provided by National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL ”).
The Scrutinizer shall unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at least two witnesses not in employment 
of the Company and shall make and submit his Report within the prescribed time.
The results of voting will be announced on/before the close of working hours on Tuesday , June 23, 2026 at the Corporate Office 
of the Company . The results along with the Scrutinizer ’s Report shall be displayed at the Registered Office and the Corporate 
Office of the Company . The results shall be communicated to the Stock Exchanges and the same along with the Scrutinizer ’s 
Report shall also be displayed on the Company’ s website www .kajariaceramics.com as well as on NSDL ’s website 
www .evoting.nsdl.com
PROPOSED RESOLUTION:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as a Special Resolution :
(2)and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended 
(“SEBI Buyback Regulations” ), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations ”) (including re-enactment of the Companies Act or the rules made 
thereunder or the SEBI Buyback Regulations, or the SEBI Listing Regulations) and subject to such other approvals, permissions, 
consents, sanctions and exemptions as may be necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any , as may be 
prescribed by the  Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI ”), concerned Registrar of Companies, (“RoC”), BSE Limited 
(“BSE”), National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and/or other authorities, institutions or bodies (together with SEBI, 
BSE and NSE, the “Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary , and subject to such conditions, alterations, amendments 
and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by them while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions 
and exemptions which may be agreed, the Shareholders (“Members” ) of the Company hereby consent and approve the 
Buyback by the Company of its fully paid-up equity shares having a face value of Re. 1/- (Rupee One only) each (“Equity 
Shares ”), not exceeding 21,50,000 Equity Shares (Twenty-One Lacs Fifty Thousand only) of the Company , representing 1.35% 
of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up equity capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026, at a price of Rs. 
1380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share (“Buyback Offer Price ”), subject to any increase to 
the Buyback Offer Price and decrease in the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, such that there is no change 
in the aggregate size of the Buyback, as approved and/or to be approved by the Board of Directors of the Company [hereinafter 
referred to as the “Board ”, which term shall be deemed to include any committee of the Board and/or officials, which the Board 
may constitute/authorise to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this resolution], payable in cash for an 
aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only), {excluding 
tax payable under Income Tax Act, 2025 and any expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage costs, fees, 
turnover charges, taxes such as tax on Buyback, securities transaction tax and goods and services tax (if any), stamp duty, filing 
fees to SEBI, stock exchange charges, advisors/legal fees, printing and dispatch expenses, if any, public announcement 
publication expenses and other incidental and related expenses and charges (“Transaction Costs ”)}, which represents 10.27% 
and 9.87% of the aggregate of the Company’ s paid-up capital and free reserves as per the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, respectively , whichever sets out a lower amount (which 
is within the statutory limits of 25% of the aggregate of the fully paid-up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company , 
based on the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, 
whichever sets out a lower amount, in this case being the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company , as per the 
provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Buyback Regulations), from all the shareholders/beneficial owners of the Equity 
Shares of the Company [except any shareholders/beneficial owners who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable 
laws by Appropriate Authorities and the Promoter & members of Promoter Group (as defined under SEBI (Substantial Acquisition 
of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and to be referred as “Promoters ”)] {hereinafter referred to as the “Eligible 
Shareholders ”}, as on a Record Date to be subsequently decided by the Board (“Record Date ”), through the “Tender Offer” 
route, on a proportionate basis as prescribed under the SEBI Buyback Regulations (hereinafter referred to as the “Buyback ”) 
and that the Promoter and members of Promoter Group have expressed their intention not to participate in the above said 
Buyback. 
RESOL VED FURTHER THAT the Company may buyback Equity Shares from all the existing members holding Equity Shares of 
the Company on a proportionate basis, provided that 15% (Fifteen Percent) of the number of Equity Shares which the Company 
proposes to Buyback or such number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as on the Record 
Date, whichever is higher , shall be reserved for the small shareholders, as prescribed under Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations.RESOL VED FURTHER THAT the Company , to the extent legally permissible, implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism for 
acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting ” notified by 
the SEBI [vide SEBI’s circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/20l6/131 dated December 9, 2016, circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR-III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 
and circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023, including any amendments or statutory modifications for 
the time being in force] (“SEBI Circulars ”).
RESOL VED FURTHER THAT the Buyback of Equity Shares from non-resident members of the Company , including Foreign 
Corporate Bodies (“FCBs ”), Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”), Foreign Portfolio Investors ("FPIs ") and members of foreign 
nationality , etc., shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned authorities 
including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules, 
regulations made thereunder . 
RESOL VED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers conferred hereinabove 
as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit, to any Committee of Director(s)/any one or more Director(s)/Of ficer(s)/Authorised 
Representative(s) (“Buyback Committee ”) of the Company in order to give effect to this resolution, including but not limited to 
finalizing the terms of the Buyback such as Record Date, entitlement ratio, the time frame for completion of Buyback, 
appointment of registrars, brokers, depository participants (“DPs”), escrow agents, advisors, consultants, intermediaries, other 
agencies, as may be required, for implementation of the Buyback; preparation, finalizing, signing and filing of the Public 
Announcement, Letter of Offer and such other necessary applications, undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and 
correspondence, if required under the Common Seal of the Company , to be filed in connection with the Buyback with SEBI, RBI, 
Stock Exchanges where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed, RoC, Depositories and/or other regulatory and/or statutory 
authorities as may be required from time to time and to obtain their approvals and to initiate all necessary actions including 
opening, operation and closure of necessary bank accounts (including escrow account), issuance of bank guarantee in favour of 
the merchant banker(s) or deposit of acceptable securities or bank deposits, with appropriate margin with the merchant 
(3)RESOL VED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board and the Buyback Committee be and 
are hereby , severally , empowered and authorised on behalf of the Company to accept and make any alteration(s)/modification(s) 
to the terms and conditions as it may deem necessary , concerning any aspect of the Buyback, in accordance with the statutory 
requirements or any conditions laid down by any regulatory or other authority while giving its approval as well as to give such 
directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise and generally , to do all 
acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board and/or Buyback Committee and/or any person authorised by the Board may, in 
absolute discretion deem necessary , expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to 
the Buyback without seeking any further consent or approval of the members or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be 
deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this Resolution.”
     For Kajaria Ceramics Limited
     General Counsel and Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi banker(s), as may be required, entering into agreements, release of public announcement, filing of declaration of solvency , 
obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third parties as required under applicable law, 
extinguishment of dematerialized shares and physical destruction of share certificates in respect of the Equity Shares bought 
back by the Company .
RESOL VED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein shall confer any right on the part of any members to offer and/or any 
obligation on the part of the Company or the Board or the Buyback Committee to Buyback any shares, and/or impair any power of 
the Company or the Board or the Buyback Committee to terminate any process in relation to such Buyback, if so permissible by 
law.
     By order of the Board 
     Vinit Kumar
     [FCS No. 6789]
Date: April 30, 2026
1. The Explanatory Statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act”) in 
respect of the proposed Special Resolution to be transacted through the Postal Ballot is annexed and forms part of this 
Notice.
2. As per the MCA  Circulars, physical copies of this Notice, Postal Ballot forms and pre-paid Business Reply Envelopes are 
not being sent to Members for this Postal Ballot. Members are requested to provide their assent or dissent through remote 
e-voting only.Notes:
3. In compliance with the MCA  Circulars, the Notice is being sent by electronic mode to those Members whose names appear 
in the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as received from NSDL  and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL ”) and whose e-mail IDs are registered with the Company/Depositories. For Members who have not 
registered their e-mail IDs, please follow the instructions given in this Notice. Further , the Members whose names appear in 
the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Monday , May 18, 2026 , being the “Cut-off Date ”, are entitled to 
vote on the resolution set forth in this Notice. A person who is not a Member as on the Cut-of f Date should treat this Notice 
for information purpose only.
5. The Notice is available at the Company’ s website i.e. www .kajariaceramics.com, the Stock Exchanges’  websites i.e. 
www .nseindia.com / www .bseindia.com and NSDL ’s website i.e. www .evoting.nsdl.com
6. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, the Members of the Company who are yet to register/update their e-mail address with the 
Company/Depositories are once again requested to register/update the same for receiving the Notices, Annual Reports 
and other documents/ communications through electronic mode.
7. Pursuant to the SEBI’ s Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024 read with the 
SEBI’ s Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, a Member who holds shares in physical 
mode needs to update his/her KYC details (including PAN/contact details/bank details, etc.) with the Company as the 
payment of dividend is being made through electronic mode only. Thus, the Member who holds shares of the Company in 
physical mode, is requested to get updated their KYC details including the bank account details, etc. with the Company/the 
Company’ s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent - MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited at 179-180, DSIDC Shed, 3rd Floor , 
Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-1, New Delhi -110020 (“RTA”).4. The voting rights for the Postal Ballot shall be reckoned in proportion to the paid-up equity share capital held by the 
Member(s) as on the Cut-of f Date i.e. Monday , May 18, 2026.
8. The Company is pleased to provide electronic voting facility (“ remote e-voting ” or “ e-voting ”) to all the Members of the 
Company to cast their votes electronically and the business stated in the Postal Ballot Notice will be transacted through 
e-voting. For this purpose, necessary arrangements have been made with NSDL  to facilitate e-voting process.
(4)     3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select ‘Register Online for IDeAS Portal’  or click at  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureW eb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
     5. Shareholders can also download NSDL  Mobile App ‘NSDL  Speede’  facility 
through App Store / Google Play for seamless voting experience.
     2. After successful login the Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to see the 
e-voting option for eligible companies where e-voting is in progress as per 
information provided by the company . On clicking the e-voting option, the user 
will be able to access e-voting page of e-voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the e-voting period. Additionally , there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-voting service providers, so that user can visit the 
e-voting service provider ’s website directly .     2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL, Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a personal computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page, click on the ‘Beneficial Owner ’ icon under ‘Login’  which 
is available under ‘IDeAS’  section, this will prompt you to enter your User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-voting 
services under Value added services. Click on ‘Access to e-voting’  under 
e-voting services and you will be able to see e-voting page. Click on the 
Company’ s name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be 
re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL  for casting your vote during the remote 
e-voting period.
     4. Please visit the e-voting website of NSDL  and open web browser by typing the 
URL: https://www .evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon 
‘Login’  which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member ’ section. A  new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP  and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL  site wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on the Company’ s name or 
e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to e-voting website 
of NSDL  for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
     1. Users who have opted for CDSL  Easi / Easiest, they can login through their user 
ID and password. An option will be made available to access e-voting page 
without any further authentication. The Users to login Easi / Easiest are 
requested to visit CDSL  website www .cdslindia.com and click login icon & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing Easi username & password.      1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureW eb/ 
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP-ID, 8-digit Client 
ID, PAN No., Verification Code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL  site wherein you can see e-voting 
page. Click on the Company’ s name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and 
you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL  for casting your vote during 
the remote e-voting period.9.  The instruction for e-voting are as under:
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL  e-voting system consists of ‘Two Steps’  which are as mentioned below:
 In terms of the SEBI’ s Circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by listed companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility .  Login method for Individual shareholder holding shares in demat mode 
is given below: 
 Type of shareholders  Login Method Step 1: Access to NSDL  e-voting System:
 A. Login method for e-voting for the shareholders holding shares in demat mode:
Shareholders holding shares in  
demat mode with CDSLShareholders holding shares in  
demat mode with NSDL
Shareholders (holding shares in 
demat mode) login through their 
depository participants
(5) (ii) Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon ‘Login’  which is available under 
‘Shareholders/Members’  section. Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forgot User ID and Forgot 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
 mode with CDSL  sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800 21 09911 Login type    Helpdesk details
 (i) Please visit at the e-voting website of NSDL. Open the web browser by typing the URL: 
https://www .evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer or on a mobile.
 with NSDL     For example,    if your DP  ID is IN300*** and Client ID is mode with NSDL  sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022-4886 7000
 For Members holding shares in Physical Form EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
   Company Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL  Your User ID is: 
 For Members who hold shares in Demat account  8 character DP  ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID     3. If the user is not  registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL  website www .cdslindia.com and click on login & new system Myeasi Tab 
and then click on registration option.
 Shareholders holding shares in demat  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL  helpdesk by
 (iii) A new screen will open. Please enter User ID, password and Verification code as shown on the screen.
 (iv) User ID details are given below: Shareholders holding shares in demat  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL  helpdesk by
      12******, then User ID is IN300***12******
 with CDSL    For example, if your Beneficiary ID is12**************, then      You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL  for e-voting facility . Upon 
logging in, you will be able to see e-voting option. Click on e-voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL  site after successful authentication, wherein you can 
see e-voting feature. Click on the Company’ s name or e-voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL  and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL  for casting your vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
 Helpdesk for the shareholders holding shares in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. NSDL  and CDSL:
B Login method for the shareholders other than the shareholders holding shares in demat mode (i.e. shareholders holding 
shares in physical mode):
  Alternatively , if you are registered for NSDL  eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL  eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically .
 or CDSL) or Physical     4. Alternatively , the user can directly access e-voting page by providing demat 
Account Number and PAN Nos. from a link in www .cdslindia.com home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the demat Account. After successful authentication, user 
will be able to see the e-voting option where e-voting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-voting service provider ..
 For Members who hold shares in Demat account 16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
     User ID is 12**************
     For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456, 
      the User ID is 101456001***
(6)  • If you are still unable to retrieve your password through above said options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com, mentioning your demat account number/folio number , your PAN, your name and your 
registered address.  (b) If you are using NSDL  e-voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’  which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’  and the 
system will force you to change your password. (v) Password details are given below:
  (a) If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to login and cast your vote.
  (c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company , your ‘initial password’  is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL  from your mailbox. Open 
the email and open the attachment i.e. .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digits Client ID 
for NSDL  account, last 8 digits of Client ID for CDSL  account or folio number for shares held in physical 
form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
   (ii) If your e-mail ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose e-mail IDs are not registered.
  • Click on ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’, option available at www .evoting.nsdl.com (if your demat account is 
with NSDL/CDSL) (vi) If you are unable to retrieve the password or have not received the ‘initial password’  or have forgotten your password:
  • Click on ‘Physical User Reset password?’, option available at www .evoting.nsdl.com (if you are holding shares 
in physical form)
  • Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-voting system 
of NSDL.
 (vii) After entering your password, tick on Agree to ‘Terms and Conditions’  by selecting on the check box.
 Step - 2 – Process to cast your vote electronically on NSDL  e-voting system: (viii) Now, click on ‘Login’  and the Home page of e-voting will open.  
 (i) After successful login at Step -1, you will be able to see all the companies ‘EVEN’  in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle is in active status.
 (ii) Select ‘EVEN’  (Electronic Voting Event Number) of Kajaria Ceramics Limited.
 (iii) Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens.
 (iv) You can cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on ‘Submit’  and also ‘Confirm’  when prompted.
 (v) Upon confirmation, the message ‘Vote cast successfully’  will be displayed.
 (vi) You can also take printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on confirmation page.
 (vii) Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will be not allowed to modify your vote.
 General Guidelines for e-voting:
 i. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority Letter , etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail at rupesh@cacsindia.com or 
investors@kajariaceramics.com or admin@mcsregistrars.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / 
Power of Attorney / Authority Letter; etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter ’ displayed under ‘e-
voting’  tab in their login.
 ii. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to enter the 
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’  or ‘Physical User 
Reset Password?’  option available on www .evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
10. Process for those shareholders whose e-mail IDs are not registered with the Company/Depositories for procuring User ID 
and Password and registration of e-mail IDs for e-voting for the resolution set out in this Notice:
(7)12. In case of any queries connected with voting by electronic means (‘e-voting’), you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) for Members and the e-voting user manual for Members available at the download section of 
www .evoting.nsdl.com or contact Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Asst. Vice President, National Securities Depository Limited, 3rd 
Floor , Naman Chamber , Plot C-32, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051 through 
email at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022-48867000 or may contact Mr. Vinit Kumar , General Counsel & Company 
Secretary of the Company , through email at investors@kajariaceramics.com or on telephone at +91-1 1-26946409.
     Vinit Kumar
Date: April 30, 202614. The Special Resolution passed by the Members of the Company through the Postal Ballot is deemed to have been passed 
as if the same has been passed at a general meeting of the Members of the Company.11. The voting period will commence at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Sunday , May 24, 2026 and will end at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Monday , 
June 22, 2026. No voting shall be allowed beyond 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Monday , June 22, 2026. The e-voting module shall be 
disabled by NSDL  for voting thereafter .
     For Kajaria Ceramics Limited13. The Special Resolution will be taken as passed effectively on the last date of e-voting on Monday , June 22, 2026, if the 
results of the Postal Ballot indicate that the requisite majority of the Members of the Company have assented to the Special 
Resolution.
     General Counsel and Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi  i. In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder , scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
AADHAAR Card) by email to investors@kajariaceramics.com
 iii. Alternatively , a shareholder may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting 
by providing above mentioned documents. ii. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digits DPID + CLID or 16 digits Beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAAR (self-attested scanned copy of AADHAAR Card) by email to investors@kajariaceramics.com. If you are 
an individual shareholder holding shares in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at 
Note No. 9(1)(A) above i.e. Login method by e-voting for the shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
     By order of the Board 
     [FCS No. 6789]
(8)The Buyback is within 25% of the aggregate of paid-up capital and free reserves of the Company as per the audited standalone or 
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026 (i.e. the last audited financial statements 
available as on the date of Board Meeting recommending the proposal of the Buyback), whichever sets out a lower amount. The 
Offer Size of the Buyback constitutes 10.27% and 9.87% of the aggregate fully paid-up share capital and free reserves as per the 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026, respectively , 
whichever sets out a lower amount and which is within the prescribed limit of 25% and represents 1.35% of the total issued and 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company . 
1. Necessity of the Buyback 
 The Buyback will help the Company achieve the following objectives: 
 (ii) enhance overall shareholders' value.The Board of Directors (“ ”) of the Company , at their meeting held on April 30, 2026 (“ ) have, subject to the Board Board Meeting”
approval of the members of the Company by way of Special Resolution and subject to such approvals of regulatory and/or 
statutory authorities as may be required under applicable laws, approved Buyback of upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs Fifty 
Thousand only) fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value of Re.1/- (Rupee One only) each (“ ”), on a proportionate Equity Shares
basis, through the “Tender Offer” route through Stock Exchange mechanism in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 
(“ ), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Management and Companies Act”
Administration) Rules, 2014 (to the extent applicable), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ ”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India SEBI Listing Regulations
(Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, (“ ”), as amended from time to time, and the Securities SEBI Buyback Regulations
and Exchange Board of India's Circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR-III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 
and circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 (“ ”), at a price of Rs. 1380/- (Rupees One SEBI Circulars
Thousand Three Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share of the Company (“ ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Offer Price
Buyback Offer Price and decrease in the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back, such that there is no change in 
the aggregate size of the Buyback as may be approved by the Board/Buyback Committee, payable in cash for an aggregate 
consideration not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only) (“ ”) Offer Size
excluding transaction costs, applicable taxes and other incidental and related expenses (“ ”). BuybackEXPLANA TORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMP ANIES ACT, 2013
In accordance with Article 4 of the Articles of Association of the Company , it is necessary to obtain consent of members of the 
Company for the Buyback by way of special resolution and accordingly , the Board has sought approval of the members of the 
Company for the Buyback, by way of a special resolution. Accordingly , the Company is seeking your consent by way of special 
resolution for the aforesaid proposal as contained in the Resolution provided in this Postal Ballot Notice. 
Certain figures contained in this Postal Ballot Notice have been subject to rounding-of f adjustments. All decimals have been 
rounded off to two decimal points. Requisite details relating to the Buyback are given below: 
 The Buyback is being undertaken by the Company after taking into account the strategic and operational cash 
requirements of the Company in the medium term and for returning surplus funds to the members in an effective and 
efficient manner . 
 (i) optimize returns to shareholders; and 
 The Board at its meeting held on April 30, 2026, considered the accumulated free reserves reflected in the latest available 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and also as on the 
date of the Board Meeting and considering these, the Board decided to allocate up to Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only), excluding the Transaction Costs for distributing to the shareholders  
holding Equity Shares of the Company through the Buyback.
 After considering several factors and benefits to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company , the Board 
decided to recommend the Buyback of Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 1380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred  The above objectives will be achieved through the Buyback may lead to reduction in outstanding Equity Shares, 
improvement in earnings per equity share, and enhanced return on invested capital. The Buyback will not in any manner 
impair the ability of the Company to pursue growth opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations and 
for continued capital investment, as and when required. 
(9) (iii) The Buyback may help in improving return on equity , by reduction in the equity base, thereby leading to long term 
increase in shareholders' value; and
 (iv) The Buyback gives an option to the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company , who can choose to 
participate and get cash in lieu of Equity Shares to be accepted under the Buyback offer or they may choose not to 
participate and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post the Buyback offer, without additional 
investment.
 The amount required by the Company for the Buyback is intended to be met out of the Company's current balances of cash 
and cash equivalents, investments, and/or internal accruals of the Company and shall not be met out of the proceeds raised 
from an earlier issue, money borrowed from banks or financial institutions, or any amount raised from the same kind of 
Equity Shares.Eighty only) per Equity Share of the Company for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees T wo 
Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only). The Buyback is being undertaken, inter-alia, for the following reasons: 
3. Buyback Price and basis of determining the price of the Buyback 
 The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price of Rs. 1380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three 
Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share of the Company (“ ”). The Offer Price has been arrived at after Offer Price
considering various factors including, but not limited to the trends in the volume weighted average prices and closing price 
of the Equity Shares on BSE Limited (“ ”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ ”) i.e. the stock BSE NSE
exchanges, where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed, impact on net worth, price earnings ratio, earnings per 
share and other financial parameters. 
 The Offer Price represents: 
 i. Premium of 42.70% and 42.87% volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE, 
respectively , during the three months preceding the date of intimation to NSE and BSE (i.e. April 22, 2026) for the 
Board meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback (“ ”). Intimation Date
 ii. Premium of 23.40% and 23.54% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on NSE and 
BSE  respectively , for two weeks preceding the Intimation Date. , (i) The Buyback will enable the Company to return surplus cash to its shareholders holding Equity Shares in proportion 
to their shareholding, thereby enhancing overall shareholder returns, promoting capital efficiency , increasing 
shareholders' value, and improving the return on equity;
 (ii) The Buyback, which is being implemented through the T ender Offer route as prescribed under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations, would involve allocation of number of Equity Shares as per their entitlement or 15% of the number of 
Equity Shares to be bought back whichever is higher , reserved for the small shareholders. The Company believes 
that this reservation for small shareholders would benefit a large number of public shareholders, who would get 
classified as “small shareholder” as per Regulation 2(i)(n) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations;
2. Maximum number of securities that the Company proposes to buyback 
 The Company proposes to Buyback of upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs Fifty Thousand only) Equity Shares of face value 
of Re.1 (Rupee One only) each of the Company or lesser depending upon the final price determined by the Board/Buyback 
Committee.
4. Maximum amount required for Buyback, its percentage of the total paid-up capital and free reserves and sources 
of funds from which Buyback would be financed  In accordance with Regulation 5(via) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Board/Buyback Committee may increase the 
maximum Buyback price (i.e. Buyback Offer Price) and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back 
provided that there is no change in the aggregate size of the Buyback (i.e. Offer Size), till one working day prior to the 
Record Date fixed for the purpose of Buyback.
 The Company proposes to Buyback upto 21,50,000 (Twenty One Lacs Fifty Thousand only) Equity Shares of the  iii. Premium of 14.74% and 14.48% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE  respectively , as on the ,
Intimation Date.
 As required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Companies Act and Regulation 4(ii)(a) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the ratio 
of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company will not be more than twice the paid-up capital and 
free reserves after the Buyback on audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount. 
(10)5. Method to be adopted for the Buyback 
 As required under the SEBI Buyback Regulations, the Company will announce a Record Date (“ ”) for Record Date
determining the names of the members holding Equity Shares of the Company who will be eligible to participate in the 
Buyback [“ ”]. Consequent to the approval of the Buyback, Eligible Shareholders will receive a Eligible Shareholder(s)
Letter of Offer along with a Tender/Of fer Form indicating their entitlement. 
 As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, a “ ” is a shareholder who holds Equity small shareholder
Shares having market value, based on closing price of shares on Stock Exchanges having highest trading volume as on the 
Record Date, of not more than Rs.2,00,000 ( Rupees Two Lacs only). 
 In accordance with Regulation 6 of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, 15% (fifteen percent) of the number of Equity Shares 
which the Company proposes to buyback or such number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small 
shareholders as on the Record Date, whichever is higher , shall be reserved for the small shareholders as part of this 
Buyback.  i. Reserved category for small shareholders; and 
 Based on the holding on the Record Date, the Company will determine the entitlement of each Eligible Shareholder to 
tender their shares in the Buyback. This entitlement for each Eligible Shareholder will be calculated based on the number of 
Equity Shares held by the respective shareholder as on the Record Date and the ratio of the Buyback applicable in the 
category to which such shareholder belongs.  ii. General category for all other shareholders. Company , representing 1.35% of the total number of Equity Shares in the total paid-up equity capital of the Company as of 
March 31, 2026, at a price of Rs. 1380/- (Rupees One Thousand Three Hundred Eighty only) per Equity Share (“Buyback 
Offer Price ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Offer Price and decrease in the number of Equity Shares proposed to 
be bought back, such that there is no change in the aggregate size of the Buyback as may be approved by the 
Board/Buyback Committee, payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees Two  
Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only), excluding tax payable under Income Tax Act, 2025 and any expenses {
incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, taxes such as tax on Buyback, 
securities transaction tax and goods and services tax (if any), stamp duty, filing fees to SEBI, stock exchange charges, 
advisors/legal fees, printing and dispatch expenses, if any, public announcement publication expenses and other 
incidental and related expenses and charges (“ ”), which represents 10.27% and 9.87% of the Transaction Costs }
aggregate of the Company's paid-up capital and free reserves as per the audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, respectively , whichever sets out a lower amount, 
which is within the statutory limits of 25% of the aggregate of the fully paid-up equity share capital and free reserves of the 
Company , based on the audited standalone or consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount.
 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free reserves of the Company 
(retained earnings) and/or such other source as may be permitted by the SEBI Buyback Regulations or the Companies Act 
read with the rules made thereunder . 
 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity shares so bought back to 
the Capital Redemption Reserve Account and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial 
statements of the Company . 
 The funds borrowed, if any, from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the purpose of the Buyback. 
 The Buyback shall be on a proportionate basis, through the “ ” route, as prescribed under the SEBI Buyback Tender Offer
Regulations, to the extent permissible, and the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchanges pursuant to 
Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting ” as notified by SEBI Circulars. The Buyback will be implemented in 
accordance with the Companies Act, the SEBI Buyback Regulations and on such terms and conditions as may be deemed 
fit by the Company . 
 The Equity Shares to be bought back is divided in two categories: 
 In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, to ensure that the same shareholders with multiple 
demat accounts/folios do not receive a higher entitlement under the Small Shareholder category , the Company will club 
together the Equity Shares held by such shareholders with a common Permanent Account Number (“ ”) for determining PAN
(11)7. Compliance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Companies Act 
 Promoter The aggregate paid-up share capital and free reserves as on March 31, 2026, is Rs. 2,889.1 1 crores (Rupees Two 
Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Nine Crores and Eleven Lacs only) and Rs. 3,006.17 crores (Rupees Three Thousand Six 
Crores and Seventeen Lacs only) as the per the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, respectively . 
Under the provisions of the Companies Act, the funds deployed for the Buyback cannot exceed 25% of the aggregate fully 
paid-up share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the audited standalone or consolidated financial statements 
of the Company , whichever sets out a lower amount, as on March 31, 2026, in this case  being within 25% of the aggregate ,
of the fully paid-up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the audited standalone financial 
statements of the Company , i.e. Rs. 722.28 crores (Rupees Seven Hundred Twenty Two Crores and Twenty Eight Lacs 
only). The maximum amount proposed to be utilized for the Buyback, is not exceeding Rs. 296.70 crores (Rupees T wo 
Hundred Ninety Six Crores and Seventy Lacs only) and is therefore  within the said limit of 25% as per the audited , ,
standalone financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 .
8. Details of holding and transactions in the shares of the Company 
 1.  Mrs. Versha Devi Kajaria 18,27,014 1.15   Promoter Group Shares   share capital
 2.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria 14,39,880 0.90 1.  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria 10,47,004 0.66 i. Aggregate shareholding of the Promoter , members of the Promoter Group and persons who are in control of the 
Company as on the date of the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e. April 30, 2026: The aggregate shareholding of the Promoter , members of the Promoter Group and persons who are in control of the 
Company , Directors of the promoter entities (where the promoter is a company) and Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company on the relevant dates mentioned, are as follows: 
 3.  Mr. Rishi Kajaria 19,85,716 1.25 Sr. No. Name of the Promoter and Members of  No. of Equity % of paid-up equity 
 Members of Promoter Group Shareholders' participation in Buyback will be voluntary . Eligible Shareholder(s) holding Equity Shares can choose to 
participate and get cash in lieu of shares to be accepted under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate. Eligible 
Shareholder(s) holding Equity Shares may also accept a part of their entitlement. Eligible Shareholder(s) holding Equity 
Shares also have the option of tendering additional shares (over and above their entitlement) and participate in the shortfall 
created due to non-participation of some other shareholders, if any. the category (Small Shareholder or General) and entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the 
Company will club together the Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the joint shareholders is 
identical. In case of physical shareholders, where the sequence of PANs is identical, the Company will club together the 
Equity Shares held in such cases. Similarly , in case of physical shareholders where PAN is not available, the Company will 
check the sequence of names of the joint holders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the 
sequence of name of joint shareholders is identical. 
 The maximum tender under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held by 
the shareholder as on the Record Date. 
 The Equity Shares tendered as per the entitlement by Eligible Shareholder(s) holding Equity Shares as well as additional 
shares tendered, if any, will be accepted as per the procedure laid down in the SEBI Buyback Regulations. The settlement 
of the tenders under the Buyback will be done using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange 
pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy-Back and Delisting ” notified by SEBI Circulars. 
 Detailed instructions for participation in the Buyback (tender of Equity Shares in the Buyback) as well as the relevant 
timetable will be included in the Letter of Offer to be sent to the Eligible Shareholder(s). 
6. Time limit for completing the Buyback 
 The Buyback, subject to the regulatory consents and approvals, if any, is proposed to be completed within one year from 
the date of passing of Special Resolution by the members as contemplated in this Postal Ballot Notice.
   as Joint Trustees of Raghav Kajaria Family Private Trust) 4,50,000 0.28
                        Not Applicable since the Company does not have any corporate promoter . 11.  Chetan Kajaria (HUF) 42,000 0.03 8.  Master Parth Kajaria 4,50,000 0.28
 13.  VK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole 
 14.  CK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole  9.  Mr. Raghav Kajaria 0.00 0.00
 10.  A.K Kajaria (HUF) 19,67,750 1.24
 15.  RK Trustees Private Limited (in its capacity as sole    trustee of V ersha Kajaria Family Private Trust) 1,29,33,973 8.12
   trustee of Chetan Kajaria Family Private Trust) 2,58,67,947 16.24
   trustee of Rishi Kajaria Family Private Trust) 2,58,67,947 16.24
 16.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria and Mrs. Rasika Kajaria (in their capacity  6.  Mr. Kartik Kajaria 4,50,000 0.28 4.  Mrs. Rasika Kajaria 5,70,000 0.36
 5.  Mrs. Shikha Kajaria 6,00,000 0.38
 7.  Mr. Vedant Kajaria 4,50,000 0.28
 12.  Rishi Kajaria (HUF) 6,000 0.00
                                                                                 T otal 7,59,55,231 47.69   
 ii. Aggregate shareholding of the Directors of promoter entities (where the promoter is a company) as on the date of 
the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e. April 30, 2026: 
 Sr. No. Name of Directors  Name of the Number of Equity % of shareholding 
     Promoter entity    Shares Held 
 Sr. No. Name of the Directors and KMPs No. of Equity % of paid-up equity 
 Directors   
 1.  Mr. Ashok Kumar Kajaria* 10,47,004 0.66
 3.  Mr. Rishi Kajaria* 19,85,716 1.25
 4.  Mr. Dev Datt Rishi 1,240 0.00
 5.  Mr. Sudhir Bhargava 0.00 0.00
 7.  Mr. Pradeep Udhas 0.00 0.00
 8.  Mrs. Ambika Sharma 0.00 0.00
 9.  Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar 0.00 0.00
 KMPs  
 10.  Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal 0.00 0.00 2.  Mr. Chetan Kajaria* 14,39,880 0.90
 6.  Mr. Hitesh Sohanlal Jain 15,000 0.01
   Total  44,88,840 2.82
 * Also KMPs of the Company . 11.  Mr. Vinit Kumar 0.00 0.00 iii. Aggregate shareholding of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (“ KMPs ”) of the Company as on the date 
of the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e. April 30, 2026:
 iv.  Aggregate shares purchased or sold by any of the Promoter , members of the Promoter Group and of persons who are 
in control of the Company , Directors of the promoter entities (where the promoter is a company) and Directors and      Shares   share capital
(12)
(13)    Total 80,000           (NSE)     
9. Intention of Promoter & members of Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company to participate in 
Buyback       exchange 
 In terms of the SEBI Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoter and members of Promoter Group 
and the persons in control of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoter and 
members of Promoter Group and the persons in control of the Company have expressed their intention of not participating 
in the Buyback vide their letter(s) dated April, 30 2026.        30,000 Purchase 966.00 December 24, 1024.10 December 24,       (NSE)    
      through  2025  2025  
      stock Key Managerial Personnel of the Company during a period of six months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at 
which the Buyback was approved till the date of the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e. April 30, 2026:
  a. Aggregate of shares purchased or sold by any of the Promoter , members of the Promoter Group and persons 
who are in control of the Company:
  Sr. No. Name of the Aggregate Nature of  Minimum  Date of  Maximum Date of 
    Promoter  purchased/   (In Rs.)  (In Rs.)
                    Not Applicable
    Kajaria  through stock   2025  2025     Members of shares  share  price share   price
  Members of Promoter group
  1.  Mrs. V ersha 50,000 Purchase  1024.10 December 9, 1048.80 December 9,  
    Devi Kajaria       through stock  2025  2025  
     Not Applicable since the Company does not have any corporate promoter .    Group  sold        
      exchange 
  Name of  Name of the Aggregate Nature of Minimum  Date of Maximum Date of   2.  Mr. Rishi  50,000 Purchase 1033.30 December 12, 1058.50 December 12,     Promoter and number of  transaction price per  minimum price per maximum 
  Promoter
      (NSE)  
      exchange 
      (NSE)
     30,000 Purchase  966.00 December 24, 1024.10 December 24, 
      through stock   2025  2025
      exchange 
      (NSE)    
    Total 1,30,000 - - - - -
    the Promoter shares  share   price share  price
    entities purchased/   (In Rs.)  (In Rs.)   b. Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Directors of promoter entities (where the promoter is a company): 
     sold      Promoter Director of  number of transaction price per minimum price per maximum  
  c. Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (“KMPs ”) of the 
Company:
  Sr. No. Name of the Aggregate Nature of  Minimum  Date of  Maximum Date of 
    Directors number of  transaction price per  minimum price per maximum 
    and shares  share  price share   price
    KMPs  purchased/   (In Rs.)  (In Rs.)
     sold
  Directors and KMPs
  1.  Mr. Rishi  50,000 Purchase 1033.30 December 12, 1058.50 December 12, 
    Kajaria     through   2025  2025
      stock 
      exchange 
(14) iv. The Company shall not buyback locked-in shares and non-transferable shares or other specified securities till the 
pendency of the lock-in or till the shares or other specified securities become transferable; 
 xvi. The Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be compulsorily cancelled and will not be held for re-issuance;
 The Board of the Company has confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and 
has formed the opinion that:  v. The Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares purchased 
through the Buyback to the Capital Redemption Reserve Account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in 
its subsequent audited financial statements; 
 viii. The Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through negotiated deal whether on or off the 
stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation of the 
Buyback; 
 ix. There is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the provisions of 
the Companies Act, as on date; 
 x. The ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall not be more than twice the 
paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves after the Buyback based on the audited standalone or consolidated 
audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower 
amount; 10. Confirmations from the Company as per the provisions of the SEBI Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act 
 xiii. The Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the Equity Shares bought back 
by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed in the manner prescribed under the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelines;
 xiv. The Company , as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make any further issue of the 
same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act or other specified securities within a period of six months after the completion of the Buyback except by way of 
bonus shares or equity shares issued in order to discharge subsisting obligations such as stock option scheme;
 xvii. The Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior consent of its lenders, if any, in case of 
breach of any covenant with such lenders;
 xviii. The Buyback will not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (collectively referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). vii. All the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid-up; 
 xv. The special resolution approving the Buyback will be valid for a maximum period of one year from the date of passing 
of the said special resolution (or such extended period as may be permitted under the Companies Act or the SEBI 
Buyback Regulations or by the appropriate authorities). The exact timetable for the Buyback shall be decided by the 
Board/Buyback Committee within the above time limits; i. The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other securities (including by way of bonus) till the date of expiry of 
the Buyback period; 
 ii. The Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year, from the expiry of the Buyback period, except in 
discharge of subsisting obligations; 
 iii. The Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after the Public Announcement of the offer to Buyback is made; 
 xi. The Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its own Equity Shares through any subsidiary company 
including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment company or group of investment companies;
 xii. The Company is in compliance with the provisions of Section 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the Companies Act; vi. The Company confirms that there are no defaults subsisting in repayment of deposits or interest thereon, redemption 
of debentures or interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend or repayment of any 
term loans or interest payable thereon to any shareholder or financial institution or banking company , as the case may 
be; 
11. Confirmation from the Board 
 i. Immediately following the date of the Board Meeting, and the date on which the result of members’  resolution passed 
by way of Postal Ballot (“Postal Ballot Resolution ”) will be declared, approving the Buyback, there will be no 
grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its debts; 
(15) ii. As regards the Company’ s prospects for the year immediately following the date of the Board Meeting approving the 
Buyback as well as for the year immediately following the date of Postal Ballot Resolution, and having regard to the 
Board’ s intention with respect to the management of Company’ s business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources which will in the Board’ s view be available to the Company during that year, the 
Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period 
of one year from the date of the Board Meeting or also from the date of Postal Ballot Resolution; and
 Kajaria Ceramics Limited iii. In forming an opinion as aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including prospective and 
contingent liabilities), as if the Company was being wound up under the provisions of the Companies Act/Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as amended from time to time, as applicable.
12. Report addressed to the Board of Directors by the Company’ s Auditors on the Permissible Capital Payment and 
the opinion formed by the Directors regarding insolvency 
 The text of the Report dated April 30, 2026 of M/s Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Statutory Auditors of the Company , 
addressed to the Board of the Company is reproduced below:
 Quote
 Independent Auditor ’s Report on proposed buy-back of equity shares pursuant to the requirements of clause (xi) 
of the Schedule I to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018
 The Board of Directors To,
 Mathura Road, New Delhi-1 10044
  Management’ s Responsibility for the Statement
 3. The preparation of the Statement in accordance with the requirements of section 68(2)(c) of the Act and ensuring 
compliance with the SEBI buy-back regulations, is the responsibility of the management of the Company , including 
the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This 
responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation 
and presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making estimates that are 
reasonable in the circumstances.
 4. The Board of Directors is also responsible to make a full inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and to 
form an opinion on reasonable grounds that the Company will be able to pay its debts  from the date of Board meeting 
at which the proposal for buy-back was approved; and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from 
the date of the Board meeting at which the proposal for buy-back was approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Company and in forming the opinion, it has taken into account the liabilities (including prospective and contingent 
liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the Act or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code 2016. Further , a declaration is required to be signed by at least two directors of the Company in this respect in 
accordance with the requirements of the section 68 (6) of the Act and the SEBI buy-back regulations.
  Auditor ’s Responsibility
 5. Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI buy-back regulations, it is our responsibility to provide reasonable 
assurance on whether:
  a) we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026; 1. This report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated 24 April 2026 with Kajaria Ceramics 
Limited (the “Company”). J1/B1 (Extn.), Mohan Co-op Industrial Estate (Opp. Badarpur Thermal Power Station)
 2. The management of the Company has prepared the accompanying Annexure A- Statement of permissible capital 
payment as on 31 March 2026 (‘the Statement’) pursuant to the proposed buy-back of equity shares approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on 30 April 2026, in accordance with the provisions of 
sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-
Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (‘the SEBI buy-back regulations’). The Statement contains the computation of 
amount of permissible capital payment towards buy-back of equity shares in accordance with the requirements of 
section 68(2)(c) of the Act and based on the latest audited consolidated and standalone financial statements for the 
year ended 31 March 2026. We have initialed the Statement for identification purposes only. 
  b) the amount of permissible capital payment, as stated in the Statement, has been properly determined 
(16)  c) the audited financial statements, on the basis of which calculation with reference to buy-back is done, are not 
more than six months old from the date of offer document; and
  d) whether the Board of Directors of the Company , in its meeting dated 30 April 2026, has formed the opinion as 
specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy-back regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the 
Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the 
aforesaid date.
 6. The audited financial statements, referred to in paragraph 5 above, have been audited by us, on which we have 
issued unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated 30 April 2026. Our audit of these financial statements was 
conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(the ‘ICAI’). Those Standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Such audit was not planned and performed in 
connection with any transactions to identify matters that maybe of potential interest to third parties.
 7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the ‘Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for 
Special Purposes’  (‘Guidance Note’), issued by the ICAI. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical 
requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
 8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality 
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and 
Related Services Engagements, issued by the ICAI.
  a) Inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 March 2026;
  b) Examined authorisation for buy back from the Articles of Association of the Company; 
  d) Examined that the ratio of secured and unsecured debt owed by the Company , if any, is not more than twice the 
capital and its free reserves after such buy-back;considering the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 in accordance with section 
68(2)(c) of the Act; 
  c) Agreed the balance of the Statement of Profit and Loss, Securities Premium Account and General Reserve as 
at 31 March 2026 as disclosed in the Statement with the audited financial statements;
  e) Examined that all the shares for buy-back are fully paid-up; 9. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain suf ficient appropriate evidence on 
the matters mentioned in paragraph 5 above. The procedures selected depend on the auditor ’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks associated with the matters mentioned in paragraph 5 above. We have performed the 
following procedures in relation to the matters mentioned in paragraph 5 above:
  k) Obtained appropriate representations from the management of the Company .
 Opinion  h) Examined minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors;
  j) Verified the arithmetical accuracy of the Statement; and  f) Examined that the amount of capital payment for the buy-back as detailed in the Statement is within the 
permissible limit computed in accordance with section 68(2)(c) of the Act; 
 10. Based on our examination as above and the information, explanations and representations provided to us by the 
management, in our opinion:
  b) the amount of the permissible capital payment towards the proposed buy-back of equity shares as computed in   a) we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026;  i) Examined the Directors’  declarations for the purpose of buy-back and solvency of the Company;   g) Inquired if the Board of Directors of the Company , in its meeting held on 30 April 2026 has formed the opinion as 
specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy-back regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the 
Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the 
aforesaid date of the board meeting;
(17)Date:  30 April 2026Firm Registration No.: 001076N/N500013  c) the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, on the basis of which calculation with reference 
to buy-back is done, are not more than six months old from the date of offer document; and
UDIN: 26507000GNSOND4831  d) the Board of Directors of the Company , in its meeting held on 30 April 2026 has formed opinion as specified in 
clause (x) of Schedule I to the SEBI buy-back regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the Company , 
having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the aforesaid 
date.
 11. Our work was performed solely to assist you in meeting your responsibilities in relation to your compliance with the 
provisions of section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the SEBI buy-back regulations, pursuant to the 
proposed buy-back of equity shares. Our obligations in respect of this report are entirely separate from, and our 
responsibility and liability is in no way changed by, any other role we may have had as auditors of the Company or 
otherwise. Nothing in this report, nor anything said or done in the course of or in connection with the services that are 
the subject of this report, will extend any duty of care we may have in our capacity as auditors of the Company .
Partnerthe accompanying Statement, is properly determined in accordance with the requirements of section 68(2)(c) 
of the Act based on the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026; 
  Restriction on distribution or use
 12. This report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling it 
to comply with the aforesaid requirements and to include this report, pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI buy-
back regulations, (a) in the public announcement to be made to the shareholders of the Company , (b) in the draft letter 
of offer and the letter of of fer to be filed with the Registrar of Companies, Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
National Stock Exchange and BSE Limited, as required by the SEBI buy-back regulations, the Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited, National Securities Depository Limited and (iii) for providing to the manager(s) to the buy-
back, each for the purpose of extinguishment of equity shares. Accordingly , this report may not be suitable for any 
other purpose, and therefore, should not be used, referred to or distributed for any other purpose or to any other party 
without our prior written consent. Accordingly , we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any 
other purpose for which or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come without 
our prior consent in writing.
Chartered Accountants
Membership No. 507000 For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP
Manish Agrawal
Place:  New Delhi
(18)  (15,92,72,290 Equity Shares of ` 1 each fully paid up) 15.93 15.93
  Securities premium account 184.56 184.56
 Total of Paid-up Equity Share Capital and Free Reserves (A+B)  3,006.17 2,889.1 1
Note1 :The above calculation of the total paid-up equity share capital and free reserves as at 31 March 2026 for buyback of equity 
shares is based on the amounts appearing in the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2026. These financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made thereunder , each as amended from time to time.Statement of determination of the permissible capital payment towards Buy-back of Equity Shares (“the Statement”) in 
accordance with Section 68 (2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulations 4 and 5 of the SEBI Buy-back Regulations
 Particulars as on 31 March 2026 Consolidated Standalone
 (25% of the total paid-up Equity Capital and free reserves) 
 dated 30 April 2026                                                                                                                   `  296.70 crore   
Kajaria Ceramics Limited   Surplus in statements of profit and loss  2,483.10 2,366.05ANNEXURE A
 A. Paid-up Equity Share Capital 
  Total Free Reserves 2,990.24 2873.18
 of the Act and Regulation 4(i) of the SEBI Buyback Regulations 
Sanjeev Agarwal       Statement of permissible capital payment as on 31 March 2026 ('the Statement')
(Amount in ` crores)
 B. Free Reserves*
  General reserve 322.58 322.57
 Maximum amount permissible for buyback under Section 68(2)( c) 751.54 722.28 
 Buyback amount approved by the Board of Directors as per resolution                       Amount not exceeding 
*Free reserves as defined in Section 2(43) of the Companies Act, 2013 read along with Explanation II provided in Section 68 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, as amended.
Note 2: The aforesaid Statement has been prepared in connection with the proposed buy-back of upto 21.50 lakhs equity shares 
at a price of `1380/- per share aggregating upto ` 296.70 Crores. The shares proposed for buy-back have been determined in 
accordance with the provisions including Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 4 to the SEBI Buyback 
Regulations.
Note 3: The Board of Directors have in their meeting dated 30 April 2026, formed opinion that the Company , having regard to its 
state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the aforesaid date.
Place:         New Delhi                     
Date: 30 April 2026
UnquoteFor and on behalf of    
Chief Financial Officer    
     ForKajaria Ceramics Limited All the material documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice (viz. Board Resolution) will be available, electronically , for the 
inspection by shareholders of the Company , till the last date of remote e-voting specified in the Postal Ballot Notice. Shareholders 
seeking to inspect the same can send an email to investors@kajariaceramics.com. The Memorandum & Articles of Association 
of the Company is already available at the Company’ s website, i.e. www .kajariaceramics.com.
In the opinion of the Board of the Company , the proposal for the Buyback is in the interest of the Company and its shareholders 
holding Equity Shares of the Company . The Board of the Company , therefore, recommend the Special Resolution as set out in 
the Postal Ballot Notice for approval by the shareholders of the Company . 
     By order of the Board 
     Vinit Kumar
     General Counsel and Company Secretary
    [FCS No. ]  6789
Place: New Delhi 
Date:  30, 2026AprilNone of the Directors or any Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives are in anyway , concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, either directly or indirectly in passing of the said resolution, save and except to the extent of 
their respective interest as the shareholders of the Company , as applicable. 
(19)