 
 
 
 
 
September  01, 202 6 CS&G/STX/ SQ202 6/29 
1) National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Symbol: KFINTECH  2) BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543720  
 
Sub.  : Composite Scheme of Amalgamation  
Ref. : Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”)  
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions  of the LODR Regulations , this is to inform 
that the Board of Directors of KFin Technologies Limited (“ Company ”) at its meeting held today i.e., 
September  01, 202 6, has inter -alia approv ed the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation of WebileApps 
(India) Private Limited (“ WebileApps ”) and Hexagram Fintech Private Limited (“ Hexagram ”), 
wholly -owned subsidiaries of the Company and WebileApps Technology Services Private Limited 
(“WebileApps Tech ”), step down subsidiary of the Company [hereinafter collectively referred to as 
the “ Transferor Companies ”], with and into KFin Technologies Limited, pursuant to Section 230 to 
232 and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
The Scheme is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals , as may be applicable , 
including  sanction by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal under Sections 230 and 232 of 
the Companies  Act, 2013.  
The Board meeting commenced at 03:00 p.m. and concluded at 0 5:30 p.m. 
Details as required to be disclosed as per the LODR Regulations read with SEBI’s Master Circular 
No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, are enclosed herewith as 
Annexure – A. 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For KFin Technologies Limited  
Alpana Kundu  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No.: F10191  
Encl.: a/a  
 
 
 
 
Annexure – A 
Details as required to be disclosed as per the LODR Regulations read with SEBI’s Master 
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026  
Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc. Transferor Company:  WebileApps (India) Private Limited 
(“WebileApps  / Transferor Company 1 ”) and Hexagram Fintech 
Private Limited (“Hexagram  / Transferor Company 2 ”), wholly -
owned subsidiaries of the Company and WebileApps Technology 
Services Private Limited (“WebileApps Tech  / Transferor Company 
3”), step down subsidiary of the Company.  
Transferee Company: KFin Technologies Limited (“Transferee 
Company” or “KFin”).  
Details as of June 30, 2026 on standalone basis:  
(Rs. in cr ores) 
Particulars  WebileApps  Hexagram  WebileApps 
Tech  KFin  
Paid up 
Capital  0.19 16.99  0.01 172.8 3 
Net Worth  17.82  23.59  0.45 1,736.51 
Total 
Income  16.22  4.45 0.00 296.54  
 
Whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”  Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries and step -down 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company and accordingly are related to 
each other.  
However, the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation does not fall within 
the purview of related party transactions  pursuant to the clarification 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, vide its General Circular No. 
30/2014 dated July 17, 2014.  
Further, pursuant to Regulation 23(5)(b) of the LODR  Regulations, 
related party transaction provisions are not applicable to the said 
Scheme, as the same is between the holding company and its wholly 
owned subsidiary & step -down subsidiary . 
Area of business of the 
entities  ▪ Transferee Company is engaged in the business of providing a 
comprehensive suite of tech -enabled investor solutions, including 
acting as a Registrar for Public Issues of Securities and Securities 
Transfers, managing back -office operations for mutual fund 
houses, and handling data processing activities.  
▪ Transferor Company 1 is engaged in the business of providing 
software product design and development services.  
▪ Transferor Company 2 is engaged in providing software product 
development, solution and services in all its forms to its group 
 
 
 
 
companies.  
▪ Transferor Company 3 is engaged in the business of providing 
software product design and development services.  
Rationale for   
amalgamation  / merger  The proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgamation  of the Transferor 
Companies with the Transferee Company is expected to streamline 
the group structure by reducing the number of legal entities and 
simplifying operations. The consolidation will enable better 
management oversight, operational synergies and cost efficiencies, 
thereby enhancing growth and profitability. It will facilitate optimum 
utilization of financial, managerial, technological and human 
resources while eliminating duplication of functions and overhead 
costs. The combined entity is also expected to benefit from improved 
cash management and greater financial flexibility to pursue future 
business opportunities. Further, the Scheme is expected to create 
enhanced growth prospects for employees and be in the overall 
interest of all stakeholders. The Scheme does not affect the rights of 
shareholders or creditors, as no new shares are proposed to be issued, 
there is no change in the capital structure of the Transferee Company, 
and creditor obligations will continue to be honoured in the ordinary 
course of business. The Scheme is therefore considered beneficial and 
in the best interests of all stakeholders.  
In case of cash 
consideration – amount   
or   otherwise   share 
exchange ratio  Not applicable since the Transferor Companies are wholly owned 
subsidiaries and step -down subsidiary of the Transferee Company. 
Accordingly, upon the Scheme becoming effective, no shares of the 
Transferee Company shall be allotted, nor any other consideration be 
paid in lieu or exchange of the holding of the Transferee Company in 
Transferor Companies.  
Brief   details   of   
change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of listed 
entity  There  will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the Company 
pursuant to the Scheme as the Transferor Companies are wholly 
owned subsidiaries and step -down subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company and accordingly there shall not be any share issuance by the 
Transferee Company.  
 