 
 
Kitex Garments Limited  
(CIN: L18101KL1992PLC006528)  
Regd. Office : Building No.  VI/496 , Kizhakkambalam,  
Vilangu P.O , Aluva, Ernakulam  – 683561, Kerala  
Phone: 91 484 2585000, Fax:  91 484 2680604  
Email: sect@kitexgarments.com  
Website: www.kitexgarments.com  
 
Ref: KGL/SE/ 2026-27/JUL/02 
July 10, 202 6 
  
To,  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001,  
Maharashtra, India  
Scrip Code : 521248  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department,  
Exch ange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India  
Symbol :  KITEX  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Sub :-  Addendum to Notice of the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Kitex Garments 
Limited (‘Company’) purs uant to the directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Kochi Bench (‘Tribunal’)  
Ref : - Intimation of Notice for convening of the Meetings of the Equity Shareholders and 
Unsecured Creditors of Kitex Garments Limited  (‘Company’) pursuant to th e directions 
of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Kochi  Bench (‘Tribunal’) dated June 
23, 2026  
Further to our above mentioned intimation wherein we had informed about the meeting of Equity 
Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors of K itex Garments Limited (‘Company’) pursuant to the 
directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Kochi Bench (‘Tribunal’) , we attach 
herewith an Addendum to the Notice of meeting of Equity Shareholders  of the Company.  
The Addendum is being sent to all Equity Shareholders of the  Company as on the cut -off date, i.e, 
May 29, 2026 by the same mode as the original notice, in compliance with the Tribunal’s directions 
and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Companies (Compromises, Arrange ments 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. This Addendum is also being filed with BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and uploaded on the company's website at 
https://www.kitexgarments.com/ . 
We request you to take the above on record.  
Thankin g you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Kitex Garments Limited  
 
 
Dayana Joseph  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
 
 
 
 
  
Kitex Garments Limited  
(CIN: L18101KL1992PLC006528)  
Regd. Office: Building No. VI/496, Kizhakkambalam,  
Vilangu P.O,  Aluva, Ernakulam – 683561, Kerala  
Phone: 91 484 2585 000, Fax:  91 484 2680604  
Email: sect@kitexgarments.com    
Website: www.kitexgarments.com  
 
ADDENDUM TO THE NOTICE CONVENING THE MEETING OF THE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS OF KITEX GARMENTS LIMITED  
(Convened pursuant to the Order of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Kochi Bench  dated 
January 22, 2026  in Company Application No. CA (CAA) NO. 01/KO B/ 2026 ) 
In the matter of the Companies Act, 2013  
and 
In the matter  of Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies A ct, 2013 and  
other applicable provisions of the C ompanies Act, 2013 read with the  
Companies ( Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 20 16 
and 
In the matter of Kitex Childrenswear Limited  
and K itex Garments Limited  
and 
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement between  
 Kitex Childrenswear Limited and Kitex Garments Limited  
and their respective shareholders and creditors  
 
This Addendum is iss ued in continuation of, and should be read along with, the Original Notice dated 
June 10, 2026 , the Explanatory Statement, and Annexures to the Notice convening the meeting of the 
Equity Shareh olders of Kitex Garments Limited scheduled on Friday, July 24, 2026 at 11:00 AM (IST), 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”)  for considering the 
Scheme of Arrangement between Kitex Childrenswear Limited and Kitex Garments Limited and their 
respective shareholders and creditors  (“Scheme” ), under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) . 
Members be informed that, t he following information  under Clause 54 of Explanatory Statement to the 
notice convening the meeting of equity shareho lders of Kitex Garments Lim ited, is now furnished as 
an addendum : 
 
54(xii)  Applicable additional i nformation submitted by Kitex Garments Limited  to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE)  as per Anne xure M of the NSE checklist, in accordance with 
the NSE Observation Letter, e nclosed as Annexure  – 21. 
 
Save and except as expressly stated in this Addendum, all other disclosures  and particulars contained 
in the original Notice dated June 10, 2026, the Explanatory Statement, and Annexures to the Notice 
remain unchanged and shall c ontinue to apply  in full force.  
The Addendum is being sent to all Equity Shareholders of the Company as on the cut -off date of May 
29, 2026 by the same mode as the original notice , in compliance with the Tribunal’s directions and 
applicable provisions of t he Companies Act, 2013, the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016  and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. This Addendum is also being filed with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited and uploaded  on the company's website  at https://www.kitexgarments.com/ . 
Sd/- 
Mr. Sabu M Jacob  
DIN: 00046016  
 (Managing Director of Kitex Garments Limited)  
Place: Kochi     
Date: 08.07.2026  
 
 
  
Kitex Garments Limited  
(CIN: L18101KL1992PLC006528)  
Regd. Office: Building No. VI/496, Kizhakkambalam,  
Vilangu P.O,  Aluva, Ernakulam – 683561, Kerala  
Phone: 91 484 2585 000, Fax:  91 484 2680604  
Email: sect@kitexgarments.com    
Website: www.kitexgarments.com  
 
Annexure - 21 
 
Details of applicable additional in formation submitted by Kitex Garments Limited to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) as per Annexure M of the NSE checklist  are as follows:  
 
Sl No  Particulars  Annexure  
1 Details of assets, liabilities, revenue and net worth of the 
companies inv olved in the scheme, both pre and post 
scheme of arrangement, along with a write up on the 
history of the demerged undertaking/Transferor Company 
certified by Chartered Accountant (CA).  Annexure 21A  
2 List of comparable companies considered for comparable  
companies’ multiple method.  Annexure 21B  
3 Share Capital built -up in case of scheme of arrangement 
involving unlisted entity/entities, certified by CA.  Annexure 21C  
4 Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA (in value and percentage 
terms) details of entities involved i n the scheme for all the 
number of years considered for valuation. Reasons 
justifying the EBIDTA/PAT margin considered in the 
valuation report.  Annexure 21D  
5  Any action taken/pending by Govt./Regulatory 
body/Agency against all the entities involved in th e 
scheme.  
 Confirmation from Company that the scheme is in 
compliance with the applicable securities laws.  
 Confirmation that the arrangement proposed in the 
scheme is yet to be executed.  Annexure 21 E 
6 Part-B – Scheme of Arrangement in PPT Form  
 Annexure 2 1F 
 
 
Annexure 21A

 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure 21B
 
 
 
 

Annexure 21C
Annexure 21D
Annexure 21E
Scheme of Arrangement- Kitex Garments Limited (KGL / Resultant Company) with Kitex Childrenswear Limited 
(KCL / Demerged Company)
Public
KGLPromoters
43.4% 40.7%
70%
KAPLKCL100%
Demerger1
30%15.9%
Demerged 
Undertaking
Other subsidiaries* Kitex USA, LLC50% 50%100%Transaction Structure Resultant Structure
Public Promoters
100%KGL
Kitex USA, LLCKCL100%
10.89%
KAPLOther 
Subsidiaries*100%59.46% 29.65%
*Other Subsidiaries 
 Kitex Building Systems Limited, Kitex Infantswear Limited, Kitex Herbals Limited & Kitex Building Systems LLC FZ
KAPL 
 Kitex Apparel Parks LimitedAnnexure 21F
Kitex Childrenswear
Limited-Pre demerger
Demerged 
undertaking+ 
Demerged CompanyKitex Childrenswear
Limited- Demerger
Demerged undertakingKitex Childrenswear
Limited-Post demerger
Demerged Company
Demerged undertaking- Manufacturing of infant wear garments at the manufacturing facility at Kizhakkambalam, 
Kochi Kerala + investment in textile manufacturing activity of Kitex Apparel Parks Limited where KCL holds 30% 
equity and investment in distribution company Kitex USA LLC where KCL holds 50% equity stake
Demerged Company- Investments by KCL in various subsidiary companies including outstanding advances, 
investment in equity of Kitex Garments Limited and the investment in land and buildingA) Kitex Childrenswear Limited

B) Kitex Garments Limited
Kitex Garments Limited-
Pre arrangement
Kitex Garments LimitedKitex Garments Limited-
Scheme of arrangement
Kitex Garments Limited 
+Demerged undertakingKitex Garments Limited-
Post demerger
Resultant Company- KGL 
Pre + Demerged 
undertaking
Kitex Garments Limited is a major global player in the infant garment manufacturing exporting to global top 
ten customers like William Carters, Gerber, Samsclub, LAT.  Demerged undertaking is also engaged in the 
same field. The scheme of arrangement of consolidating the textile manufacturing division into KGL will help 
the business grow and gain better market share. Kitex Apparel Parks Limited and Kitex USA LLC will also 
become 100% subsidiary of Kitex Garments Limited. Both these companies are exclusively into garment 
manufacturing/ distribution. 
Resultant Company- Kitex Garments Limited + Demerged undertaking  which includes textile manufacturing 
of Kitex Childrenswear Limited + 30% stake in Kitex Apparel Parks Limited + 50% stake in Kitex USA LLC. 

Scheme of Arrangement
Kitex Garments Limited(KGL) registered address is at Building No.VI/496, Kizhakkambalam, Vilangu PO, Aluva, Ernakulam- 683561. KGL is 
engaged primarily into manufacturing of infant garments as label manufacturer for global companies like William Carters, Gerber, Samsclub, 
LAT. These customers are engaged with the company for a long time because of consistent delivery of quality goods at competitive prices. It 
has 42 garment manufacturing lines and employs around 4900 employees. KGL has always considered giving back to society and 
contributes much more than the required 2% CSR. The turnover of the company for FY 2024 was Rs.617 crore which is expected to touch 
Global drive by US and Europe customers to move out of China which is the dominant player today along with turmoil in Bangladesh has 
opened up huge potential for India. There is huge demand for textile garment manufacturing and customers are scouting for capacity to 
ensure supply. 
Kitex Childrenswear Limited which has its registered office at Building no.494, Kizhakkambalam, Vilangu PO, Aluva, Ernakulam- 683 561.  
The company is also into manufacture of infant textiles wear and fully exports its products to USA- mainly to customer name The Childrens
Place. It has 56 production lines which it has been traditionally using for own revenue as well as for KGL as job work with final revenue 
booked in KGL. It also employs around 4900 employees. As sustainability, it spends funds on CSR more than the statutory limit.  Revenue for 
Considering the huge demand for capacity, KCL has decided to use its full capacity for its own revenue
Objective of the scheme :
The main objective of the scheme is for consolidation of Textile business division of KCL in KGL for better growth so that Kitex Childrenswear 
Limited can concentrate on its other core activities

Rationale of the scheme:
The Demerged Company is inter-alia engaged in two business verticals, namely Textile Business Division (defined herein) and Remaining
Business (defined herein). The nature of risks, returns, growth and competition involved in each such undertaking are distinct and
requires attribution of dissimilar technical and managerial focus. The segregation of Textile Business Division of the Demerged Company
would allow the management to effectively cater to the independent growth plans (both through organic and inorganic means) by
enabling access to availability of increased resources. Moreover, the Resulting Company is engaged in the similar business and a pioneer
in the said field. The Board of Directors (defined herein) of the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company believe the following
benefits to accrue pursuant to the demerger of the Textile Business Division (Demerged Undertaking) of the Demerged Company into the
Resulting Company:
facilitate focused growth, operational efficiencies, business synergies and increased customer focus in relation to the Textile Business
Division
Enable each business to address independent business opportunities, pursue efficient capital allocation and attract different set of
investors, strategic partners, lenders and other stakeholders.
By Combining similar business activities under a single entity optimize business operations, achieve economies of scale, create
operational efficiency, common pool of production and better utilisation of resources
facilitate pursuit of scale and independent growth plans (organically and inorganically) with more focused management, flexibility and
liquidity for the shareholders;
insulating and de-risking the businesses from one another;

unlocking value for the over-all business portfolio through better price discovery of individual platforms.
Consequently, the proposed restructuring is expected to open-up windows to unlock value through potential
divestments and acquisitions to achieve the scale of business in respective subsidiaries as well;
providing scope for mitigation of overlapping services and enhancing the focus on independent business
growth strategies and expansion for each of the business undertakings.



Key points of the scheme;
I.
OPERATION
OF THE SCHEME
(i)
Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company are proposed to be demerged and transferred to Resulting Company to
achieve the objectives above, pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, other applicable provisions thereof, Section 2(19AA) of
the IT Act and the SEBI Scheme Circular.
(ii)
As consideration for the demerger of Demerged Undertaking, Resulting Company shall issue and allot New Equity Shares to the
equity shareholders of the Demerged Company based on Share Entitlement Ratio as mentioned in the Scheme in proportion to
their shareholding in the Demerged Company.

(a)The demerger of the Demerged Undertaking shall be in accordance with the conditions, if any, notified by the Central 
Government in this behalf.
(a)The transfer of the Demerged Undertaking to Resulting Company shall be on a going concern basis
(a)All the equity shareholders of the Demerged Company as on the Record Date shall become the equity shareholders of 
Resulting Company by virtue of the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking to Resulting Company
(a)Resulting Company shall issue, in consideration of the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking, New Equity Shares, to the 
equity shareholders of the Demerged Company as on the Record Date based on Share Entitlement Ratio on a proportionate 
basis
(a)All the properties and the liabilities relating to the Demerged Undertaking shall be transferred to Resulting Company, at the
value appearing in the books of accounts of the Demerged Company immediately before the demerger
(a)All the liabilities relating to the Demerged Undertaking, as on the Appointed Date shall become the liabilities of Resulting 
Company
(a)All the properties of the Demerged Undertaking as on the Appointed Date shall be transferred to and become the properties of
Resulting Company
(iii) Stepwise process involved in the Scheme