   
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited  
CIN No. L74899DL1992PLC049022  (Old)  
Registered Office:  Lemon Tree Corporate Park, Urban Complex, Ullahawas,  
Sector 60,  Gurugram, Haryana -122011  
Corporate Office: Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District, New Delhi -110037  
T +91 124  714 2310  |  E hi@lemontreehotels.com  
Central Reservation: +91 9911 701 701| www.lemontreehotels.com  
September 22 , 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: LEMONTREE  BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233  
 
Subject: Intimation regarding r eceipt of Observation Letters with ‘no 
objection’ from the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) and ‘no adverse observations’ from BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
in relation to the draft Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
involving Lemon Tree Hotels Limited (“LTH” or “Company”), Fleur 
Hotels Limited, Carnation Hotels Private Limited, Hamstede Living 
Private Limited, Oriole Dr. Fresh Hotels Private Limited, Canary 
Hotels Private Limited, Sukhsagar Complexes Private Limited a nd 
Manakin Resorts Private Limited and their respective 
shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
applicable Rules thereunder (“Scheme”)  
 
Ref.:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
This is in furtherance of our earlier intimation dated January 9, 2026, wherein the 
Company had informed the BSE and NSE (collectively, the “ Exchanges ”) that the 
Board of Directors (“ Board ”) of the Company had approved the Scheme, subject to 
receipt of necessary regulatory and other approvals, as may be required. 
Subsequently, we had intimated the Exchanges vide intimations made on April 7, 
2026 and May 23, 2026  respectively , regarding the receipt of approval from the 
Competition Commission of India (“CCI”) in connection with the Scheme and the 
receipt of the detailed order in respect thereof.  
 
The Company had also filed an application with the Exchanges , as required under 
Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations ”) on February 2, 2026 , seeking their 
Observation  / No Objection to the proposed Scheme.  
 
In this regard, we wish to inform you that the Company has received the 
Observation Letter s with  ‘no objection ’ from the NSE and  ‘no adverse observations’ 
from the BSE on September 22, 2026  vide their respective letters , pursuant to 
Regulation 37 of the Listing Regulations , in relation to the Scheme . The validity of 
the said Observation letters is six months from the date of their issuance, within 
which the Scheme will have to be submitted to NCLT.  
   
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited  
CIN No. L74899DL1992PLC049022  (Old)  
Registered Office:  Lemon Tree Corporate Park, Urban Complex, Ullahawas,  
Sector 60,  Gurugram, Haryana -122011  
Corporate Office: Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District, New Delhi -110037  
T +91 124  714 2310  |  E hi@lemontreehotels.com  
Central Reservation: +91 9911 701 701| www.lemontreehotels.com  
 
The Scheme remains subject to receipt of such other statutory and regulatory 
approvals,  including from the Hon’ble NCLT, the respective shareholders / creditors 
of the Companies involved in the Scheme, as may be applicable . 
 
The copies of said letters are enclosed herewith and are also available on the website 
of the Company at https://investors.lemontreehotels.com/composite -scheme -of-
arrangement.html   
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You , 
 
 
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pawan Kumar Kumawat  
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
M. No: A25377  
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                           September  22, 2026  
 
The Company Secretary , 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited  
                                  Dear Sir /Madam , 
 Sub: Observation Letter for draft Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Lemon Tree Hotels Limited (“LTH”) and Fleur Hotels Limited (“Transferee Company”) and Carnation Hotels Private Limited (“Transferor Company 1”) and Hamstede Living Private Limited (“Transferor Company 2”) and O riole Dr. Fresh Hotels Private Limited (“Transferor 
Company 3”) and Canary Hotels Private Limited (“Transferor Company 4”) and Sukhsagar Complexes Private Limited (“Transferor Company 5”) and Manakin Resorts Private Limited 
(“Transferor Company 6”) and their respective shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with applicable rules made thereunder.  
 We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Lemon Tree Hotels Limited .  
 Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/
 53241 dated  July 9, 2026, submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
SEBI vide its letter dated September  22, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the 
draft scheme of arrangement:   a) The Company shall ensure  that t he proposed Draft Scheme shall be in compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation 11 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
b) The Company shall ensure  that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any 
changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s), without specific written consent of SEBI except those mandated by the regulators/ 
authorities/  tribunal.  
 
c) The Company shall ensure  that the entities involved in the Draft Scheme have complied with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, covenants of the Debenture  
Trust Deeds entered with the Debenture Trustee(s) (if applicable) and all other applicable 
regulations, circulars and master circulars. 
 
d) The Company shall ensure  that the observations of SEBI and Stock Exchange(s) shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before the NCLT and that the listed entity is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of the NCLT.  
  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                                       September  22, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 e) The Company shall ensure  that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication and recovery 
proceedings, prosecution and all other enforcement actions taken, if any, against the companies 
involved in the scheme and their promoters and directors before the NCLT and shareholders, while 
seeking approval of the Draft Scheme.  
 
f) The Company shall ensure  that the information pertaining to the unlisted companies involved in 
the Draft Scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in 
Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or not ice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval. 
 
g) The Company shall ensure  that the financials in the Draft Scheme, including the financials 
considered for valuation report are not older 6 months. 
 
h) The Company shall ensure  that additional information, if any, submitted by the listed entity after 
filing the scheme with the Stock Exchange(s), from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed entity and the stock exchanges. 
 
i) The Company shall ensure  that the scheme shall be acted upon subject to the listed entity 
complying with relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
 
j) The Company shall ensure  that the equity shares proposed to be issued in terms of the scheme, if 
any, shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
k) The Company shall ensure  to disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the companies to their shareholders while seeking approval under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013:  
 
1. Brief explanation of the scheme  
2. Need for the scheme, rationale of the scheme, synergies of business of the entities involved in the scheme, impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
3. A detailed explanation of the impact of the scheme on shareholders, including any dilution or change in rights, impact on revenue generating capacity of listed entity. 
4. A cost -benefit analysis outlining the anticipated benefits versus associated costs of the 
scheme.  
5. The latest financials of companies involved, not older than 6 months from the date of Stock Exchange NOC, to be hosted on the listed entity’s website and also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement.  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                                       September  22, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 6. Details about the valuation including details of the registered valuer issuing valuation 
report and the merchant banker issuing fairness opinion, along with a summary of the 
methods considered for arriving at the share exchange ratio, rationale for adopting such 
methods, basis, key assumptions and justifications for growth rate considered for valuation, along with all the documents relied upon by the valuer for issuing the valuation report. 
7. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue, PAT and EBITDA of the companies involved, pre and post scheme and also for last 3 financial years. 
8. Value of assets and liabilities of the Amalgamating Companies and Demerged Undertaking that are being transferred to the Transferee Company and post -scheme 
balance sheet of the Transferee Company.  
9. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of companies involved in the scheme as on the date of notice of shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of draft scheme to issuance of notice to shareholders. 
10. Promoter -wise as well as aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group in 
companies involved in the scheme, before and after giving effect to the scheme, along with the corresponding impact on public shareholding. 
11. Capital build- up for last 3 years of companies involved in the scheme.  
12. Details of all initiated, pending or concluded regulatory actions against the companies involved in the scheme and its promoters, directors and KMPs, and possible impact of the same on the said companies and their public shareholders. 
13. Details of complaints received by the companies with respect to the scheme and the status thereof.  
14. Conditions imposed by lenders, if any . 
15. Details of pending approvals from sectoral regulators, if any. 
16. Details of the proposed reclassification of Promoter and promoter Group entities in the following format, if applicable:  
Name of 
the Share -
holder  Shares held 
in 
Transferor Company  Shares 
held in 
Transferee Company  Share Exchange Ratio  No. of 
shares being 
allotted in 
Transferee Company  Classification in 
Transferee 
Company post 
scheme (Promoter/ 
Public)  Detailed justification for classification  
       
 
l) It is to be noted that a petition is filed before the NCLT by the entities involved in the Draft Scheme 
after SEBI has provided its comments on the Draft Scheme. Hence, the entities are not required to 
send notice for representation under Section 230(5) of  the Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI for its 
comments / observations / representations.    
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                                       September  22, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 m) The Company shall ensure  to disclose the No -Objection letter(s) of the Stock Exchange(s) on its 
website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information pertaining to the Draft Scheme  to SEBI , 
in accordance with the Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the 
same has been cleared or approved by SEB I. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEB I/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its comments/observations/representations.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Fleur Hotels Limited  is 
at the discretion of the Exchange.  
 The listing of Fleur Hotels Limited to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to  SEBI approval & 
Company satisfying the following conditions:  
 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Fleur Hotels 
Limited and its group companies in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for public 
issues with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for making the same available to 
the public through website of the companies. The following lines must be in serted as a disclaimer 
clause in the Information Memorandum:  
  
   
 
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                                       September  22, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 “The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the 
Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or 
endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Fleur Hotels 
Limited , its promoters, its management etc.”  
 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information Fleur Hotels Limited in line with the details required as per SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the company as well as NSE. 
 
3. To disclose all the material information about Fleur Hotels Limited to NSE on continuous basis 
to make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries  
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:  
 
a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.”  
b) “There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in Fleur Hotels Limited 
between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this approval.”  
 
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Fleur Hotels Limited 
shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading in securities 
commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon’ble High Court/NCLT, simultaneously 
on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the  listed entity (or transfer entity) are/were listed. 
Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict adherence to said timeline.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies ) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the 
No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from September  22, 2026, within which 
the Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
 
 
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53241                                       September  22, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet  
 Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
 
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble   
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues- main -sme-checklist   
 The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application. The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ Play store with the name “NEAPS APP  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 22, 2026 17:29:00 IST
Location: NSE




