Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)                   
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector - 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009  
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020  
Website: www.lenskart.com , Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com , Phone No: 0124 – 4293191  
CIN — L331 00DL2008PLC178355  
 
Date: July 2, 2026  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai - 400 051  
  
Scrip Symbol: LENSKART                                                               BSE Limited   
Department of Corporate Services,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, Fort,   
Mumbai - 400 001  
  
Scrip Code: 544600    
                                                                  
Sub.: Outcome of the Board Meeting  
Ref: Regulation s 30 and 37 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) read with Schedule III thereto  
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
In reference to captioned subject  and further to o ur letter dated May 20,  2026 , we hereby inform you that the Board 
of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held  today i.e.  July 2, 2026, commenced at 0 2:30 PM (IST) and 
concluded at 03:44  PM (IST) , has inter- alia, considered :   
 
1. Approved the  Scheme of Amalgamation of Dealskart Online Services Private Limited (“ Transferor Company 
No. 1 ”) and Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited (“ Transferor Company No. 2 ”), wholly -owned subsidiaries of the 
Company,  with and into Lenskart Solutions Limited (“ Transferee Company ”) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors (“ Scheme ”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, subject to receipt of requisite statut ory and regulatory approvals.  
 
In accordance with Regulation 37 of the SEBI LODR Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular bearing 
reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, the Scheme falls under the category 
of schemes exempt from obtaining a No -Objection Letter from the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, the Company 
is submitting the Scheme and the Board Resolution approving the Scheme with the Stock Exchanges for 
disclosure purposes.  
 
Accordingly, following documents are enclosed  as Annexure  – 1: 
a. Scheme of Amalgamation;  
b. Certified True Copy of the Resolution passed by the Board of Directors approving the Scheme.  
             
The details required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular 
bearing reference no. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 are enclosed 
herewith as Annexure – 2.  
 
2. Approved the inco rporation of a Joint Venture Company in India with Mingfeng Glassesworld Limited, China 
(“MGL ”), pursuant to a strategic partnership between the parties.  
 
The proposed Joint Venture will be engaged in the business of manufacturing metal spectacle frames in  India 
with the objective of strengthening the Company's manufacturing capabilities, enhancing supply chain 
efficiencies, promoting localisation  of manufacturing and reducing dependence on imports of metal frames.  
The necessary disclosures pursuant to SEBI  Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 
(last updated on January 30, 2026), is enclosed herewith as Annexure – 3 and 4.   
 
 
 
 
 
Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)     
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector - 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009  
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020  
Website: www.lenskart.com , Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com , Phone No: 0124 – 4293191  
CIN — L331 00DL2008PLC178355  
The aforesaid informatio n will also be made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.lenskart.com/corporate/investorrelations .  
We request you to take the above information on record.  
Thanking y ou, 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Formerly known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)  
Ashish Kumar Srivastava  
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F5325  
Place:  Gurugram  
SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION  
OF 
DEALSKART ONLINE SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  
(“TRANSFEROR COMPANY NO. 1”)  
AND  
LENSKART EYETECH PRIVATE LIMITED  
(“TRANSFEROR COMPANY NO. 2”)  
WITH  
LENSKART SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
(“TRANSFEREE COMPANY”)  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND  CREDITORS  
UNDER SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, 
ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016  Annexure - 1
PARTS OF THE SCHEME  
  
  
A. PREAMBLE  
This Scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”) is presented under Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules and 
regulations made thereunder (including any statutory modifications and re -
enactments thereof), for am algamation of Dealskart Online Services Private 
Limited  (“Transferor Company No. 1”)  and Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited  
(“Transferor Company No. 2”)  with and into Lenskart Solutions Limited 
(“Transferee Company”)  and their respective shareholders and cre ditors.  
In addition, this Scheme also provides for various other matters consequential, 
incidental, supplementary and/or otherwise integrally connected therewith and in 
compliance with the conditions relating to “amalgamation” as specified under 
Section 2( 6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Income Tax Act, 2025 (the “ IT Act ”). 
Transferor Companies and Transferee Company are collectively referred to as the 
“Companies ”. 
  
B. PARTS OF THE SCHEME  
This Scheme of Amalgamation is divided into the following parts:  
  
Part Particulars  
A Introduction, Purpose and Rationale, Definitions, 
Interpretations, and Date of Taking Effect.  
B Share Capital of the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company.  
C Amalgamation of the Transferor Companies with and into 
Transferee Company.  
D Consideration, Accounting Treatment, Dissolution of the 
Transferor Companies, and Other Relevant Clauses.  
E General Terms and Conditions.  
  
  
  
----------------  
This space is intentionally left blank  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
PART A   
INTRODUCTION, RATIONALE, DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATIONS AND DATE 
OF TAKING EFFECT  
  
1. INTRODUCTION  
1.1. DEALSKART ONLINE SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  
Dealskart  Online Services Private Limited or Transferor Company No. 1 is a 
Private Limited Company duly incorporated under the provisions of the Act (as 
defined hereinafter) on 8th September, 2011, bearing Corporate Identification 
Number (“ CIN”) U74140DL2011PTC2248 19 and having its registered office 
situated in the National Capital Territory of Delhi at H.No. 339A/8, Mehta Chowk, 
Near Juhi Clinic, Dadawadi Jain Mandir Road, South West Delhi, Mehrauli, New 
Delhi - 110030.  
The Permanent Account Number (“ PAN ”) of the T ransferor Company No. 1 is 
AADCD9571D. The correspondence e -mail address of the Transferor Company 
No. 1 is udit.bagga@dealskart.in . Transferor Company No. 1 is a wholly -owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee C ompany.  
The Transferor Company No. 1 is engaged in the business of operations and 
maintenance (O&M) services to Transferee Company omni -channel stores PAN 
India. The main objects of Transferor Company No. 1 as per its Memorandum 
of Association (“ MOA ”) are provided herein below:  
1. To carry on the business of online service of buying, selling and dealing in 
all kinds of apparels and accessories including contact lenses, eye 
glasses, sunglasses, watches, bags, footwear, readymade garments, 
cosmetics, jewellery  etc. To engage in online trading of all goods and 
products in fashion wear, accessories, electronics, books and develop 
websites for online services of buying, selling and dealing in all kinds of 
goods in India or elsewhere in the world.  
  
  
2. To carry on, in India and elsewhere in the world, whether as owner, 
manager, operator, consultant, partner, adviser or otherwise, any and all 
activities relating to the business of creating technology, including software 
and services, for the purpose of facilitating th e sale of any and all kinds of 
goods and commodities including eye wear products, watches, bags, 
shoes, garments, jewellery, electronics and provide services relating 
thereto online through the internet.  
  
1.2. LENSKART EYETECH PRIVATE LIMITED  
Lenskart Eyetech  Private Limited or Transferor Company No. 2 is a Private 
Limited Company duly incorporated under the provisions of Act (as defined 
hereinafter) on 2nd July, 2015 bearing CIN U74110DL2015PTC282327 and 
having its registered office situated in the National C apital Territory of Delhi at 
W-123, Greater Kailash -II, New Delhi -110048.  
The PAN of Transferor Company No.2 is AACCL8854C. The correspondence 
e-mail address of the Transferor Company No. 2 is 
ashish.sr ivastava@lenskart.com . Transferor Company No. 2 is a wholly -owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company.  
Transferor Company No. 2 is engaged in the business of operating training 
centers for the retail staff. The main objects of Transferor Company No. 2 as 
per its MOA are provided herein below:  
1. To carry on the business of designing, engineering, manufacturing, 
producing, assembling, fabricating, altering, repairing, buying, selling, 
trading, acquiring, storing, packing, transporting, forwarding, distributing , 
importing, exporting and disposing of optical and ophthalmic lenses, both 
glass and plastic, blanks, bifocal blanks, frames, spectacle cases, hinges, 
microscopes, lensometers, telescope, and camera lenses of every 
description and kind and all component p arts, spare parts, accessories, 
eye and lens testing equipments including gauges, meters, measuring 
instruments and apparatus for use in connection therewith.  
 
2. To produce, manufacture, metalise , coat, purchase, refine, prepare, 
import, export, sell and to deal in frames goggles, spectacles, spectacle 
cases, lensometers, camera lenses, screws, hinges, eye and lens testing 
equipments in all its forms or products thereof and in connection therewith . 
 
3. To maintain laboratory and manufacture, to get manufactured or to 
manufacture for others on loan licence basis or on contract or 
understanding with other firms, companies and individual irrespective of 
the brand name in India and elsewhere, import, expo rt, refine formulate, 
process, buy, sell, distribute and establish laboratories in all kinds and 
classes of optical and ophthalmic lenses, both glass and plastic, blanks, 
bifocal blanks, frames, spectacle cases, hinges, microscopes, 
lensometers, telescope,  and camera lenses of every description and kind 
and all component parts, spare parts, accessories, equipments and 
apparatus for use in connection therewith.  
 
4. To carry on all or any businesses of manufacturers, buyers, sellers, 
importers, exporters of, and  dealers in surgical, medical, curative and 
healing instruments and equipments generally, artificial eyes and limbs, 
laboratory, observatory, research, industrial metrology, electronic, semi -
conductors, microscopy, and scientific instruments.  
 
5. To carry on the business of wholesale buying, selling, reselling, importing, 
exporting, transporting, storing, developing, promoting, marketing or 
supplying, wholesale trading, and dealing in all kinds apparels and 
accessories including contact lenses, eye glasses, su nglasses, etc. in India 
or elsewhere.  
  
1.3. LENSKART SOLUTIONS LIMITED (Formerly known as Lenskart  Solutions 
Private Limited)  
Lenskart Solutions Limited or Transferee Company is a Public Limited Company 
duly incorporated under the provisions of Act (as defined  hereinafter) on 19th 
May, 2008 as “Valyoo Technologies Private Limited” having its registered office 
situated in the National Capital Territory of Delhi at Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial 
Estate, Phase -3, Okhla Industrial Estate, South Delhi, New Delhi -110020. The 
Transferee Company is a listed entity on the nationwide Stock Exchanges of 
India i.e National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. and BSE Limited. The PAN of 
the Transferee Company is AACCV7324B. The correspondence e -mail address 
of the Transferee Compan y is compliance.officer@lenskart.com . The 
Transferee Company is the holding company of Transferor Company No.1 and 
Transferor Company No. 2.  
The name of the Transferee Company was subsequently chang ed from “Valyoo 
Technologies Private Limited” to “Lenskart Solutions Private Limited” vide fresh 
Certificate of Incorporation issued by the Registrar of Companies, NCT of Delhi 
& Haryana. The Transferee Company originally incorporated as a Private 
Limited Company and thereafter the Transferee Company was later converted 
into a Public Limited Company and renamed as “Lenskart Solutions Limited” 
vide fresh Certificate of Incorporation issued by the Registrar of Companies on 
16th June, 2025 bearing CIN L33100DL2008PLC178355 . 
The Transferee Company is engaged in designing, manufacturing, branding, 
and retailing of eyewear products. The main objects of the Transferee Company 
as per its MOA are provided herein below:  
1. To carry on the business of providing se rvices in the field of internet, web 
designing, web hosting, content management, strategy, portal 
development, web consultancy, web maintenance and advertisement, 
cyber space, all types of communication system, electronic commerce and 
all other related ser vices in India and abroad.  
 
2. To carry on the business as consultants and advisors whether in India or 
abroad on problem relating to system design and software developments 
and to carry on the business of technical know how  and training in all the 
fields of information technology and voice transcription and processing.  
 
3. To establish and run database center and data processing/compute 
training centers and to offer consultancy and data processing and other 
services that are no rmally offered by data processing computer centers to 
industrial, business and other types of customers to impart training on 
electronics data processing, computer software and hardware to 
customers and others in India and abroad.  
 
4. To develop, improve, buy , sell, assemble, install, import, export, exchange, 
repair, maintain and otherwise deal in all kinds of computers, micro 
processor, based systems, peripherals and their parts, components and 
systems, computer hardware and accessories and related equipment s, 
software, their programs and accessories.  
 
5. To carry on the business of wholesale buying, selling, reselling, importing, 
exporting, transporting, storing, developing, promoting, marketing or 
supplying, wholesale trading, and dealing in all kinds apparels  and 
accessories including contact lenses, eye glasses, sunglasses, watches, 
bags, footwear, readymade garments, cosmetics, jewellery etc. in India or 
elsewhere.  
 
6. To engage in wholesale trading of all goods and products in fashion wear, 
accessories, electronics, furnishings, appliances, books and develop 
websites for online services of buying, selling and dealing in all kinds of 
goods in India or elsewhere in the world.  
7. To carry on, in India and elsewhere in the world, whether as owner, 
manager, opera tor, consultant, partner, adviser or otherwise, any and all 
activities relating to the business of creating technology, including software 
and services, for the purpose of facilitating the sale of any and all kinds of 
goods and commodities including eye we ar products, watches, bags, 
shoes, garments, jewellery, electronics, furnishings, appliances and 
provide services relating thereto online through the internet.  
 
8. To carry on the business of designing, engineering, manufacturing, 
producing, assembling, fabri cating, altering, repairing, buying, selling, 
trading, acquiring, storing, packing, transporting, forwarding, distributing, 
importing, exporting and disposing of optical and ophthalmic lenses, both 
glass and plastic, blanks, bifocal blanks, frames, spectac les, spectacle 
cases, hinges, microscopes, lensometers, telescope, and camera lenses 
of every description and kind and all component parts, spare parts, 
accessories, eye and lens testing equipments including gauges, meters, 
measuring instruments and appara tus for use in connection therewith.  
 
9. To produce, manufacture, metalize, coat, purchase, refine, prepare, 
import, export, sell and to deal in frames goggles, spectacles, spectacle 
cases, lensometers, camera lenses, screws, hinges, eye and lens testing 
equipments in all its forms or products thereof and in connection therewith.  
 
10. To maintain laboratory and manufacture, to get manufactured or to 
manufacture for others on loan licence basis or on contract or 
understanding with other firms, companies and individ ual irrespective of 
the brand name in India and elsewhere, import, export, refine formulate, 
process, buy, sell, distribute and establish laboratories in all kinds and 
classes of optical and ophthalmic lenses, both glass and plastic, blanks, 
bifocal blanks , frames, spectacle cases, hinges, microscopes, 
lensometers, telescope, and camera lenses of every description and kind 
and all component parts, spare parts, accessories, equipments and 
apparatus for use in connection therewith.  
 
11. To manufacture, process, import, market, distribute, export, undertake 
wholesale/retail trade or deal in any manner in various pharmaceutical 
products, ayurvedic products, drugs, dietary & health supplements, 
functional foods, and raw materials & intermediary/ancillary materials f or 
foregoing products, and also to carry on the business of buyers, sellers, 
agents, distributors and stockiest of all kind of pharmaceutical, food 
supplements and allied products.  
 
12. To carry on the business of buying, selling, reselling, importing, exporti ng, 
transporting, storing, developing, promoting, marketing or supplying, 
trading, dealing in any manner whatsoever in all types of goods, which are 
required for and/or support the above objects, in India or elsewhere.  
  
2. PURPOSE AND RATIONALE OF THE SCHEME  
The Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
company and all three companies operate within the same industry relating to 
the eyewear and optical products industry, while the Transferor Company No. 1 
provides the operations and  maintenance (O&M) services to Transferee 
Company omni -channel stores PAN India, the Transferor Company No. 2 
renders training services to Transferee Company and Transferor Company No. 
1. In order to simplify and rationalize the group's corporate structure , the 
companies have undertaken the present Scheme with a view to streamlining 
the group's legal framework by eliminating multiple entities and consolidating 
the business operations under a single corporate entity. In view of the foregoing, 
the Scheme is e xpected to deliver the following benefits:  
i. The businesses of the Transferor Companies can be combined and carried 
on in conjunction with the business of the Transferee Company more 
conveniently and advantageously. Upon the proposed amalgamation, the 
merged  entity, i.e., the Transferee Company, will be able to consolidate 
and efficiently leverage its resources within a unified structure, supporting 
strategic business expansion and unlocking growth opportunities;  
ii. The proposed amalgamation will result in the s implification of the corporate 
structure by reducing the multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances, 
streamlining record -keeping, and generating cost efficiencies through the 
reduction of overheads and administrative, managerial, and other related 
expenditures;  
iii. Through the proposed amalgamation, a more streamlined and strategic 
management framework can be achieved, enabling sharper focus and 
driving the holistic growth of the businesses.  
iv. To achieve greater integration and greater financial strength an d flexibility, 
to maximize overall shareholder value;  
v. The proposed amalgamation will result in simplification and rationalization 
of the corporate structure, greater administrative convenience, operational 
rationalization, organizational efficiency and opt imal utilization of 
resources;  
vi. The proposed amalgamation will provide for pooling of the managerial, 
technical and financial resources of the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company which will help in increasing the competitiveness of 
the Transfere e Company;  
Further, there is no adverse effect of this Scheme on the directors, key 
management personnel, promoters, non -promoter members, creditors, and 
employees of the Companies and the same would be in the best interest of all 
stakeholders.  
Accordingly , the Board of Directors of the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company have formulated this Scheme to undertake various steps 
as envisaged in this Scheme pursuant to the provisions of Section 230 -232 of 
the Act and Companies (Compromise, Arrangeme nts and Amalgamation) 
Rules, 2016 including any statutory modification or re -enactment or amendment 
thereof  
   
3. DEFINITIONS  
In this Scheme, unless repugnant to the meaning or context thereof, terms 
defined in the introductory paragraphs and recitals shall have the same 
meanings throughout this Scheme; and the following words and expressions, 
wherever used (including in the recitals and the introductory paragraphs above), 
shall have the following meanings:  
  
3.1. “Act” or “the Act”  means the Companies Act, 2013 a nd, to the extent applicable 
and relevant to this Scheme, the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 that 
continue to remain in force, together with all rules, regulations, notifications, 
circulars and ordinances issued thereunder, and shall include any sta tutory 
modification, amendment, re -enactment or substitution thereof for the time 
being in force.  
3.2. “Amalgamation”  means amalgamation of the Transferor Companies with and 
into the Transferee Company on a going concern basis in terms of the Scheme 
(as defined  hereinafter) in its present form or with any modification(s).  
3.3. “Applicable Law”  means any applicable statute, law, enactments, regulation, 
ordinance, rule, judgment, order, decree, clearance, approval, directive, 
guideline, requirement, or any similar form of determination by or decision of 
any Appropriate Authority, that is binding or applicable to a Person, whether in 
effect as of the date on which this Scheme has been approved by the Boards 
of Directors of the Companies or at any time thereafter.  
3.4. “Appointed Date”  means 1st April, 2026 or such other date as may be directed 
or approv ed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal or any other 
Appropriate Authority and acceptable to the Board of Directors of the 
Companies.  
3.5. “Appropriate Authority”  means any applicable central, state or local 
government, legislative body, regulatory, adm inistrative or statutory authority, 
or judicial body or authority, including, but not limited, to Registrar of 
Companies, Regional Director of Companies, Official Liquidator and National 
Company Law Tribunal.  
3.6. “Board of Directors”  or “Board”  means the Board  of Directors of each of the 
Companies, as the case may be and shall include a committee duly constituted 
and authorised or individuals authorised for the purposes of matters pertaining 
to the amalgamation as contemplated under this Scheme or any other mat ter 
relating thereto.  
3.7. “BSE”  means BSE Limited.  
3.8. “Companies”  means the Transferor Company No. 1, Transferor Company No. 
2, and the Transferee Company collectively.  
3.9. “Effective Date”  means the date or the last of the dates on which the certified 
copies of the Order of NCLT sanctioning the Scheme is filed with the 
Jurisdictional Registrar of Companies by the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company. Any references in this Scheme  to the date of “coming into 
effect of this Scheme” or “upon the Scheme being effective” shall mean the 
Effective Date.  
3.10.  “Encumbrances”  means any options, pledge, mortgage, lien, security interest, 
claim, charge, pre -emptive right, easement, limitation, att achment, restraint or 
any other encumbrances of any kind or nature whatsoever, and the term 
“Encumber” or “Encumbered” shall be construed accordingly.  
3.11.  “Income Tax Act”  or “IT Act”  means the Income Tax Act, 2025 and the rules, 
regulations, circulars and not ifications issued thereunder, and includes any 
statutory modification, re -enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in 
force.  
3.12.  “Intellectual Property Rights” means all intellectual property rights, including 
with respect to all patents, patent appli cations, trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, logos, corporate names, brand names, domain names, copyrights, 
designs and all registrations, applications and renewals in connection therewith, 
software and website content (including text, graphics, images , audio, video and 
data), trade secrets, confidential business information, know -how and other 
proprietary rights.  
3.13.  “Indian Accounting Standards ” or “ Ind AS ” means the Indian Accounting 
Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act, as notified under th e 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as may be amended 
from time to time read with clarification issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.  
3.14.  “Liabilities”  means all debts, duties, obligations and liabilities of whatsoever 
nature (including contingent and unascertained liabilities) of the Transferor 
Companies, whether present or future.  
3.15.  “NCLT”  or “Tribunal”  means the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
New Delhi Bench having jurisdiction over the Transferor Companies and 
Transferee Company as constituted and authorized as per the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for approving the scheme of arrangement, compromise 
or reconstruction of companies under Section 230 -232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and shall include, if applicable, such 
other forum or authority as may be vested with the powers of the Tribunal for 
the purpose of Section 230 -232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as may be applicable.  
3.16.  “NSE” means National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
3.17.  “Official Liquidator” or “OL” means Official Liquidator having jurisdiction over 
the Transferor Companies.  
3.18.  “Proceedings”  means any complaints, suit, summary suits, indigent petitions, 
assessments, appeals, cause of actions,  security enforcement actions, appeal 
or other legal, quasi -judicial, arbitral or other administrative proceedings or other 
proceedings of whatsoever nature including proceedings relating to the 
securitization transactions and proceedings filed under Tax l aws. 
3.19.  “Registrar of Companies”  or “RoC”  means the jurisdictional Registrar of 
Companies, having jurisdiction over Transferor Companies and Transferee 
Company.  
3.20.  “Scheme”  or “this Scheme”  or “the Scheme”  means the Scheme of 
Amalgamation involving the Amalgamat ion of the Transferor Companies with 
Transferee Company in its present form or with any modification(s) or 
amendment(s) as approved or imposed or directed by the shareholders and/or 
creditors of the Companies and/or by the NCLT or any other Appropriate 
Authority, as the case may be, and acceptable to the Boards of the Transferor 
Companies and Transferee Company.  
3.21.  “SEBI”  means the Securities and Exchange Board of India established under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992.  
3.22.  “SEBI Master Circular”  means Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 issued by SEBI or any other circular 
issued by SEBI applicable to scheme of arrangement for amalgamation from 
time to time.  
3.23.  “SEBI LODR Regulations”  means the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time;  
3.24.  “Stock Exchanges”  means BSE Limited and NSE collectively.  
3.25.  “Transferor Company No. 1”  means Dealskart Online Services Private 
Limited.  
3.26.  “Transf eror Company No. 2”  means Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited.  
3.27.  “Transferor Companies”  means the Transferor Company No. 1 and the 
Transferor Company No. 2, collectively.  
3.28.  “Transferee Company”  means Lenskart Solutions Limited (Formerly known 
as Lenskart Solution s Private Limited).  
3.29.  “Tax”, “Taxes”  or “Taxation”  means all forms of direct and indirect taxation, 
duties, surcharges, fees, tariffs, refund, credits, cess, levies, imposts and social 
security (or similar) charges of any kind whatsoever in any jurisdiction,  including 
without limitation corporate income tax, any other form of withholding tax, 
provident fund, employee state insurance and gratuity contributions, goods and 
service tax, service tax, value added tax, customs and excise duties, capital tax, 
central  sales tax, and other legal transaction taxes, stamp duty, dividend 
distribution tax, capital gains tax, securities transaction tax, real estate taxes, 
gross receipts taxes, windfall profit taxes, employment taxes, severance taxes, 
franchise taxes, transfe r taxes, profit taxes, registration taxes, unclaimed 
property or escheatment taxes, alternative or add -on minimum taxes, estimated 
taxes, octroi, other municipal, provincial, state or local taxes and duties, 
environmental taxes and duties, goods and servic e taxes and any other type of 
taxes or duties in any relevant jurisdiction, whether disputed or not, together 
with any interest, penalties, surcharges or fines relating thereto, due, payable, 
levied, imposed upon or claimed to be owed in any relevant juris diction, and 
including any obligations to indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the 
tax liability of any other person.  
3.30.  “Tax Laws”  means all Applicable Laws, acts, rules and regulations dealing with 
Taxes, duties and cess by whatever name called, incl uding but not limited to 
income -tax, wealth tax, profession tax, sales tax, value added taxes, central 
sales tax, entry taxes, local / municipal taxes and levies, service tax, goods and 
services tax, central excise duty, customs duty, stamp duty, property tax, 
withholding tax, tax collected at source, benefits under the Foreign Trade 
Policies or any other levy of similar nature;  
3.31.  “Transferred Undertaking”  means and includes the whole of their business, 
undertakings, assets, properties, investments and all li abilities of the Transferor 
Companies of whatsoever nature and kind and wherever situated, on a going 
concern basis, and with continuity of business of the Transferor Companies, 
which shall mean and include (without limitation), to the extent applicable:  
i. all the assets and properties (whether movable or immovable, tangible or 
intangible, freehold or leasehold, leave and licensed or right of way and all 
documents of title, rights, easements in relation thereto, real or personal, 
in possession or reversion, c orporeal or incorporeal, present, future or 
contingent of whatsoever nature) of the Transferor Companies, whether 
situated in India or abroad including, without limitation, all land whether 
freehold or leasehold or otherwise, buildings and structures, offi ces, 
branches, residential and other premises, capital work -in-progress, 
machines and equipment, furniture, fixtures, office equipment, computers, 
information technology equipment, vehicles, appliances, accessories, 
stocks, current assets (including invent ories, sundry debtors, bills of 
exchange, loans and advances), investments of all kinds (including shares, 
scrips, stocks, bonds, debenture stocks, units), cash and bank accounts 
(including bank balances), contingent rights or benefits, benefits of any 
deposits, earnest monies, receivables, advances or deposits paid by or 
deemed to have been paid by the Transferor Companies, financial assets, 
benefit of any bank guarantees, performance guarantees and letters of 
credit, leases (including lease rights), hire purchase contracts and assets, 
lending contracts, rights and benefits under any agreement, benefit of any 
security arrangements or under any guarantees, reversions, powers, 
tenancies, rights to use and avail of telephones, internet, leased line 
connections  and installations, utilities, electricity and other services, 
reserves, provisions, funds, benefits of assets or properties or other 
interest held in trust, registrations, contracts, engagements, arrangements 
of all kind, privileges and all other rights, easements, privileges, liberties 
and advantages of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated belonging 
to or in the ownership, power or possession and in the control of or vested 
in or granted in favour of or enjoyed by the Transferor Companies;  
ii. all permi ts, quotas, rights, entitlements, industrial and other licenses, 
contracts, agreements, bids, tenders, letters of intent, expressions of 
interest, memorandums of understanding, offer letters, approvals, 
consents, subsidies, privileges, incentives (includin g Pradhan Mantri Viksit 
Bharat Rozgar Yojana), deductions (including deduction u/s 146 of the 
Income Tax Act), exemptions, rebates, allowances, amortization, tax 
credits (including but not limited to advance tax, self -assessment tax, 
regular tax, deferred tax assets/liabilities, minimum alternate tax, tax 
deducted at source, tax collected at source, accumulated losses, 
allowance for unabsorbed depreciation under Income -tax Act, tax refunds, 
tax losses, the input credit balances including SGST, IGST and CGST  
credits under the GST laws), all other rights including sales tax deferrals 
and exemptions and other benefits, duty drawback claims, rebate 
receivables, all customs duty benefits and exemptions, export and import 
incentives and benefits or any other benef its/incentives/exemptions given 
under any policy announcements issued by the Government of India or 
state government or any other government body or authority, licenses, 
powers and facilities of every kind;  
iii. all debts, borrowings, obligations, duties and li abilities, both present and 
future, current and non -current (including deferred tax liabilities, contingent 
liabilities and the liabilities and obligations under any licenses or permits or 
schemes) of every kind, nature and description whatsoever and 
howso ever arising, raised or incurred or utilized, whether secured or 
unsecured, whether in Rupees or foreign currency, whether provided for 
or not in the books of accounts or disclosed in the balance sheet of the 
Transferor Companies;  
iv. all trade and service names and marks, patents, copyrights, goodwill, 
designs and other intellectual property rights of any nature whatsoever, 
books, records, files, papers, engineering and process information, 
software licenses (whether proprietary or otherwise), drawings, com puter 
programs, manuals, data, catalogues, quotations, sales and advertising 
material, lists of present and former customers and suppliers, other 
customer information, and all other records and documents, whether in 
physical or electronic form relating to business activities and operations of 
the Transferor Companies;  
v. all staff and employees and other obligations of whatsoever kind, including 
liabilities of the Transferor Companies with regard to its employees, with 
respect to the payment of gratuity, super annuation, pension benefits and 
the provident fund or compensation or benefits, if any, in the event of 
resignation, death, voluntary retirement or retrenchment or otherwise; and  
vi. all other interests of whatsoever nature belonging to or in the ownership, 
power, possession or the control of or vested in or granted in favour of or 
held for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Transferor Companies, whether in 
India or abroad.  
vii. it is intended that the definition of Transferred Undertaking under this 
clause would enab le the transfer of all property, assets, rights, duties, 
employees and liabilities of each Transferor Companies into the 
Transferee Company pursuant to this Scheme of Amalgamation.  
viii. all Proceedings whatsoever nature involving the Transferor Companies.  
  
All terms and words not defined in this Scheme shall, unless repugnant or 
contrary to the context or meaning thereof, have the same meaning ascribed to 
them under the Act and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, bye -laws, as 
the case may be or any statu tory modification or re -enactment thereof from time 
to time.  
 
4. INTERPRETATIONS  
4.1. References to clauses and recitals, unless otherwise provided, are to clauses 
and recitals of and to this Scheme  
4.2. The headings herein shall not affect the construction of this Scheme.  
4.3. Unless the context otherwise requires:  
i. the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and references to one 
gender include all genders.  
  
ii. references to a person include any individual, firm, body corporate 
(whether incorporated), government,  state or agency of a state or any joint 
venture, association, partnership, works council or employee 
representatives' body (whether or not having separate legal personality).  
  
iii. reference to any law or to any provision thereof or to any rule or regulation 
promulgated thereunder includes a reference to such law, provision, rule 
or regulation as it may, from time to time, be amended, supplemented or 
re-enacted, or to any law, provision, rule or regulation that replaces it.  
  
5. DATE OF TAKING EFFECT  
5.1. The Scheme set out herein in its present form, or with modification(s), if any, 
made in accordance with the provisions of the Scheme and/or the directions of 
the NCLT, shall be effective from the Appointed Date but shall be operative from 
the Effective Date. The Sche me of Amalgamation of the Transferor Companies 
with the Transferee Company shall be in accordance with Section 2(6) of the IT 
Act. 
  
 
----------------  
This space is intentionally left blank  
  
  
  
  
PART B  
  
SHARE CAPITAL OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANIES AND THE  
TRANSFEREE COMPANY  
  
6. SHARE CAPITAL  
6.1. The share capital of the Transferor Company No. 1 (Dealskart Online Services 
Private Limited) as on 31st March, 2026 is as follows:  
Share Capital  Amount in Rs.  
Authorized Share Capital    
1,00,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each  10,00,000  
TOTAL  10,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital    
1,00,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each, fully paid 
up 10,00,000  
TOTAL  10,00,000  
  
The shares of the Transferor Company No.1 are not listed on any stock 
exchange up to the date of approval of the Scheme by the Board of the 
Transferor Company No.1 and there is no change in the capital structure of the 
Transferor Company No. 1.  
6.2. The share capital of the Transferor Company No. 2 (Lenskart Eyetech Private 
Limited) as on 31st March, 2026 is as follows:  
Share Capital  Amount in Rs.  
Authorized Share Capital    
50,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each  5,00,000  
TOTAL  5,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share Capital    
10,000 Equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each, fully paid up  1,00,000  
TOTAL  1,00,000  
  
The shares of the Transferor Company No.2 are not listed on any stock 
exchange up to the date of approval of the Scheme by the Board of the 
Transferor Company No.2 and there is no change in the capital structure of the 
Transferor Company No. 2.  
6.3. The share capital of the Transferee Company, Lenskart Solutions Limited 
(Formerly known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited) as on 31st March, 2026 
is as follows:  
Share Capital  Amount in Rs.  
Authorized Share Capital   
2,29,00,00,000 Equity shares of Rs. 2/ - each  4,58,00,00,000  
95,67,40,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 2/ - each  1,91,34,80,000  
    6,00,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 10/ - each  60,00,000  
TOTAL  6,49,94,80,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share 
Capital    
1,73,64,16,007 Equity shares of Rs. 2/ - each, 
fully paid up  3,47,28,32,014  
TOTAL  3,47,28,32,014  
  
  
The shares of the Transferee Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
Subsequent to the above date and till date of approval of the Scheme by the 
Board of Transferee Company, there has been change in the issued, subscribed 
and paid -up capital of the Transferee Company.  
Accordingly, the share capital of the Transferee Company as on 31st May, 2026 
is as follows:  
Share Capital  Amount in Rs.  
Authorized  Share Capital   
2,29,00,00,000 Equity shares of Rs. 2/ - each  4,58,00,00,000  
95,67,40,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 2/ - each  1,91,34,80,000  
    6,00,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 10/ - each  60,00,000  
TOTAL  6,49,94,80,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Share 
Capital    
1,73,87,20,607 Equity shares of Rs. 2/ - each, 
fully paid up  3,47,74,41,214  
TOTAL  3,47,74,41,214  
 
 
  
7. DISCLOSURES REGARDING CHANGE IN NAME, OBJECT AND 
REGISTERED OFFICE  
7.1. Change in name of the Transferor Companies and Transferee Company in  the 
last five years:  
i. Transferor Company No. 1 (Dealskart Online Services Private Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the name of Transferor Company No. 1 in the last 
five years.  
  
ii. Transferor Company No. 2 (Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the name of Transferor Company No. 2 in the last 
five years.  
  
iii. Transferee Company (Lenskart Solutions Limited):  
  
The name of the Transferee Company was changed from “Lenskart Solutions 
Private Limited” to “Lenskart Solutions Limited”  consequent upon its conversion 
from a Private Limited Company to a Public Limited Company vide fresh 
Certificate of Incorporation dated 16th June, 2025 issued by the Registrar of 
Companies.  
  
7.2. Change in objects of the Transferor Companies and Transferee Company in the 
last five years:  
i. Transferor Company No. 1 (Dealskart Online Services Private Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the objects of Transferor Company No. 1 in the 
last five years.  
  
ii. Transferor Company No. 2 (Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited ): 
  
There has been change in the objects of Transferor Company No. 2 in the last 
five years.  
  
iii. Transferee Company (Lenskart Solutions Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the objects of the Transferee Company in the last 
five years.  
  
7.3. Change in registered office of the Transferor Companies and Transferee 
Company in the last five years:  
  
i. Transferor Company No. 1 (Dealskart Online Services Private Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the registered office of the Transferor Company 
No. 1during l ast five years[RG1]  
  
ii. Transferor Company No. 2 (Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited):  
  
There has been no change in the registered office of the Transferor Company 
No. 2 during last five years  
  
iii. Transferee Company (Lenskart Solutions Limited):  
 
There has been change in the registered office address of the Transferee 
Company from W -123, Greater Kailash Part -2, NA, New Delhi -110048 to Plot 
No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase -3, Okhla Industrial Estate, South Delhi, 
New Delhi -110020 w.e.f from 2 4th June 2025.  
  
  
 
 
----------------  
This space is intentionally left blank  
 
 
 
  
PART C  
  
AMALGAMATION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANIES INTO AND WITH THE 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY  
  
8. TRANSFER OF TRANSFERRED UNDERTAKING  
Subject to the provisions of this Scheme as specified herein and with effect from 
the Appointed Date, upon the Scheme becoming effective, the entire 
Transferred Undertaking of the Transferor Companies shall be transferred to 
and vested in or be deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Transfere e 
Company, as a going concern without any further act, instrument, deed, matter 
or thing so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the undertaking of 
the Transferee Company by virtue of and in the following manner:  
8.1. The Transferred Undertaking of the  Transferor Companies comprising its 
business, all assets and liabilities of whatsoever nature and where -so-ever 
situated, shall, under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act o r deed be 
transferred to and vested in and/ or be deemed to be transferred to and vested 
in the Transferee Company as a going concern so as to become, as from the 
Appointed Date for amalgamation, the undertaking of the Transferee Company 
and to vest in the  Transferee Company all the rights, title, interest or obligations 
of the Transferor Companies therein.  
8.2. All the movable assets of the Transferor Companies, capable of passing by 
physical delivery or by endorsement and delivery, shall be so transferred to t he 
Transferee Company and deemed to have been physically handed over by 
physical delivery or by endorsement and delivery, as the case may be, without 
the need to execute any separate instrument, to the Transferee Company to the 
end and intent that the prop erty and benefit therein passes to the Transferee 
Company with effect from the Appointed Date for amalgamation.  
8.3. In so far as the immovable property of the Transferred Undertaking are 
concerned, if any, whether or not included in the books of Transferor 
Com panies, whether freehold or leasehold (including but not limited to land, 
buildings, sites, tenancy rights related thereto, and immovable properties and 
any other document of title, rights, interest and easements in relation thereto) of 
the Transferred Und ertaking shall stand transferred to and be vested in the 
Transferee Company, without any act or deed to be done or executed by the 
Transferor Companies / or the Transferee Company. The mutation of title to the 
immovable properties in the name of Transferee  Company shall be made and 
duly recorded by the appropriate authorities upon filing of true copies of the 
Order of the NCLT approving the Scheme without any further act or deed on 
part of all the Transferor Companies or Transferee Company.  
8.4. In respect of an y assets of the Transferor Companies, including sundry debtors, 
deferred tax asset, bills, credits, outstanding loans and advances, if any, 
recoverable in cash or kind or for value to be received, bank balances and 
deposits, if any, with the Government, qu asi government, local or other authority 
or body, customers and other persons, the same shall, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, be transferred to and stand vested in and /or be deemed to 
be transferred to and stand vested in the Transferee Comp any under the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act.  
8.5. All assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties of the Transferor 
Companies as on the Appointed Date, whether or not included in the books of 
the Transferor Companies, and all asse ts, rights, title, interest, investments and 
properties, which are acquired by the Transferor Companies on or after the 
Appointed Date but prior to the Effective Date, shall be deemed to be and shall 
become the assets, rights, title, interest, investments and properties of the 
Transferee Company, and shall under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and 
all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, be and stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed 
to have been transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date or 
from the date of their acquisition (after the Appointed Date but before the 
Effective Date) as the case may  be, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 
to 232 of the Act.  
8.6. All the profits or costs, charges, or expenditure accruing to the Transferor 
Companies in India and abroad or expenditure or losses arising or incurred or 
suffered by the Transferor Compani es shall for all purposes be treated and be 
deemed to be and accrue as the profits, costs, charges, expenditure or losses 
of Transferee Company, as the case may be.  
8.7. All taxes of any nature, duties, cases or any other like payments or deductions 
made by the  Transferor Companies to any statutory authorities, relating to the 
period after the Appointed Date and up to the Effective date shall be deemed to 
have been made on account of or on behalf of or paid by the Transferee 
Company and the relevant authorities shall be bound to transfer to the account 
of and give credit for the same to the Transferee Company upon the passing of 
the order on this Scheme by the NCLT or any other Appropriate Authority and 
upon relevant proof and documents being provided to the said  authorities to this 
effect. Further, brought forward tax losses and unabsorbed depreciation of the 
Transferor Companies in terms of the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 
2025 shall be allowable for set off against the profits of the Transferee Co mpany 
subject to fulfillment of the conditions prescribed therein.  
8.8. All the benefits under the various incentive schemes (including Pradhan Mantri 
Viksit Bharat Rozgar Yojana) and policies, if any, that the Transferor Companies 
are entitled to, including ta x credits, tax deferral, deductions (including 
deduction under section 146 of the Income Tax Act), exemptions, holidays and 
benefits, subsidies, tenancy rights, liberties, special status and other benefits or 
privileges enjoyed or conferred upon or held or  availed by the Transferor 
Companies, rights of any claim not made by the Transferor Companies in 
respect of any refund of tax, duty, cess or other charge, including any erroneous 
or excess payment thereof made by the Transferor Companies and any interest 
thereon and all rights or benefits that have accrued or which may accrue to the 
Transferor Companies, whether on, before or after the Appointed Date, shall 
upon this Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date 
be transferred to and ve st in the Transferee Company and all benefits, 
entitlements, deductions and incentives of any nature whatsoever, shall be 
claimed by the Transferee Company and these shall relate back to the 
Appointed Date as if the Transferee Company was originally entitl ed to all 
benefits under such incentive schemes and/or policies; and  
8.9. All the licenses, permits, registrations, quotas, entitlements, approvals, 
permissions, registrations, incentives, tax deferrals, exemptions and benefits, 
subsidies, concessions, grants, rights, claims, leases, tenancy rights, liberties, 
special status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed or conferred upon or held 
or availed of by the Transferor Companies and all rights and benefits that have 
accrued or which may accrue to the Transfer or Companies, whether on, before 
or after the Appointed Date, including income tax benefits , deductions and 
exemptions, shall, under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all 
other applicable provisions, if any, without any further act, ins trument or deed, 
cost or charge be and stand transferred to and vest in and/or be deemed to be 
transferred to and vested in and be available to the Transferee Company so as 
to become the licenses, permits, registrations, quotas, entitlements, approvals, 
permissions, registrations, incentives, tax deferrals, exemptions and benefits, 
subsidies, concessions, grants, rights, claims, leases, tenancy rights, liberties, 
special status and other benefits or privileges of the Transferee Company and 
shall remain vali d, effective and enforceable on the same terms and conditions.  
8.10.  The registration in name of the Transferor Companies like Professional Tax, 
GST, PAN, TAN, Shop Act Licenses, Trade Licenses, Legal Metrology and any 
other registration under any other statute,  law, Enactment, Act, shall if permitted 
by law and unless otherwise directed by the court without any further act, deed, 
matter or thing be transferred in the name of the Transferee Company from the 
Effective Date.  
8.11.  With effect from the Appointed Date, all  debts, liabilities (including all secured 
and unsecured debts and contingent liabilities), duties and obligations of the 
Transferor Companies of every kind, nature and description whatsoever, as on 
the Appointed Date for amalgamation whether provided for or not in the books 
of accounts of the Transferor Companies shall, pursuant to the Orders of the 
National Company Law Tribunal or such other competent authority as may be 
applicable under provisions of the Act, without any further act or deed, be 
transferr ed or deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Transferee 
Company, so as to become as from the Appointed Date, the Liabilities of the 
Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to 
the Transferor Companies and the Transferee  Company shall meet, discharge 
and satisfy the same and further it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent 
of any third party or other person who is a party to any contract or arrangement 
by virtue of which such Liabilities have arisen in order to giv e effect to the 
provisions of this Clause.  
8.12.  Where any such debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferor 
Companies as on the Appointed Date have been discharged by such Transferor 
Companies on or after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effe ctive Date, such 
discharge shall be deemed to be for and on account of the Transferee Company 
upon the coming into effect of this Scheme.  
8.13.  All loans raised and utilized and all liabilities, duties and obligations incurred or 
undertaken by the Transferor Com panies on or after the Appointed Date and 
prior to the Effective Date shall be deemed to have been raised, used, incurred 
or undertaken for and on behalf of the Transferee Company and to the extent 
they are outstanding on the Effective Date, shall, upon th e coming into effect of 
this Scheme and under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, without 
any further act, instrument or deed be stand transferred to and vested in and be 
deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company  and 
shall become the loans and liabilities, duties and obligations of the Transferee 
Company which shall meet, discharge and satisfy the same.  
8.14.  Loans, advances and other obligations (including any guarantees, letters of 
credit, letters of comfort or any other instrument or arrangement which may give 
rise to a contingent liability in whatever form), if any, due or which may at any 
time from the Appointed Date to the Effective Date become due between the 
Transferor Companies and the Transferee Company shall , ipso facto, stand 
discharged and come to an end and there shall be no liability in that behalf on 
any party and the appropriate effect shall be given in the books of accounts and 
records of the Transferee Company.  
8.15.  The expertise, experience/track -record a nd legacy of performance of the 
Transferor Companies in their respective industries and business segments will 
be carried over and continue in the Transferee Company with effect from the 
Appointed Date.  
8.16.  It is clarified that the Scheme shall not in any mann er affect the rights and 
interest of the Creditors of the Transferor Companies or be deemed to be 
prejudicial to their interest.  
  
9. CONTRACTS, DEEDS, BONDS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS  
9.1. Upon coming into effect of this Scheme and subject to the provisions of the 
Scheme and without any further act of the parties, all memorandum of 
understanding, contracts (including but not limited to customer contracts, 
service contracts and supplier contracts), schemes, assurances, licenses, 
insurance policies, guarantees, deeds, bo nds, agreements, arrangements and 
other instruments (including all tenancies, leases, and other assurances in 
favour of the Transferor Companies or powers or authorities granted by or to it) 
of whatsoever nature to which the Transferor Companies are a part y or to the 
benefit of which the Transferor Companies may be eligible and which are 
subsisting or having effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall continue 
in full force and effect against or in favour of the Transferee Company as the 
case may be , and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the 
Transferor Companies, the Transferee Company had been a party or 
beneficiary or obligee or obligor thereto.  
9.2. The Transferee Company shall, if so required or becomes necessary, upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme enter into and/ or issue and/or execute deeds, 
writings or confirmations to give effect to the provisions of this Scheme and to 
the extent that the Transferor Companies are required prior to the Effective Date 
to join in such  deeds, writings or confirmations, the Transferee Company shall 
be entitled to act for and on behalf of and in the name of the Transferor 
Companies, as the case maybe.  
10. ENCUMBRANCES  
10.1.  The transfer and vesting of the assets comprised in the Transferred Undertaking 
to the Transferee Company under Clause 8.2 and Clause 8.3 of this Scheme 
shall be subject to the Encumbrances, if any, affecting the same as hereinafter 
provided.  
10.2.  All Encumbrances, if any, existing prior to the Effective Date over the assets of  
the Transferor Companies shall, after the Effective Date, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, continue to relate and attach to such assets or any part 
thereof to which they are related or attached prior to the Effective Date, provided 
that if any  of the assets of the Transferor Companies have not been 
encumbered, such assets shall remain unencumbered and the existing 
encumbrance referred to above shall not be extended to and shall not operate 
over such assets. Further, such Encumbrances shall not relate or attach to any 
of the other assets of the Transferee Company. The absence of any formal 
amendment which may be required by a lender or trustee or third party shall not 
affect the operation of the above.  
10.3.  The existing Encumbrances over the other as sets and properties of the 
Transferee Company or any part thereof which relate to the Liabilities of the 
Transferee Company prior to the Effective Date shall continue to relate to such 
assets and properties and shall not extend or attach to any of the asse ts and 
properties of the Transferor Companies transferred to and vested in the 
Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme.  
10.4.  Any reference in any security documents or arrangements (to which the 
Transferor Companies are party) to the Transferor Companies an d their 
respective assets and properties, shall be construed as a reference to the 
Transferee Company and the assets and properties of the Transferor 
Companies transferred to the Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme. 
Without prejudice to the foregoi ng provisions, the Transferee Company may 
execute any instruments or documents or do all the acts and deeds as may be 
considered appropriate, including the filing of necessary particulars and/or 
modification(s) of charge, with the Registrar of Companies to  give formal effect 
to the above provisions, if required.  
10.5.  Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferee Company shall be 
liable to perform all obligations in respect of the Liabilities, which have been 
transferred to it in terms of this Scheme . 
10.6.  It is expressly provided that, save as herein provided, no other term or condition 
of the Liabilities transferred to the Transferee Company is amended by virtue of 
this Scheme except to the extent that such amendment is required statutorily.  
10.7.  The provisio ns of this Clause 10 shall operate notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in any instrument, deed or writing or the terms of sanction or 
issue or any security document; all of which instruments, deeds or writings or 
the terms of sanction or iss ue or any security document shall stand modified 
and/or superseded by the foregoing provisions.  
11. EMPLOYEES OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANIES  
11.1.  On the Scheme coming into effect, all staff, workmen and employees (including 
those on sabbatical / maternity leaves) of t he Transferor Companies in service 
on the Effective Date shall be deemed to have become staff, workmen and 
employees of the Transferee Company with effect from the Effective Date 
without any break or interruption in their service and on the terms and condi tions 
not less favorable than those applicable to them with reference to the Transferor 
Companies on the Effective Date, if any. For the purpose of payment of any 
compensation, gratuity, and other terminal benefits, the past services of such 
employees with  the Transferor Companies and such benefits to which the 
employees are entitled in the Transferor Companies shall also be taken into 
account and paid (as and when payable) by the Transferee Company.  
11.2.  It is expressly provided that, in so far as the Gratuity  Fund, Provident Fund, 
Superannuation Fund or any other Special Scheme(s)/Fund(s) (hereinafter 
referred as “Fund or Funds”) created or existing for the benefit of the staff, 
workmen and employees of the Transferor Companies is concerned, upon the 
Scheme co ming into effect, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for 
the Transferor Companies for all purposes whatsoever in relation to the 
administration or operation of such Fund or Funds or in relation to the obligation 
to make contributions to the sai d Fund or Funds in accordance with the 
provisions thereof as per the terms provided in the respective Fund or Funds, if 
any, to the end and intent that all rights, duties, powers and obligations of the 
Transferor Companies in relation to such Fund or Funds  shall become those of 
the Transferee Company and all the rights, duties and benefits of the staff, 
workmen and employees of the Transferor Companies under such Fund or 
Funds shall be protected, subject to the provisions of law for the time being in 
force.  It is clarified that the services of the staff, workmen and employees of the 
Transferor Companies will be treated as having been continuous for the 
purpose of the said Fund or Funds and for other benefits such as long service 
awards, if any  
11.3.  In the event t he Transferee Company has its own funds in respect of any of the 
employee benefits referred to above, the Funds shall, subject to the necessary 
approvals and permissions and at the discretion of the Transferee Company, 
be merged with the relevant funds of the Transferee Company. In the event that 
the Transferee Company does not have its own funds in respect of any of the 
above or if deemed appropriate by the Transferee Company, the Transferee 
Company may, subject to necessary approvals and permissions, main tain the 
existing funds separately and contribute thereto until such time that the 
Transferee Company creates its own funds, at which time the Funds and the 
investments and contributions pertaining to the employees shall be merged with 
the funds created by  the Transferee Company.  
11.4.  The Transferee Company shall not vary terms and conditions of service of its 
employees except in the ordinary course of its business.  
12. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
12.1.  All legal proceedings of whatsoever nature by or against the Transferor 
Companies pending and/or arising upto the Effective Date or any other future 
dispute arising post the Effective Date and relating to the Transferor Companies 
shall not abate or be disc ontinued or be in any way prejudicially affected by 
reason of the approval of the Scheme or by anything contained in this Scheme 
but shall be continued and enforced by or against the Transferee Company in 
the manner and to the same extent as would or might  have been continued and 
enforced by or against the Transferor Companies.  
12.2.  The Transferee Company undertakes to have all legal or other proceedings 
initiated by or against the Transferor Companies referred to above transfer into 
its name and to have the sam e continued, prosecuted and enforced by or 
against the Transferee Company to the exclusion of Transferor Companies.  
13. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS UNTIL EFFECTIVE DATE:   
With effect from the Appointed Date to the Effective Date:  
13.1.  The Transferor Companies undertake to preserve and carry on the business, 
with reasonable diligence and business prudence and shall not undertake 
financial commitments or sell, transfer, alienate, charge, mortgage, or encumber 
or otherwise deal with or dispose of any undertaking or any part th ereof save 
and except in each case:  
a. if the same is in its ordinary course of business as carried on by it as on 
the date of filing this Scheme with the NCLT; or  
b. if the same is expressly permitted by this Scheme; or  
c. if the prior written consent of the Board  of Directors of the Transferee 
Company has been obtained.  
 
13.2.  The Transferor Companies shall carry on and be deemed to have carried on all 
business and activities and shall stand possessed of all the assets, rights, title 
and interest for and on account of, and in trust for the Transferee Company.  
13.3.  All profits and income accruing or arising to the Transferor Companies, and 
losses and expenditure arising or incurred by them (including taxes, if any, 
accruing or paid in relation to any profits or income) for the  period commencing 
from the Appointed Date shall, for all purposes, be treated as and be deemed 
to be the profits, income, losses or expenditure (including taxes), as the case 
may be, of the Transferee Company.  
13.4.  Any of the rights, powers, authorities or privileges exercised by the Transferor 
Companies shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Transferor 
Companies for and on behalf of, and in trust for and as an agent of the 
Transferee Company. Similarly, any of the obligations, duties and commitments 
that have been undertaken or discharged by the Transferor Companies shall be 
deemed to have been undertaken for and on behalf of and as an agent for the 
Transferee Company.  
13.5.  All taxes (including, without limitation, income tax, minimum alternate tax, sales 
tax, service tax, VAT, excise and custom duties, Central Goods and Service Tax 
law (CGST), State Goods and Service Tax law (SGST) and Integrated Goods 
and Service Tax law (IGST), foreign taxes, etc.) paid or payable by the 
Transferor Companies in respect o f the operations and/or the profits of the 
Transferor Companies before the Appointed Date, shall be on account of the 
Transferor Companies and, insofar as it relates to the tax payment (including, 
without limitation, income tax, minimum alternate tax, divi dend distribution tax, 
sales tax, service tax, VAT, excise and custom duties, CGST, SGST, IGST, 
foreign taxes, etc.), whether by way of deduction at source, tax collected at 
source, advance tax or otherwise howsoever, by the Transferor Companies 
(including  any credit for dividend distribution tax on dividend received by the 
Transferor Companies from Transferor Companies’ subsidiary/ies) in respect of 
the profits or activities or operation of the Transferor Companies with effect from 
the Appointed Date, the same shall be deemed to be the corresponding item 
paid by the Transferee Company, and, shall, in all proceedings, be dealt with 
accordingly.  
13.6.  If and to the extent there are inter -corporate loans, deposits or balances as 
between the Transferor Companies and Transferee Company, the obligations 
in respect thereof shall, on and from the Appointed Date, shall stand cancelled 
and there shall be no obligation/ outstanding balance in that behalf.  
13.7.  The Transferor Companies shall not alter its equity capital structure either by 
fresh issue of shares or convertible securities (on a rights basis or by way of 
bonus shares or otherwise) or by any decrease, reduction, reclassification, sub -
division, consolidation, re -organization or by undertaking amalgamation or 
demerger or  any other mode of restructuring or in any other manner, except by 
and with the consent of the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company.  
13.8.  Without prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 13.1 to Clause 13.7, with effect 
from the Appointed Date, all inter -party transactions between the Transferor 
Companies and the Transferee Company shall be considered as intra -party 
transactions for all purposes from the Appointed Date.  
The Transferee Company shall be entitled, pending the sanction of the Scheme, 
to apply to the Central Government and all other agencies, departments and 
authorities concerned as are necessary under any law for such consents, 
approvals and sanctions which the Transferee Company may require to carry 
on the business of the Transferor Companies.  
14. Tax Matters  
14.1.  Upon the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, all taxes and 
duties payable by the Transferor Companies (including under the IT Act, Central 
Excise Act, 1944, Finance Act, 1994, Customs Act, 1962, goods and services 
tax laws and all other Applicable Laws dealing with tax or duties or levies), 
accruing and relating to the Transferor Companies shall be treated as taxes and 
duties payable by the Transferee Company. Similarly, all credits for taxes under 
applicable tax laws, inclu ding but not limited to tax deducted at source credits, 
tax collected at source credits, minimum alternate tax credit available to the 
Transferor Companies shall, for all purposes, be treated as tax deducted at 
source credits, tax collected at source credi ts, minimum alternate tax credit, as 
the case may be, of the Transferee Company and the relevant authorities shall 
be bound to transfer to the account of and give credit for the same to the 
Transferee Company upon the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribuna l. 
Similarly, any advance tax, self -assessment tax payment made by the 
Transferor Companies shall also be deemed to have been made by the 
Transferee Company.  
14.2.  Upon the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, all unutilized 
credits, claims an d exemptions, benefit of carried forward losses and 
unabsorbed depreciation, if any, as per Section 116 of the IT Act, expenditures 
not allowed as deduction either under Section 37 of the IT Act or under any 
other provisions of the IT Act, any incentives o r incentive schemes whether 
present or future, any refunds, interest due thereon and other statutory benefits, 
including in respect of income tax (including but not limited to tax deducted at 
source, tax collected at source, advance tax, minimum alternate tax credit etc.), 
CENVAT, customs, sales tax, value added tax, service tax, goods and services 
tax including the Integrated Goods and Services Tax input tax credit, Central 
Goods and Services Tax input tax credit and State Goods and Services Tax 
input tax credit, etc. to which the Transferor Companies are entitled to, shall be 
available to and vest in Transferee Company, without any requirement of a 
further act or deed. Further any concessional or statutory forms under 
applicable law issued or received by t he Transferor Companies, if any, shall be 
deemed to be issued or received in the name of the Transferee Company in the 
same manner and to the same extent as would have been available to the 
Transferor Companies. Additionally, any taxes paid and taxes deduc ted at 
source and deposited by the Transferor Companies on inter se transactions 
during the period between the Appointed Date and Effective Date shall be 
treated as advance tax paid by the Transferee Company and shall be available 
to the Transferee Company  for setoff against its liability under IT Act and excess 
so paid shall be eligible for refund together with interest.  
14.3.  Upon the Effective Date,all taxes including income tax, customs duty, goods 
and services tax, etc. paid or payable by the Transferor Comp anies in respect 
of the operations and/ or the profits of the business on and from the Appointed 
Date, shall be on account of the Transferee Company and, in so far as it relates 
to the tax payment (including without limitation income tax, customs duty, goo ds 
and service tax etc.), whether by way of deduction at source, advance tax or 
otherwise howsoever, by the Transferor Companies in respect of the profits or 
activities or operation of the business on and from the Appointed Date, the same 
shall be deemed t o be the corresponding item paid by the Transferee Company, 
and, shall in all proceedings, be dealt with accordingly.  
14.4.  Upon the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, the Transferor 
Companies and the Transferee Company are expressly permitt ed to file or 
revise or reopen their respective financial statements (including balance sheet 
and profit and loss account) revise and file their respective tax returns along 
with prescribed forms, filings and annexures under the IT Act, GST, central 
sales tax, applicable state value added tax, service tax laws, excise duty laws 
and other tax laws and to claim refunds and/or credit for taxes paid (including 
tax deducted at source, etc.) and for matters incidental thereto, if required, to 
give effect to the p rovisions of the Scheme notwithstanding that the statutory 
period may have lapsed.  
14.5.  All the expenses incurred by the Transferor Companies and the Transferee 
Company in relation to the Amalgamation, including stamp duty expenses, if 
any, shall be allowed as deduction to the Transferee Company in accordance 
with the provisions of the IT Act.  
14.6.  Upon the Effective Date, any tax deposited, certificates issued or returns filed 
by the Transferor Companies shall continue to hold good as if such amounts 
were deposited,  certificates were issued, and returns were filed by the 
Transferee Company. Any TDS deducted by, or on behalf of the Transferor 
Companies on inter se transactions will be treated as advance tax deposited by 
the Transferee Company and shall be available to  the Transferee Company for 
set off against its liability under the IT Act, and excess tax so paid shall be 
eligible for refund together with interest.  
14.7.  Upon the Effective date, all tax assessment proceedings or appeals of the 
Transferor Companies shall be  continued and enforced by or against the 
Transferee Company in the same manner as would or might have been 
continued and enforced by or against the Transferor Companies and any 
outstanding demand of the income tax department against the Transferor 
Compani es shall be payable by the Transferee Company subject to its rights 
under the law of appeal etc. before jurisdictional court or tribunal. The sanction 
of the Scheme shall not prejudice the rights of the Income Tax Department. 
Further, any refund, tax credi t and adjustment under applicable tax laws 
pertaining to the Transferor Companies consequent to the assessments made 
on the Transferor Companies and for which no credit is taken in the accounts 
as on the date immediately preceding the Appointed Date shall belong to and 
be received by the Transferee Company. The appropriate Government 
Authorities shall be bound to transfer to the account of and give credit for the 
same to the Transferee Company upon the sanction of this Scheme by the 
Tribunal.  
 
15. COMPLIANCE WI TH TAX LAWS  
15.1.  This Scheme has been drawn up to comply with the provisions relating to 
“amalgamation” as defined under section 2(6) of IT Act 2025 and other 
applicable provisions of the IT Act as prevailing on the date of filing of the 
Scheme with NCLT. If an y terms or provisions of this Scheme are found to be 
or are interpreted to be inconsistent with any of the said provisions of the IT Act 
at a later date, whether as a result of any amendment of law or any judicial or 
executive interpretation or for any oth er reason whatsoever, the provisions of 
the IT Act shall prevail. This Scheme shall stand modified to the extent 
determined necessary to comply with the said provisions. Such modification will 
not affect other parts of this Scheme. The power to make such a mendments as 
may become necessary shall vest with the respective Boards of Directors of the 
Companies, which power can be exercised at any time and shall be exercised 
in the best interests of the Companies, their shareholders and other 
stakeholders.  
15.2.  Upon t he Scheme becoming effective, the Transferee Company is expressly 
permitted to revise its financial statements and tax returns, if and to the extent 
required, in accordance with applicable law  
   
----------------  
This space is intentionally left blank  
 
  
PART D  
CANCELLATION, ACCOUNTING TREATMENT, DISSOLUTION OF THE 
TRANSFEROR COMPANIES, AND OTHER RELEVANT CLAUSES  
  
16. CANCELLATION OF SHARES HELD BY THE TRANSFEREE COMPANY  
16.1.  Transferor Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
Company, accordingly, upon the Scheme becoming effective, all the equity 
shares as held by the Transferee Company in the equity share capital of the 
Transferor Companies either by itself or through its nominees shall stand 
cancelled and extinguished. Therefore, the re will be no issuance and allotment 
of shares as consideration by the Transferee Company to the shareholders of 
the Transferor Companies upon coming into effect of the Scheme. The 
investments in the shares of the Transferor Companies, appearing in the boo ks 
of accounts of Transferee Company shall, without any further act or deed, stand 
cancelled.  
17. ACCOUNTING TREATMENT  
A. In the Book of the Transferee Company:  
17.1.  Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Scheme, the Transferee 
Company shall account for the amalgamation of the Transferor Company No. 1 
and Transferor Company No. 2 (together referred to as Transferor Companies) 
in accordance with the Pooling of Interest Method of accounting as laid down in 
Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard (“Ind AS”) 103  (Business 
Combinations of entities under common control) notified under Section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time) in its standalone 
financial statement such tha t: 
i. Transferee Company shall record all the assets and liabilities, if any of the 
Transferor Companies vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at the carrying 
values as appearing in the standalone financial statements of Transferor 
Companies.  
 
ii. The identity of the reserves pertaining to the Transferor Companies shall 
be preserved and the Transferee Company shall record the reserves of the 
Transferor Companies in the same form and at the carrying values as 
appearing in the standalone financial statements of th e Transferor 
Companies, subject to clause (iv).  
 
iii. Pursuant to the merger of the Transferor Companies with the Transferee 
Company, the inter -company balances between the Transferee Company 
and/or the Transferor Companies, if any, shall stand cancelled and th ere 
shall be no further obligation in that behalf;  
 
iv. The value of investments held by the Transferee Company in the 
Transferor Companies, represented by its share capital and securities 
premium, if any, of the Transferor Companies shall stand cancelled and 
there shall be no further obligation in that behalf;  
 
v. The surplus, if any, arising after taking the effect clauses (i) to (iv), shall be 
adjusted in “Capital Reserve” in the financial statements of the Transferee 
Company. The deficit, if any, arising afte r taking the effect of clauses (i) to 
(iv) and adjusting existing balance of capital reserve, if any, shall be 
debited to Retained Earnings in the financial statements of the Transferee 
Company.  
 
vi. In case of any difference in accounting policy between the Transferor 
Companies and the Transferee Company, the accounting policies followed 
by the Transferee Company will prevail to ensure that the financial 
statements of Transferee Company reflect the financial position based on 
consistent accounting policies.  
 
vii. The comparative financial information in the standalone financial 
statements of the Transferee Company shall be restated for the accounting 
impact of merger as stated above, as if the merger had occurred from the 
beginning of the comparative period present ed.  However, if the entities 
came under common control after that date, the prior period information 
shall be restated only from that date;  
 
viii. For accounting purpose, the Scheme will be given effect on the date when 
all substantial conditions for merger of Transferor Companies with the 
Transferee Company are completed  
 
ix. Any matter not dealt with in Clause hereinabove shall be dealt with in 
accordance with the requirements of applicable Indian Accounting 
Standards  
 
B. In the books of Transferor Companies:  
17.2.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Companies shall stand 
dissolved without being wound up and hence, there is no accounting treatment 
prescribed under this Scheme in the books of accounts of the Transferor 
Companies.  
18. COMBINATION OF AUTHORISED SH ARE CAPITAL AND AMENDMENT 
OF MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF TRANSFEREE COMPANY  
18.1.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the authorized share capital of the 
Transferor Companies shall be transferred to and be combined with the 
authorized share capital of the Trans feree Company.  
18.2.  Upon this Scheme coming into force, the Capital Clause i.e., Clause V of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company shall, without any 
further act, instrument or deed, stand altered, modified and amended pursuant 
to Sections 13 and 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act.  
18.3.  Upon this Scheme being sanctioned and taking effect in accordance with 
applicable law, the provisions contained herein shall be deemed sufficient for 
the purposes of effecting the aforementioned am endments and increase of 
authorized share capital of the Transferee Company pursuant to Clause 18.1 
and no resolution(s) or approval from the shareholders under the other 
applicable provisions of the Act, if any, would be required to be passed 
separately.  
18.4.  In accordance with Section 232(3)(i) of the Act and the Applicable Law, the 
stamp duties and/ fees (including registration fees) paid on the authorized share 
capital of the Transferor Companies shall be utilized and applied to the 
increased authorized shar e capital of the Transferee Company pursuant to 
Clause 18.1 above and no stamp duties and/ fees would be payable for increase 
in the authorized share capital of the Transferee Company to the extent of fees 
already paid in relation to the authorized share c apital of the Transferor 
Companies.  
19. SAVING OF CONCLUDED TRANSACTIONS  
19.1.  The transfer and vesting of the entire business and Transferred Undertaking of 
the Transferor Companies pursuant to this Scheme, and the continuance of 
proceedings under Clause 12 above s hall not affect any transaction or 
proceedings already concluded by the Transferor Companies on or after the 
Appointed Date for amalgamation till the Effective Date, to the end and intent 
that the Transferee Company accepts and adopts all acts, deeds and t hings 
done and executed by the Transferor Companies in respect thereto, as if done 
and executed on its behalf.  
20. DISSOLUTION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANIES  
20.1.  On the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Companies shall stand 
dissolved without being wound up a nd without any further act or deed by the 
parties.  
20.2.  On and with effect from the Effective Date, the name of the Transferor 
Companies shall be struck off from the records of the appropriate Registrar of 
Companies.  
20.3.  Even after the Scheme becomes effective, the  Transferee Company shall be 
entitled to operate all bank accounts of the Transferor Companies and realize 
all monies and complete and enforce all pending contracts and transactions in 
respect of the Transferor Companies in the name of the Transferee Compa ny 
in so far as may be necessary until the transfer and vesting of rights and 
obligations of the Transferor Companies to the Transferee Company under this 
Scheme is formally effected by the parties concerned.  
 
 
 
----------------  
This space is intentionally  left blank  
  
  
  
 
  
PART E  
  
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
  
21. APPLICATION TO NCLT  
21.1.  The Transferor Companies and the Transferee Company shall make all 
necessary joint or separate applications / petitions under Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules & 
regulations framed in this regard to the NCLT for sanction of this Scheme and 
other incidental matters thereto under the provisions of the law including but not 
limited to seeking orders for dispensin g with or convening, holding and 
conducting of the meetings of the respective classes of the members and/or 
creditors of the Transferor Companies /Transferee Company, as may be 
directed by the NCLT or such other appropriate authority.  
21.2.  The Transferor Compan ies shall take all necessary steps for sanctioning of this 
Scheme and obtain such other approvals, if any, required under the law.  
22. MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTS OF THE SCHEME  
22.1.  The Transferor Companies and the Transferee Company by their respective 
Boards or a committee of Board (on behalf of all the stakeholders concerned 
including but not limited to shareholders, creditors, etc.) may by own volition 
undertake necessary modifications/amendments or assent to any 
modifications/amendments to the Scheme or to any  conditions or limitations that 
the NCLT and/or any other authority may deem fit to direct or impose or which 
may otherwise be considered necessary, desirable or appropriate by them (i.e. 
the Board). The Transferee Company’s Board including any committee o f Board 
and the Transferor Companies’ Board be and is hereby authorized to take all 
such steps as may be necessary, desirable or proper to resolve any doubts, 
difficulties or questions whether by reason of any directive or orders of any other 
authorities o r otherwise howsoever arising out of or under or by virtue of the 
Scheme and/or any matter concerned or connected therewith and to do all acts, 
deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be necessary, 
desirable or expedient for putting the Sc heme into effect.  
22.2.  In the event of any of the conditions imposed by the NCLT or other authorities, 
which the Transferee Company and/or the Transferor Companies may find 
unacceptable for any reason, in whole or in part, or where owing to unavoidable 
commerci al constraints, involving the stakeholders (such as the shareholders 
and/or creditors) of the Companies, the Boards of the Transferee and the 
Transferor Companies deem it necessary to withdraw from giving effect to the 
Scheme then the Boards of the Transfe ree Company and the Transferor 
Companies, by mutual consent, may take necessary action(s) at any time 
before Effectiveness of the Scheme, for withdrawing the Scheme.  
23.  SCHEME CONDITIONAL ON APPROVALS/ SANCTIONS   
23.1.  This Scheme is conditional upon and subject to: 
a) The approval by the requisite majority of each class of the respective members 
and creditors of the Transferor Companies, as required under the Act or 
dispensing the meetings of the Creditors and Shareholders of the Transferor 
Companies and Transferee Company, as may be directed by the NCLT;  
 
b) The sanction of the Scheme by the NCLT under Sections 230 to 232 of the Act 
in favour of the Transferee Company and the Transferor Companies, as the 
case may be, under the said provisions and to the necessary order  sanctioning 
the Scheme being obtained;  
 
c) The requisite consent, approval or permission of any other statutory or 
regulatory authority, which by law may be necessary for the implementation of 
this Scheme;  
 
d) Certified copy of the order of the NCLT sanctioning  the Scheme being filed with 
the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies, separately by the Transferee 
Company and Transferor Companies.  
  
23.2.  Upon this Scheme being sanctioned and taking effect in accordance with 
applicable law, it shall be deemed to have resol ved and accorded all relevant 
consents under the Act or otherwise to the same extent applicable in relation to 
the merger set out in this Scheme, related matters and this Scheme itself.  
24. EFFECT OF NON -RECEIPT OF APPROVALS  
24.1.  In the event any of the approvals or sanctions referred to in Clause 23.1 above 
not being obtained or conditions enumerated in the Scheme not being complied 
with, or for any other reason, the Scheme cannot be implemented, the Boards 
of Directors or committee empowered thereof of the Transf eree Company and 
the Transferor Companies shall by mutual agreement waive such conditions as 
they consider appropriate to give effect, as far as possible, to this Scheme and 
failing such mutual agreement, the Scheme shall become null and void and shall 
stand revoked, cancelled and be of no effect and each party shall bear and pay 
their respective costs, charges and expenses in connection with the Scheme.  
24.2.  The Board of Directors of the Transferee Company and the Transferor 
Companies shall be entitled to revok e, cancel and declare the Scheme of no 
effect if they are of the view that the coming into effect of the Scheme could 
have adverse implications on the Transferee Company and the Transferor 
Companies.  
25. CONSENT OF MEMBERS AND DIRECTORS  
25.1.  On the approval of the Scheme by the members of the Transferor Companies 
and the Transferee Company pursuant to Section 230 -232 of the Act, it shall be 
deemed that the said members have also accorded all relevant consents under 
Section 13 and any other provisions of the Act, to the extent the same may be 
considered applicable.  
25.2.  The directors of the Transferee Company and the Transferor Companies may 
be deemed to be concerned and/or interested in the Scheme to the extent of 
their shareholding in the company, or to the extent the sa id directors are 
common directors in the company, or to the extent the said directors are the 
partners, directors, members of the companies, firms, association of persons, 
bodies corporate and/or beneficiary of trust, that hold shares in the company.  
26. BINDING EFFECT  
26.1.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the same shall be binding on the 
Transferor Companies, the Transferee Company and all concerned parties 
(including but not limited to shareholders, creditors, employees, concerned 
regulations authorities, etc.) without any further act, deed, matter or thing.  
27. SEVERABILITY  
27.1.  If any part of this Scheme is found to be unworkable for any reason whatsoever, 
the same shall not, subject to the decision of the Companies, affect the validity 
or implementation of the ot her parts and/ or provisions of this Scheme.  
28. COSTS, CHARGES AND EXPENSES  
28.1.  All costs, charges, taxes including duties, levies and all other expenses, if any 
(save as expressly otherwise agreed) of the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company arising o ut of or incurred in carrying out and implementing 
this Scheme and matters incidental thereto shall be borne by the Transferee 
Company.  
29. BANK ACCOUNT  
29.1.  It is hereby clarified that with effect from the Effective Date and till such time that 
the name of the ban k accounts of the Transferor Companies is replaced with 
that of the Transferee Company, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to 
operate the bank accounts of the Transferor Companies in so far as may be 
necessary. All the cheques and other negotiable in struments received or 
presented for encashment bearing the name of the Transferor Companies after 
the Effective Date shall be accepted by the bankers of the Transferee Company 
and credited to the account of the Transferee Company, if presented by the 
Trans feree Company.  
 
 
  
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
 
(Earlier
 
known
 
as
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Private
 
Limited)
                  
 
Corporate
 
Office:
 
Ground
 
Floor,
 
Vipul
 
Tech
 
Square,
 
 
Golf
 
Course
 
Road,
 
Sector-
 
43,
 
Gurugram,
 
Haryana
 
122009
 
 
 
CERTIFIED
 
TRUE
 
COPY
 
OF
 
THE
 
RESOLUTION
 
PASSED
 
AT
 
THE
 
141
st
 
MEETING
 
OF
 
BOARD
 
OF
 
DIRECTORS
 
OF
 
LENSKART
 
SOLUTIONS
 
LIMITED
 
(FORMERLY
 
KNOWN
 
AS
 
LENSKART
 
SOLUTIONS
 
PRIVATE
 
LIMITED)
 
HELD
 
ON
 
THURSDAY,
 
JULY
 
2,
 
2026
 
AT
 
2:30
 
P.M.
 
IST
 
AT
 
LENSKART
 
HQ,
 
GROUND
 
FLOOR,
 
VIPUL
 
TECH
 
SQUARE,
 
GOLF
 
COURSE
 
ROAD,
 
SECTOR
 
43,
 
GURUGRAM,
 
HARYANA,
 
INDIA
 
 
 
APPROVAL
 
OF
 
THE
 
SCHEME
 
OF
 
AMALGAMATION
 
PROPOSED
 
TO
 
BE
 
FILED
 
BEFORE
 
NATIONAL
 
COMPANY
 
LAW
 
TRIBUNAL
 
(“NCLT”)
 
PURSUANT
 
TO
 
SECTION
 
230
 
TO
 
232
 
OF
 
THE
 
COMPANIES
 
ACT,
 
2013
 
AND
 
THE
 
RULES
 
MADE
 
THEREUNDER.
 
"RESOLVED
 
THAT
 
pursuant
 
to
 
the
 
provisions
 
of
 
Sections
 
230
 
to
 
232
 
and
 
other
 
relevant
 
provisions
 
of
 
the
 
Companies
 
Act,
 
2013,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
applicable,
 
read
 
with
 
(a)
 
the
 
Companies
 
(Compromises,
 
Arrangements
 
and
 
Amalgamations)
 
Rules,
 
2016;
 
(b)
 
any
 
other
 
applicable
 
rules
 
and/or
 
regulations
 
(including
 
any
 
statutory
 
modification
 
or
 
re-enactment
 
thereof);
 
and
 
(c)
 
the
 
relevant
 
provisions
 
of
 
the
 
Memorandum
 
of
 
Association
 
and
 
the
 
Articles
 
of
 
Association
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
and
 
subject
 
to
 
the
 
requisite
 
approvals
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
applicable
 
and/or
 
necessary,
 
including
 
of
 
the
 
members
 
and
 
creditors
 
of
 
the
 
Company,
 
Hon’ble
 
National
 
Company
 
Law
 
Tribunal,
 
Delhi
 
Bench,
 
New
 
Delhi
 
(“
NCLT
”),
 
or
 
such
 
other
 
regulatory/government
 
authority
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
applicable,
 
and
 
subject
 
to
 
all
 
such
 
conditions
 
and
 
modifications
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
prescribed
 
or
 
imposed
 
by
 
any
 
of
 
the
 
aforesaid
 
authorities
 
while
 
granting
 
such
 
approvals,
 
permissions
 
and
 
sanctions,
 
which
 
may
 
be
 
agreed
 
to
 
by
 
the
 
Company,
 
upon
 
recommendation
 
of
 
the
 
Audit
 
Committee,
 
the
 
consent
 
of
 
the
 
Board
 
be
 
and
 
is
 
hereby
 
accorded
 
to
 
the
 
draft
 
Scheme
 
of
 
Amalgamation
 
('
the
 
Scheme
')
 
of
 
Dealskart
 
Online
 
Services
 
Private
 
Limited
 
(“
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.
 
1
”)
 
and
 
Lenskart
 
Eyetech
 
Private
 
Limited
 
(“
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.
 
2
”)
 
with
 
and
 
into
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
(“
Transferee
 
Company
”)
 
and
 
their
 
respective
 
shareholders
 
and
 
creditors
 
with
 
effect
 
from
 
the
 
Appointed
 
Date,
 
i.e.
 
1st
 
April
 
2026,
 
and
 
on
 
the
 
terms
 
and
 
conditions
 
set
 
out
 
in
 
the
 
Scheme
 
placed
 
before
 
the
 
Board
 
of
 
Directors,
 
and
 
the
 
same
 
be
 
and
 
is
 
hereby
 
accepted
 
and
 
approved
.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
since
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2
 
are
 
wholly
 
owned
 
subsidiaries
 
of
 
the
 
Transferee
 
Company,
 
no
 
shares
 
be
 
issued
 
by
 
the
 
Transferee
 
Company
 
as
 
a
 
consideration
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
the
 
Company
 
being
 
the
 
shareholder
 
of
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2
 
for
 
this
 
Scheme,
 
hereby
 
accords
 
its
 
consent
 
to
 
seek
 
approval
 
of
 
the
 
Hon'ble
 
NCLT
 
for
 
the
 
dispensation
 
of
 
the
 
meeting
 
of
 
shareholders
 
of
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2
 
for
 
considering
 
and
 
approving
 
the
 
Scheme.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
the
 
Company
 
being
 
the
 
creditor
 
of
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2
 
for
 
this
 
Scheme,
 
consent
 
be
 
and
 
is
 
hereby
 
accorded
 
to
 
grant
 
approval
 
/
 
no
 
objection
 
affidavit
 
along
 
with
 
the
 
other
 
documents
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
by
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2
 
or
 
authorise
 
the
 
officials
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
to
 
attend
 
the
 
meeting
 
of
 
the
 
creditors
 
of
 
the
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.
 
1
 
and
 
Transferor
 
Company
 
No.2,
 
as
 
the
 
case
 
may
 
be.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
Mr.
 
Peyush
 
Bansal
 
(DIN:
 
02070081),
 
Chairman,
 
Managing
 
Director
 
and
 
Chief
 
Executive
 
Officer;
 
Ms.
 
Neha
 
Bansal
 
(DIN:
 
02057007),
 
Executive
 
Director;
 
Mr.
 
Abhishek
 
Gupta,
 
Chief
 
Financial
 
Officer;
 
and
 
Mr.
 
Ashish
 
Kumar
 
Srivastava,
 
Company
 
Secretary
 
and
 
Chief
 
Compliance
 
Officer
 
of
 
the
 
Company,
 
be
 
and
 
are
 
hereby
 
authorized
 
to
 
take
 
all
 
steps
 
necessary
 
in
 
connection
 
with
 
the
 
following:
 
 
 
Regd.
 
Office:
 
Plot
 
No.
 
151,
 
Okhla
 
Industrial
 
Estate,
 
Phase
 
III,
 
New
 
Delhi
 
110020
 
Website:
 
www.lenskart.com
,
 
Email:
 
compliance.officer@lenskart.com
,
 
Phone
 
No:
 
0124
 
–
 
4293191
 
CIN
 
—
 
L33100DL2008PLC178355
 

Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
 
(Earlier
 
known
 
as
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Private
 
Limited)
                  
 
Corporate
 
Office:
 
Ground
 
Floor,
 
Vipul
 
Tech
 
Square,
 
 
Golf
 
Course
 
Road,
 
Sector-
 
43,
 
Gurugram,
 
Haryana
 
122009
 
 
a)
   
To
 
finalize
 
and
 
settle
 
the
 
draft
 
Scheme,
 
with
 
such
 
modification(s)
 
thereof
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required;
 
b)
  
To
 
make
 
such
 
alterations
 
and
 
changes
 
in
 
the
 
draft
 
Scheme,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
expedient
 
or
 
necessary
 
for
 
satisfying
 
the
 
conditions
 
or
 
requirement
 
imposed
 
by
 
the
 
NCLT
 
and/or
 
any
 
other
 
statutory/regulatory
 
authorities,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required,
 
provided
 
that
 
prior
 
approval
 
of
 
the
 
Board
 
of
 
Directors
 
shall
 
be
 
obtained
 
for
 
making
 
any
 
material
 
changes
 
in
 
the
 
draft
 
Scheme
 
as
 
approved
 
in
 
this
 
meeting;
 
c)
  
To
 
finalize
 
and
 
settle
 
the
 
draft
 
of
 
the
 
notices
 
for
 
convening/dispensing
 
with
 
the
 
meetings
 
of
 
the
 
shareholders
 
and/or
 
creditors
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
and
 
the
 
draft
 
of
 
the
 
explanatory
 
statements
 
under
 
Section
 
230-232
 
of
 
the
 
Companies
 
Act,
 
2013
 
in
 
terms
 
of
 
the
 
directions
 
of
 
NCLT,
 
and
 
assent
 
to
 
such
 
alterations,
 
conditions
 
and
 
modifications,
 
if
 
any,
 
in
 
the
 
notices
 
and
 
explanatory
 
statement
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
prescribed
 
or
 
imposed
 
by
 
NCLT
 
or
 
effect
 
any
 
other
 
modification
 
or
 
amendment
 
as
 
they
 
may
 
consider
 
necessary
 
or
 
desirable
 
to
 
give
 
effect
 
to
 
the
 
Scheme;
 
d)
  
Give
 
such
 
directions
 
as
 
they
 
may
 
consider
 
necessary
 
to
 
settle
 
any
 
question
 
or
 
difficulty
 
arising
 
under
 
the
 
Scheme
 
or
 
in
 
regard
 
to
 
the
 
meaning
 
or
 
interpretation
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme
 
or
 
implementation
 
thereof
 
or
 
in
 
any
 
manner
 
whatsoever
 
connected
 
therewith
 
or
 
to
 
review
 
the
 
position
 
relating
 
to
 
the
 
satisfaction
 
of
 
various
 
conditions
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme
 
and
 
if
 
necessary,
 
to
 
waive
 
any
 
of
 
those
 
(to
 
the
 
extent
 
permissible
 
under
 
law);
 
e)
  
Make
 
necessary
 
applications,
 
petitions,
 
appeals
 
and
 
judges
 
summons
 
to
 
the
 
competent
 
authorities
 
for
 
the
 
purpose
 
of
 
obtaining
 
requisite
 
approvals,
 
recognitions,
 
accreditation,
 
including
 
‘in
 
principle’
 
approvals
 
as
 
and
 
when
 
required
 
before
 
the
 
NCLT
 
or
 
any
 
Tribunal,
 
industry
 
and
 
sectoral
 
regulators,
 
State
 
or
 
Central
 
Government
 
Authorities,
 
or
 
other
 
Statutory/Regulatory
 
Authorities;
 
f)
  
Verify,
 
sign,
 
deal,
 
swear,
 
affirm,
 
declare,
 
deliver,
 
execute,
 
make,
 
enter
 
into,
 
acknowledge,
 
undertake,
 
record
 
all
 
deeds,
 
declarations,
 
instruments,
 
vakalatnama,
 
applications,
 
petitions,
 
affidavits,
 
objections,
 
notices
 
and
 
writings
 
whatsoever
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
usual,
 
necessary,
 
proper
 
or
 
expedient
 
and
 
all
 
manner
 
of
 
documents,
 
petitions,
 
affidavits
 
and
 
applications
 
under
 
the
 
applicable
 
laws
 
including
 
Companies
 
Act,
 
2013,
 
NCLT
 
Rules
 
and
 
other
 
applicable
 
laws/regulations
 
in
 
relation
 
to
 
the
 
aforesaid
 
scheme
 
and
 
to
 
represent
 
the
 
Company
 
in
 
all
 
correspondences,
 
matters
 
and
 
proceedings
 
of
 
any
 
nature
 
whatsoever
 
in
 
relation
 
to
 
the
 
above;
 
g)
    
Authenticate
 
any
 
document,
 
instrument,
 
proceeding
 
and
 
record
 
of
 
the
 
Company;
 
h)
  
Obtain
 
the
 
requisite
 
approval
 
and/or
 
consents
 
of
 
the
 
shareholders,
 
secured
 
lenders,
 
secured
 
creditors
 
and
 
unsecured
 
creditors
 
of
 
the
 
Company,
 
banks,
 
financial
 
institutions
 
and
 
other
 
regulatory
 
authorities
 
or
 
entities
 
or
 
agencies
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
and
 
for
 
that
 
purpose,
 
to
 
initiate
 
all
 
necessary
 
actions
 
and
 
to
 
take
 
other
 
consequential
 
steps
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
from
 
time
 
to
 
time
 
in
 
that
 
behalf;
 
i)
  
 
File
 
applications
 
and/or
 
petitions
 
before
 
the
 
NCLT
 
for
 
the
 
directions
 
for
 
holding/dispensing
 
meetings
 
of
 
the
 
shareholders
 
and
 
creditors,
 
for
 
sanction
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme,
 
for
 
obtaining
 
any
 
other
 
directions
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
in
 
connection
 
to
 
the
 
Scheme;
 
 
 
Regd.
 
Office:
 
Plot
 
No.
 
151,
 
Okhla
 
Industrial
 
Estate,
 
Phase
 
III,
 
New
 
Delhi
 
110020
 
Website:
 
www.lenskart.com
,
 
Email:
 
compliance.officer@lenskart.com
,
 
Phone
 
No:
 
0124
 
–
 
4293191
 
CIN
 
—
 
L33100DL2008PLC178355
 

Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
 
(Earlier
 
known
 
as
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Private
 
Limited)
                  
 
Corporate
 
Office:
 
Ground
 
Floor,
 
Vipul
 
Tech
 
Square,
 
 
Golf
 
Course
 
Road,
 
Sector-
 
43,
 
Gurugram,
 
Haryana
 
122009
 
 
j)
   
To
 
finalize
 
and
 
approve
 
notice
 
of
 
meeting
 
of
 
shareholders,
 
creditors,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required,
 
along
 
with
 
the
 
explanatory
 
statement
 
thereto
 
k)
  
To
 
file
 
requisite
 
forms
 
and
 
any
 
other
 
documents
 
with
 
the
 
Registrar
 
of
 
Companies,
 
Regional
 
Director,
 
Official
 
Liquidator
 
and/or
 
any
 
other
 
sectoral
 
regulatory
 
authority
 
and
 
to
 
follow
 
up
 
for
 
the
 
same;
 
l)
   
Incur
 
such
 
other
 
expenses
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
necessary
 
with
 
regard
 
to
 
the
 
above
 
transaction,
 
including
 
payment
 
of
 
fees
 
to
 
solicitors,
 
merchant
 
bankers,
 
advisors,
 
valuers,
 
registrars,
 
consultants
 
and
 
other
 
agencies
 
and
 
such
 
other
 
expenses
 
that
 
may
 
be
 
incidental
 
to
 
the
 
above,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
decided
 
by
 
them;
 
m)
 
To
 
withdraw
 
the
 
Scheme
 
at
 
any
 
stage
 
in
 
the
 
case
 
or
 
modification
 
as
 
required
 
in
 
the
 
scheme
 
by
 
any
 
shareholder,
 
creditor,
 
the
 
Hon’ble
 
NCLT
 
and/or
 
any
 
other
 
authority,
 
and
 
if
 
the
 
Scheme
 
cannot
 
be
 
implemented
 
otherwise
 
and
 
to
 
do
 
all
 
such
 
acts,
 
deeds
 
and
 
things
 
as
 
they
 
think
 
necessary
 
and
 
desirable
 
in
 
connection
 
therewith
 
and
 
incidental
 
thereto;
 
;
 
n)
 
Consider,
 
approve,
 
sign
 
and
 
execute
 
all
 
other
 
documents,
 
advertisements,
 
announcements,
 
disclosures,
 
etc.
 
which
 
may
 
be
 
sent/required
 
to
 
be
 
sent
 
to
 
the
 
concerned
 
authorities
 
on
 
behalf
 
of
 
the
 
Company;
 
o)
  
To
 
sign
 
and
 
execute
 
the
 
request
 
letters
 
for
 
obtaining
 
the
 
necessary
 
No-Objection/sanction
 
letters
 
for
 
the
 
dispensation
 
of
 
the
 
meetings
 
of
 
the
 
shareholders/
 
creditors
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
for
 
approving
 
the
 
Scheme
 
and
 
thereafter
 
submit
 
the
 
same
 
on
 
receipt
 
thereof
 
to
 
the
 
NCL
 
T
 
or
 
any
 
other
 
appropriate
 
authority;
 
p)
  
File
 
requisite
 
forms
 
with
 
the
 
Registrar
 
of
 
Companies
 
in
 
connection
 
with
 
the
 
Scheme
 
during
 
the
 
process
 
of
 
sanction
 
thereof
 
and
 
during
 
the
 
implementation
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme;
 
q)
   
Draft
 
necessary
 
applications
 
and
 
file
 
the
 
same
 
with
 
various
 
Statutory
 
Authorities,
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
for
 
the
 
purpose
 
of
 
sanction
 
and/or
 
implementation
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme
 
and
 
to
 
make
 
such
 
disclosures
 
to
 
governmental
 
or
 
regulatory
 
authorities
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
required
 
for
 
the
 
purpose;
 
r)
   
Sign,
 
execute
 
and
 
deliver
 
such
 
documents
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
necessary
 
and
 
do
 
all
 
such
 
other
 
acts,
 
matters,
 
deeds
 
and
 
things
 
necessary
 
or
 
desirable
 
in
 
connection
 
with
 
or
 
incidental
 
to
 
giving
 
effect
 
for
 
the
 
purpose
 
of
 
the
 
above
 
resolutions
 
or
 
to
 
otherwise
 
give
 
effect
 
to
 
the
 
transactions
 
contemplated
 
as
 
aforesaid;
 
s)
  
Do
 
all
 
such
 
acts
 
and
 
things
 
and
 
deal
 
with
 
all
 
such
 
matters
 
and
 
take
 
all
 
steps
 
as
 
may
 
be
 
necessary
 
including
 
the
 
modification
 
of
 
the
 
Scheme,
 
if
 
required,
 
and
 
do
 
all
 
such
 
other
 
acts,
 
matters,
 
deeds
 
and
 
things
 
necessary,
 
proper
 
or
 
desirable
 
in
 
connection
 
with
 
or
 
incidental
 
to
 
giving
 
effect
 
to
 
the
 
purposes
 
of
 
this
 
Resolution.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
the
 
appointment
 
of
 
Mr.
 
Abhishek
 
Nahta,
 
Practicing
 
Chartered
 
Accountant
 
(having
 
Membership
 
Number:
 
513559),
 
Ms.
 
Avinash
 
Kaur,
 
Practicing
 
Company
 
Secretary
 
(having
 
Certificate
 
of
 
Practice:
 
18255
 
and
 
Membership
 
Number:
 
F11430)
 
or
 
any
 
other
 
associate
 
of
 
PNAM
 
&
 
Co.
 
LLP,
 
having
 
its
 
office
 
at
 
F-14/15,
 
Second
 
Floor,
 
Shivam
 
House,
 
Middle
 
Circle,
 
Connaught
 
Place,
 
New
 
Delhi-110001
 
are
 
hereby
 
approved
 
and
 
be
 
appointed
 
by
 
the
 
Company
 
as
 
its
 
true
 
and
 
lawful
 
attorney
 
to
 
 
 
Regd.
 
Office:
 
Plot
 
No.
 
151,
 
Okhla
 
Industrial
 
Estate,
 
Phase
 
III,
 
New
 
Delhi
 
110020
 
Website:
 
www.lenskart.com
,
 
Email:
 
compliance.officer@lenskart.com
,
 
Phone
 
No:
 
0124
 
–
 
4293191
 
CIN
 
—
 
L33100DL2008PLC178355
 

Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
 
(Earlier
 
known
 
as
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Private
 
Limited)
                  
 
Corporate
 
Office:
 
Ground
 
Floor,
 
Vipul
 
Tech
 
Square,
 
 
Golf
 
Course
 
Road,
 
Sector-
 
43,
 
Gurugram,
 
Haryana
 
122009
 
 
sign
 
any
 
application/document,
 
to
 
make
 
appearance
 
on
 
behalf
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
and
 
further
 
authorized
 
to
 
make
 
the
 
necessary
 
alterations,
 
corrections,
 
additions/deletions
 
and
 
to
 
execute
 
any
 
paper
 
documents
 
and
 
carry
 
all
 
allied
 
and
 
other
 
incidental
 
jobs
 
in
 
connection
 
with
 
the
 
documents,
 
papers,
 
filed/
 
furnished
 
to
 
NCLT
 
or
 
any
 
other
 
authority
 
concerned
 
for
 
the
 
proposed
 
amalgamation
 
and
 
Mr.
 
Peyush
 
Bansal,
 
Chairman,
 
Managing
 
Director
 
and
 
Chief
 
Executive
 
Officer;
 
Ms.
 
Neha
 
Bansal,
 
Executive
 
Director;
 
Mr.
 
Abhishek
 
Gupta,
 
Chief
 
Financial
 
Officer;
 
and
 
Mr.
 
Ashish
 
Kumar
 
Srivastava,
 
Company
 
Secretary
 
and
 
Chief
 
Compliance
 
Officer
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
be
 
and
 
are
 
hereby
 
severally
 
authorized
 
to
 
sign
 
such
 
letters
 
of
 
engagement
 
or
 
such
 
other
 
documents
 
that
 
will
 
be
 
necessary
 
for
 
formalizing
 
the
 
engagement
 
with
 
Mr.
 
Abhishek
 
Nahta
 
and
 
Ms.
 
Avinash
 
Kaur.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
Mr.
 
Peyush
 
Bansal,
 
Chairman,
 
Managing
 
Director
 
and
 
Chief
 
Executive
 
Officer;
 
Ms.
 
Neha
 
Bansal,
 
Executive
 
Director;
 
Mr.
 
Abhishek
 
Gupta,
 
Chief
 
Financial
 
Officer;
 
and
 
Mr.
 
Ashish
 
Kumar
 
Srivastava,
 
Company
 
Secretary
 
and
 
Chief
 
Compliance
 
Officer
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
of
 
the
 
Company
 
be
 
and
 
are
 
hereby
 
severally
 
and
 
individually
 
authorized
 
to
 
sign
 
any
 
copy
 
of
 
this
 
resolution
 
as
 
a
 
certified
 
true
 
copy
 
thereof
 
and
 
furnish
 
the
 
same
 
to
 
whomsoever
 
concerned.
 
RESOLVED
 
FURTHER
 
THAT
 
this
 
resolution
 
shall
 
remain
 
in
 
full
 
force
 
and
 
effect
 
until
 
otherwise
 
amended
 
or
 
rescinded
 
by
 
the
 
Board.”
 
Certified
 
True
 
Copy
 
For
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Limited
 
(Formerly
 
known
 
as
 
Lenskart
 
Solutions
 
Private
 
Limited)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashish
 
Kumar
 
Srivastava
 
Company
 
Secretary
 
and
 
Chief
 
Compliance
 
Officer
 
Membership
 
No.:
 
F5325
 
 
Date:
 
02.07.2026
 
Place:
 
Gurugram
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd.
 
Office:
 
Plot
 
No.
 
151,
 
Okhla
 
Industrial
 
Estate,
 
Phase
 
III,
 
New
 
Delhi
 
110020
 
Website:
 
www.lenskart.com
,
 
Email:
 
compliance.officer@lenskart.com
,
 
Phone
 
No:
 
0124
 
–
 
4293191
 
CIN
 
—
 
L33100DL2008PLC178355
 

Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)                   
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector - 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009  
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020  
Website: www.lenskart.com , Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com , Phone No: 0124 – 4293191  
CIN — L331 00DL2008PLC178355  
Annexure – 2 
Details under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026  
  
Sr. No.  Particulars  Details  
a Name of the entity(ies) forming 
part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details 
in brief such as, size, turnover 
etc. Transferor Companies:   
  
i. Dealskart Online Services Private Limited  
ii. (Transferor Company No. 1):  
Turnover – INR 6247.71 Mn. (as on March 31, 2026)  
  
iii. Lenskart Eyetech Private Limited  
iv. (Transferor Company No. 2):  
Turnover – INR 312.39 Mn. (as on March 31, 2026)  
   
Transferee Company :  
  
Lenskart Solutions Limited:   
Turnover – INR 52,478.35 Mn. (as on March 31, 2026)  
b Whether the transaction would 
fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “ arm’s 
length ” Transferor Company No. 1 and Transferor Company No. 2 are wholly 
owned subsidiaries of Transferee Company and therefore the 
proposed amalgamation is amongst related parties.  
  
The proposed amalgamation does not fall within purview of related 
party transactions in terms of Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 2014 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. Further, pursuant to 
Regulation 23(5) of the LODR Regulations, the related party provi sions 
are not applicable to the proposed Scheme.  
c Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  Transferor Company No. 1 is engaged in the business of providing 
manpower services, fixed asset leasing and other ancillary services to 
Lenskart’s retail operations.  
  
Transferor Company No. 2 is engaged in the business of providing 
training services to group personnel.  
 
Transferee Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and 
retailing of eye -wear & related products.  
d Rationale for amalgamation/ 
merger  1. Streamlining of group structure by elimination of multiple entities.  
2. Consolidation of business activities to result in business 
synergies.  
e in case of cash consideration – 
amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio  Not applicable.  
 
As Transferor Company No. 1 and Transferor Company No. 2 are 
wholly owned subsidiaries of Transferee Company, no shares will be 
issued in consideration of the merger.  
   
f brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity  There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the Transferee 
Company as no shares are being issued pursuant to the merger.  
 
Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)                   
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector - 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009  
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020  
Website: www.lenskart.com , Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com , Phone No: 0124 – 4293191  
CIN — L331 00DL2008PLC178355  
 
Annexure – 3 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 
January 30, 2026 (as updated from time to time):  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a Name of the entity, date & country 
of incorporation, etc.  The proposed Joint Venture Company shall be incorporated under 
the name Lenskart Metalframes Private Limited or such other 
name as may be approved by the Central Registration Centre, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India.  
 
Country of Incorporation:  India  
Date of Incorporation:  Yet to be  incorporated.  
b Name of holding company of the 
incorporated company and relation 
with the listed entity  The proposed entity shall be incorporated as a Joint Venture 
Company between Lenskart Solutions Limited (“ the Company ”) 
and Mingfeng Glassesworld Limited, China (“ MGL ”). Upon 
incorporation, the Company shall hold 80% of the paid -up equity 
share capital of the Joint Venture Company and MGL shall hold 
the remaining 20%.  
c Industry to which the entity being 
incorporated belongs  Manufacturing of metal spectacle frames and allied optical 
products.  
 
d Brief background about the entity 
incorporated in terms of products / 
line of business  The proposed Joint Venture Company shall undertake the 
business of manufacturing of metal spectacle frames and such 
allied optical products as may be agreed between the Joint 
Venture partners from time to time.  
e Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for 
the incorporation  Incorporation of the Joint Venture Company shall be subject to 
approval of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and such other 
statutory or regulatory approvals as may be applicable. The 
requisite approval from the Government of India under Press Note 
3, wher ever applicable, has already been obtained.  
f Nature of consideration whether 
cash consideration or share swap 
and details of the same  Cash consideration.  
g Cost of subscription or the price at 
which the shares are subscribed  Equity Shares having face value of INR 10 each  
h Percentage of shareholding/ 
control by the Company and/or 
number of shares allotted  The Company shall subscribe to 8,000 Equity Shares of INR 10 
each aggregating to INR 80,000, constituting 80% of the paid -up 
equity share capital of  the Joint Venture Company.  
 
MGL shall subscribe to 2,000 Equity Shares aggregating to INR 
20,000, constituting the remaining 20%.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lenskart Solutions Limited  
(Earlier known as Lenskart Solutions Private Limited)                   
Corporate Office: Ground Floor, Vipul Tech Square,  
Golf Course Road, Sector - 43, Gurugram, Haryana 122009  
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 151, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020  
Website: www.lenskart.com , Email: compliance.officer@lenskart.com , Phone No: 0124 – 4293191  
CIN — L331 00DL2008PLC178355  
 
Annexure – 4 
 
Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 
January 30, 2026 (as updated from time to time) – Joint Venture Arrangement  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a Name of the entity(ies) with whom 
the agreement / JV is signed.  Lenskart Solutions Limited (“ the Company ”) proposes to enter 
into a Joint Venture arrangement with Mingfeng Glassesworld 
Limited, China (“ MGL ”), for incorporation of a Joint Venture 
Company in India.  
b Area of agreement / JV Manufacturing, technology collaboration, sourcing, and product 
development of metal spectacle frames and allied optical 
products.  
c Domestic / International  International Joint Venture  
 
d Share exchange ratio / JV ratio  The proposed Joint Venture Company shall be held in the ratio of 
80:20 by the Company and MGL respectively. The initial paid -up 
share capital shall comprise 10,000 Equity Shares of INR 10 each, 
out of which 8,000 Equity Shares shall be subscribed by the 
Company and 2,000 Equity Shar es shall be subscribed by MGL.  
e Scope of business operation of 
agreement / JV  The Joint Venture shall undertake the business of manufacturing, 
assembling, processing, sourcing, marketing and sale of metal 
spectacle frames, facilitate technology collaboration and 
strengthen domestic manufacturing capabilities.  
f details of consideration paid / 
received in agreement / JV  The Company proposes to make an initial investment of INR 
80,000 towards subscription of 8,000 Equity Shares of the 
proposed Joint Venture Company. MGL shall invest INR 20,000 
towards subscription of 2,000 Equity Shares.  
g significant terms and conditions of 
agreement / JV in brief  The JV agreement is yet to be executed.  
h whether the acquisition would fall 
within related party transactions 
and whether, the said parties are 
related to promoter/promoter 
group/ group companies have any 
interest in the entity being 
acquired? If yes, whether the same 
is done at “arm’s length”  Upon incorporation, the Joint Venture Company shall become a 
related party of the Company in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR 
Regulations. MGL is not related to the promoter, promoter group 
or group companies of the Company. The proposed transaction is 
intended to be undertaken on an arm's length basis.  
i size of the entity(ies)  The proposed Joint Venture Company shall be incorporated with 
an initial paid -up equity share capital of INR 1,00,000 divided into 
10,000 Equity Shares of INR 10 each.  
j rationale and benefit expected  The proposed Joint Venture is expected to strengthen the 
Company's backward integration strategy, enhance domestic 
manufacturing capabilities, facilitate technology collaboration, 
improve supply chain resilience, optimise pro curement 
efficiencies and support the Company's long -term growth strategy.  
 In the event that any such 
arrangement is called off for any 
reason, the same shall be disclosed 
along with the reasons for calling off 
the proposal.   Not Applicable  
 