 
 
 
 
May 13, 2026  
To 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
P J Towers, 1st Floor,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai -400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 539992  (Fully paid up)  To 
NSE Limited  
Manager - Listing Compliance  
'Exchange Plaza', C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Trading Symbol: LLOYDSENGG  
 
 
 
Subject:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of S ecurities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing 
Obligations and Dislcosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.  
 
Ref: Application seeking approval under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Lloyds 
Infrastructure & Construction Limited (hereinafter referred as "LICL" or “Tran sferor Company 
1") and Metalfab Hightech Private Limited ( hereinafter referred as "MHPL" or “Transferor 
Company 2") and Techno Industries Private Limited (hereinafter referred as "TIPL" or 
“Transferor Company 3") with Lloyds Engineering Works Limited (her einafter referred as 
"LEWL" or "Transferee Company” or “Company”), and their respective shareholders under 
section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)   
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
We hereby  inform you that the Competition Commission of India has approved the proposed 
Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Lloyds Infrastructure & Construction Limited and Metalfab 
Hightech Private Limited and  Techno Industries Private Limited with  Lloyds Engineering Works 
Limited, and their respective shareholders under section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 ( 'the Combination'), under Section 31(1) of the Competition Act, 2002.  
 
 
 
 
 
The details of the same as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with relevant SEBI Circulars has been enclosed as – “Annexure A ” and 
CCI’s letter approving the transaction for your referenc e. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
Regards,  
For Lloyds En gineering Works Limited   
 
 
Rahima Shaikh  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS:  63449  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure – A 
 
Disclosure of Information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a. name of the regulatory or licensing 
authority;  Competition Commission of India  
b. brief details of the approval/license 
obtained/ withdrawn/ surrendered  Competition Commission of India has approved 
the proposed Scheme of Merger by Absorption of 
Lloyds Infrastructure & Construction Limited and 
Metalfab Hightech Private Limited and Techno 
Industries Private Limited with  Lloyds 
Engineering Works Limited, and their respective 
shareholders under section 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
('the Combination'), under Section 31(1) of the 
Competition Act, 2002 . 
c. impact/relevance of such 
approval/license to the listed entity  NA 
d. withdrawal/cancellation or suspension 
of licence/approval by the regulatory or 
licensing authority, with reasons for 
such action, estimated impact (monetary 
or otherwise) on the listed entity and 
penalty, if any  NA 
e.  period for which such approval/license 
is/was valid  NA 
f.  Subsequently, the listed entity shall 
inform the stock exchange(s), the actual 
impact (monetary or otherwise) along 
with corrective actions taken by the 
listed entity pursuant to the withdrawal, 
cancellation or suspension of the key 
license/ approval.  NA 
 
