 
LLOYDS ENTERPRISES LIMITED  
Registered Address: A-2, 2nd Floor, Madhu Estate, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, L ower Parel, Mumbai – 400013  
Tel: 022 - 6291 8111 Email: lloydsenterprises@lloyds.in Website : www.lloydsenterprises.in  
(CIN) L27100MH1986PLC041252  
 16th May, 2026            
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Bo ard of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations”) of receipt of 
Observation Letter with “N o Adverse Observations” from BSE Limited and Observation Letter 
conveying “No objection” from National Stock Exchange of In dia Limited in relation to the Composite 
Scheme of Arrangement between Lloyds Realty Developers Limited ("LRDL" or “Transferor Company 
1"), Indrajit Properties Private Limited ("IPPL" or “Transfer or Company 2"), Lloyds Enterprises 
Limited ("LEL" or "Transferee Company" or “Demerged Company” o r “Company”)   and Lloyds Realty 
Limited ("LRL" or “Resulting Company"), and their respective  shareholders under Sections 230 to 
232 read with Section 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companie s Act, 2013 (“Scheme”) . 
Dear Sir/ Madam,   
This is with reference to our letter dated 22nd December, 2025, intimating the approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company to the Scheme, subject to receipt of applicable regu latory and other 
approvals.  
In this regard, we wish to inform you that the Company has received Observa tion Letter with “N o 
Adverse Observations” from BSE Limited and Observation Letter conveying “No  objection” from 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited on 15th May, 2026 on the Scheme.  
The Scheme remains subject to the receipt of necessary statutory and regulatory appr ovals as may be 
required under the applicable laws, including the approvals of the respective shareh olders and 
creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, and the jurisdictional N ational Company Law 
Tribunal.  
The copy of the aforesaid observation letter is enclosed herewith and also made accessibl e on the 
Company’s website at https://www.lloydsenterprises.in/ . 
Request you to kindly take the above on record  
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Lloyds Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Pranjal Mahapure   
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS69408 
Encl: as above To, To, 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 1st Floor,  Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 512463  NSE Symbol: LLOYDSENT 
  
 
 
 Ref: NSE/LIST/52937                                             May 15, 2026 
The Company Secretary, 
Lloyds Enterprises Limited 
                                  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for draft Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Lloyds Realty 
Developers Limited(“Transferor Company 1” or “LRDL”), Indrajit Properties Private 
Limited(“Transferor Company 2” or “IPPL”), Lloyds Enterprises Limited (“Transferee 
Company” or “Demerged Company” or “LEL”) and Lloyds Realty Limited (“Resulting 
Company” or ‘’LRL’’) and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Lloyds Enterprises Limited. 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/  52937 dated March 16, 2026, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 
read with Regulation 94(2) SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, SEBI vide its letter dated May 15, 2026 has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the 
draft scheme of arrangement:  
 
a. The Company shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme. 
b. The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company 
after filing the Scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is 
displayed on the websites of the Listed Company and the Stock Exchanges. 
c. The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. 
 
d. The Company shall ensure that entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various 
provisions of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of the Transferor Company are 
transferred to the Transferee company. 
 
e. The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies 
involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is 
sent to the shareholders for seeking approval. 
 
f. The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered 
for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, May 15, 2026 18:15:18 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/52937                          May15, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 g. The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders. 
 
h. The Companies shall disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013- 
 
• Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by 
Registered Valuer. 
• Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification for growth 
rate considered for valuation 
• Need for the merger/demerger, rationale of the scheme and swap ratio, synergies of 
business of the entities involved in the scheme, impact of the scheme on the minority 
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme. 
• Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for last 
3 years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in 
the scheme. 
• Value of Assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies/Demerged Company that are 
being transferred to Transferee company/ Resulting company and post-merger balance 
sheet of Transferee Company. 
• Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme it s promoters 
/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to the 
shareholders. 
• No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial 
institutions / debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part – I of SEBI Master Circular. 
• Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the 
entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders. 
• Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of same on the scheme. 
• Details of shareholders of Transferor companies and their classification as Promoters 
and Public shareholders in Transferee Company, post scheme 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, May 15, 2026 18:15:18 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/52937                          May15, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 Name of the 
Shareholder Shares held in 
Transferor/Demerged 
Company Share 
Exchange 
Ratio Shares being 
allotted in 
Transferee/Result 
ing Company. 
(If not, reasons 
for the same.) Classification in 
Transferee/Resulting 
Company 
(Promoter/Public) Detailed 
Justification 
for 
classification 
 
Promoter and Promoter group 
      
Public Shareholders 
 
• Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the date 
of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed 
in the explanatory statement. 
 
i. The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only . 
 
j. The Company shall ensure that that the “Scheme” shall be acted  upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document  
 
k. The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. 
 
l. The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the 
observations to the notice of NCLT. 
 
m. The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the 
creditors for the proposed scheme. 
 
n. It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 
230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / 
representations. 
 
o. The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter 
of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same. 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, May 15, 2026 18:15:18 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/52937                          May15, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after pr ocessing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated unde r section 230(5) 
of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular, to SEBI 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed 
that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking 
given in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No 
objection” in terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the 
Company to file the draft scheme with NCLT. 
 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Lloyds Realty Limited  
 is at the discretion of the Exchange. 
 
The listing of Lloyds Realty Limited  pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to SEBI 
approval & Company satisfying the following conditions: 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Lloyds Realty 
Limited  and its group companies in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for public 
issues with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for making the same available to 
the public through website of the companies. The following lines must be inserted as a disclaimer 
clause in the Information Memorandum:  
 
“The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the 
Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or 
endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Lloyds 
Realty Limited, its promoters, its management etc.”  
 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information about Lloyds Realty 
Limited in line with the details required as per SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a 
specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the 
company as well as NSE. 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, May 15, 2026 18:15:18 IST
Location: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/52937                          May15, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 3. To disclose all the material information about Lloyds Realty Limited to NSE on continuous basis 
to make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries 
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:  
 
a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.”  
b) “There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in Lloyds Realty Limited 
between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this approval.”  
 
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Lloyds Realty Limited 
shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading in securities 
commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon’ble High Court/NCLT, 
simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity (or transfer 
entity) are/were listed. Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict 
adherence to said timeline. 
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of 
Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations 
issued by statutory authorities. 
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from May 15, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT. 
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to 
obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately 
take up matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > 
Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59A of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter 
to Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Khyati Vidwans  
Chief Manager 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies-listing/raising-cap ital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist   
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: KHYATI NANDAN VIDWANS
Date: Fri, May 15, 2026 18:15:18 IST
Location: NSE
DCS/AMAL/RD/R37/73/2026-27 BSE 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
Lloyds Enterprises Limited 
A2, 2nd Floor, Madhu Estate, 
Pandurang Budhkar Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra — 400 013. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Composite Scheme of Arrangement by Lloyds Enterprises Limited 
We refer to your application for Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Lloyds Realty 
Developers Limited (“Transferor Company 1”) and Indrajit Properties Private Limited (“Transferor 
Company 2”) and Lloyds Enterprises Limited (“LEL” or “Transferee Company”) and Lloyds Realty 
Limited (“Resulting Company”) under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015, 
read with SEBI Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Reg. 
94 (2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated May 15, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) 
on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: - 
1. “The entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme.” 
2. “The entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the website(s) of the listed company and the stock exchanges.” 
3. “The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.” 
4. “The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular 
and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee 
Company.” 
5. “The entity is advised that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, if 
any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval.” 
6. “The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.” 
Page 1 of 4 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 40000 1, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L671I20MH2005PLC155188
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
“The entity is advised that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders.” 
“Both the entities are advised to disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or 
notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to 
the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 - 
a) Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by 
Registered Valuer. 
b) Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification for growth 
rate considered for valuation. 
c) Need for merger / demerger, Rationale of the Scheme and swap ratio, Synergies of 
business of the entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the minority 
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme. 
d) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for last 3 
years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in 
the scheme. 
e) Value of Assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies/Demerged Company that are being 
transferred to Transferee company/ Resulting company and post-merger balance sheet of 
Transferee Company. 
f) Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company 
to the shareholders. 
g) No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the lending scheduled commercial banks/financial 
institutions/ debenture trustees as per para A(2)(k) of Part— | of SEB! Master Circular. 
h) Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the 
entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders. 
i) Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of same on the scheme. 
j) Details of shareholders of transferor company and their classification as Promoters and 
Public shareholders in transferee company post scheme. 
  
Name of the | Shares held | Share Shares being | Classification | Detailed 
Shareholder | in Exchange | allotted in | in Transferee / | justification 
Transferor / | Ratio Transferee / | Resulting for 
Demerged Resulting Company classification 
Company Company (Promoter / 
Public) 
(If not, reasons 
for the same)       
Promoter and Promoter Group   
            
Public Shareholders 
      
Page 2 of 4
BSE 
k) Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 modnths"froth’the’° 
date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be 
disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
9. “The entity is advised that that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the Scheme” 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.” 
10. “The entity is advised that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant complying 
with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.” 
11. “No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/authorities / 
tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.” 
12. “The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in 
the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.” 
13. “The entity is advised to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for 
the proposed scheme.” 
14. “The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter 
of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.” 
15. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 
230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / 
representations.” 
16. “The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.” 
17. “Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of 
any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the 
documents submitted.” 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited reference 
to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements within the 
provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with Hon’ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or 
approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the financial 
soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the 
document submitted. 
Page 30f4
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company to 
the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about unlisted 
company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the Master circular 
no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from the 
date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its ‘No adverse observation’ at any stage if the information 
submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or for any 
contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with any 
other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), read 
with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 (Company 
Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein pursuant to an Order 
passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the proposed scheme of 
compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 
as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange seeking representations or objections 
if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices served 
upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of serving such Notice 
along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes through the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange’s representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through the Listing 
Centre only and_no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to circular dated 
February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
Yours faithfully, 0 {ah : 
Marian Dsouza Abhishek Kadlak 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page 4 of 4