 
LLOYDS ENTERPRISES LIMITED  
Registered Address: A-2, 2nd Floor, Madhu Estate, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, L ower Parel, Mumbai – 400013  
Tel: 022 - 6291 8111 Email: lloydsenterprises@lloyds.in Website : www.lloydsenterprises.in  
(CIN) L27100MH1986PLC041252  
   19th May, 2026  
To, To, 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 1st Floor,  Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 512463  NSE Symbol: LLOYDSENT 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obl igations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Scheme of Merger by Absorption  between Lloyds Infrastructure 
& Construction Limited ("LICL" or “Transferor Company 1") And Metalfab Hightech Private Limited 
("MHPL" or “Transferor Company 2") And Techno Industries Private L imited ("TIPL" or “Transferor 
Company 3") with Lloyds Engineering Works Limited ("LEWL" o r "Transferee Company" or 
“Material Subsidiary of Lloyds Enterprises Limited”) a nd their respective shareholders under 
Section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)  
Dear Sir,  
Pursuant to the captioned subject and under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations an d 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform that Lloyds E ngineering Works 
Limited ("LEWL" or "Transferee Company" or “Material Subsidiary of Lloyds Enterprises Limited ”) 
has received the “ No Objection Certificate ” for the Scheme from National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited vide letter dated May 18, 2026 and from BSE Limited vide letter dat ed May 19, 2026.  
The copy of the aforesaid observation letters is enclosed herewith for you r reference. This intimation 
will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at https://www.lloydsenterprises.in/ . 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Lloyds Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Pranjal Mahapure   
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS69408 
 
Encl: as above 
  
 
 
 
 Non -Confidential   
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53051                                    May 18, 2026 
 
The Company Secretary  
Lloyds Engineering Works Limited  
                                 
Dear Sir /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter for  draft scheme of Merger by Absorption between Lloyds 
Infrastructure & Construction Limited (“Transferor Company 1” or “LICL”) , Metalfab 
Hightech Private Limited (“Transferor Company 2” or “MHPL”), Techno Industri es Private 
Limited (“Transferor Company 3” or  “TIPL”) with Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
(“Transferee Company” or “LEWL’’) and their respective shareholders under sect ions 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
We are in receipt for  captioned  draft scheme filed by Lloyds Engineering Works Limited. 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 53051 dated March 30, 202 6, submitted  to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ,  
SEBI vide its letter dated May 18, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings,  
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters and directors, before the Hon’ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of 
the scheme.  
 
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is di splayed on 
the websites of the listed company.  
 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. T he 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the  Circular and 
ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transfer ee Company. 
 
d) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, 
if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval.  
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                     May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. 
 
f) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders. 
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. 
 
h) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. 
 
i) No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities / tribunal s 
shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. 
 
j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the 
notice of NCLT. 
 
k) The Company shall comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules 
and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the 
proposed scheme. 
 
l) The Company shall ensure to disclose the following  additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution 
to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 to enable them to take an informed decision– 
 
i. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of Transferee Company. 
 
ii. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme. 
 
iii. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred to Transfer ee 
Company. 
 
iv. Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by  
Registered Valuer.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                     May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  v. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for l ast 3 
years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved i n the  
scheme .  
 
vi. Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the entities  
involved in the scheme with the public shareholders. 
 
vii. Status of No Objection Certificate (“NOC”) from the Lending Scheduled Commercial 
Banks/Financial Institutions/Debenture Trustees as per para -A(2)(k) of Part – I of SEBI Master 
Circular. 
 
viii. Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along with  
the impact of same on the scheme. 
 
ix. Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the date of 
NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the  
explanatory statement. 
 
x. Revised shareholding pattern of transferor and transferee companies Pre and Post- Merger.  
 
xi. Disclosure w.r.t. relationship between Mr. Balasubramanian Prabhakaran, Thriveni 
Earthmovers Private Limited, Streamland Estate LLP and transferee company. 
 
xii. Details of shareholders of Transferor Company and their classification as Promoters and 
Public shareholders in Transferee Company post scheme 
 
Name of the 
Shareholder Shares 
held in 
transferor 
company Share 
Exchange 
Ratio  Shares 
being 
allotted in 
transferee 
company. 
(If not, 
reasons for  
the same) Classification in 
transferee 
company post 
scheme 
(Promoter/Public) Detailed 
Justification 
for 
classification  
      
 
xiii. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of transferor and transferee companies as on the date of 
notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing 
of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                     May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  xiv. Disclose all pending actions / proceedings against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company t o the  
shareholders. 
 
xv. The Company shall ensure the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the company to the stock exchange as 
per Annexure- L of exchange checklist.  
 
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and  
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, t he 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of  
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations. 
 
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submi tted. 
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Ci rcular to National 
Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE),  should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National  Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctne ss of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after p rocessing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exch ange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the  draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye- laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations i ssued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                     May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from  May 18 , 2026 , within  which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be requi red to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any. 
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating th e compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following p ath: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on websit e of the exchange at the following                           
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues -main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
DCS/AMAL/RD/R37/76/2026-27 May 19, 2026 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
Plot No A -5/5, MIDC Industrial Area, 
Murbad, Dist. Thane, 
Thane, Maharashtra — 421 401. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Scheme of Arrangement by Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
We refer to your application for Scheme of Arrangement between Lloyds Infrastructure & 
Construction Limited (LICL/ Transferor Company 1), Metalfab Hightech Private Limited (MHPL/ 
Transferor Company 2) and Techno Industries Private Limited (TIPL/ Transferor Company 3) with 
and into Lloyds Engineering Works Limited (LEWL/Transferee Company) and their respective 
shareholders and creditors. under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015, read with SEBI Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 
2023 and Reg. 94 (2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated May 18, 2026, has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: - 
1. “The entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, 
against the Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and 
shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme.” 
2. “The entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company 
after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is 
displayed on the website(s) of the listed company and the stock exchanges.” 
3. “The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. 
The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the 
Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the 
Transferee Company.” 
4. “The entity is advised that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies 
involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, 
which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.” 
go 
Page 1lof5 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 40000 1, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188
10. 
11. 
12. BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
“The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials 
considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.” 
“The entity is advised that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the 
notice sent to the Shareholders.” 
“The entity is advised that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of 
the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.” 
“The entity is advised that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.” 
“No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities 
/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.” 
“The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring 
the observations to the notice of NCLT.” 
“The entity is advised to comply with the all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the 
creditors for the proposed scheme.” 
“The entity is advised to ensure that the following additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying 
resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while 
seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 - 
a) Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of Transferee Company. 
b) Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved 
in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis 
of the scheme. 
c) Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company. 
d) Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued 
by Registered Valuer. 
e) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for 
last 3 years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities 
involved in the scheme. 
f) Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of 
the entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders. 
g) Status of No Objection Certificate (“NOC”) from the Lending Scheduled Commercial 
Banks/Financial Institutions/Debenture Trustees as per para-A(2)(k) of Part-| of SEBI 
Master Circular. 
Page 20f5
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
h) Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders 
along with the impact of same on the scheme. 
i) Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the 
date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to 
be disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
j) Revised shareholding pattern of transferor and transferee companies Pre and Post- 
Merger. 
k) Disclosure w.r.t. relationship between Mr. Balasubramanian Prabhakaran, Thriveni 
Earthmovers Private Limited, Streamland Estate LLP and transferee company. 
\) Details of shareholders of transferor company and their classification as Promoters 
and Public shareholders in transferee company post scheme.   Name __ of | Shares Share Shares Classification in | Detailed 
the held in | Exchang | being Transferee justificatio 
Sharehold | Transferor | e Ratio allotted in| Company post; n for 
er Company Transferee | scheme classificati 
Company (Promoter /)on 
Public) 
(If not, 
reasons for 
the same)   
                
m) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of transferor and transferee companies as on the 
date of notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for change, if any, 
occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
n) Disclose all pending actions/ proceedings against the entities involved in the 
scheme its promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the 
Transferee Company to the shareholders. 
13. “The entity shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any to be submitted to 
SEBI along with draft sscheme of arrangement as advised by email dated May 19, 2026 
shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders.” 
14. “It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after 
processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by 
SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for 
representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again 
for its comments / observations / representations.” 
Page3of5
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
15. “Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or 
opinions expressed in the documents submitted.” 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited 
reference to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements 
within the provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with 
Hon’ble NCLT. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI/Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared 
or approved by SEBI/Exchange. SEBI/Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the document submitted. 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the company 
to the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose information about 
unlisted company involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the 
Master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be six months from 
the date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its ‘No adverse observation’ at any stage if the 
information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/incorrect/misleading/false or 
for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with 
any other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), 
read with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 
(Company Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein 
pursuant to an Order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the 
proposed scheme of compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 
of the Companies Act 2013 as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchange 
seeking representations or objections if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of 
servin h Notice along with the relevant documents of the pr sed schemes through 
the BSE Listin ntre. 
Page 4o0f5
BSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange’s representations or objections if any, would be ted a roce throu 
the Listing Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to 
circular dated February 26, 2019, issued to the company 
    Yours faithfully, 
Marian Dsouza hishek Kadlak 
Assistant Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page 50f5