 
 
 
 
May 1 9, 2026  
To 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
P J Towers, 1st Floor,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai -400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 539992  (Fully paid up)  
 To 
NSE Limited  
Manager - Listing Compliance  
'Exchange Plaza', C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Trading Symbol: LLOYDSENGG  
 
 
Subject:  Intimation under Regulation 30  of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) of receipt 
of Observation Letter conveying “No objection” from NSE in relation to  Scheme of Merger by 
Absorption of Lloyds Infrastructure & Construction Limited (hereinafter referred as "LICL" or 
“Transferor Company 1") and Metalfab Hightech Private Limited ( hereinafter referred as "MHPL" 
or “Transferor Company 2") and Techno Industri es Private Limited (hereinafter referred as "TIPL" 
or “Transferor Company 3") with Lloyds Engineering Works Limited (hereinafter referred as 
"LEWL" or "Transferee Company” or “Company”), and their respective shareholders under 
section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)   
Dear Sir  / Madam,  
This is with reference to our letter dated December 2 9, 2025, intimating the approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company to the Scheme, subject to receipt of applicable regulatory and other 
approvals.  
 
We wish to inform you that the Company has received the ‘No Objection Certificate’ for the Scheme 
from National Stock Exchange of India Limited vide letter dated May 18, 2026 and from BSE Limited 
vide letter dated May 19, 2026.  
The Scheme remains subject to the receipt of necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as may be 
required under the applicable laws, including the approvals of the respective shareholders and 
creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, and the jur isdictional National Company Law 
Tribunal.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The copy of the aforesaid observation letter is enclosed herewith and also made accessible on the 
Company’s website at  https://www.lloydsengg.in/ . 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record . 
Regards,  
For Lloyds En gineering Works Limited  
 
 
Rahima Shaikh  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS: 63449  
 
 
 Non -Confidential   
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53051                                     May 18, 2026 
 The Company Secretary  
Lloyds Engineering Works Limited  
                                 Dear Sir  /Madam , 
 Sub: Observation Letter for draft scheme of Merger by Absorption between Lloyds 
Infrastructure & Construction Limited (“Transferor Company 1” or “LICL”), Metalfab Hightech Private Limited (“Transferor Company 2” or “MHPL”), Techno Industries Private Limited (“Transferor Company 3” or  “TIPL”) with Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
(“Transferee Company” or “LEWL’’) and their respective shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
We are in receipt for  captioned  draft s cheme filed by Lloyds Engineering Works Limited. 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 53051  dated March 30, 2026,  submitted  to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  
SEBI vide its letter dated May 18, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure to disclose all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters and directors, before the Hon’ble NCLT and shareholder s, while seeking approval of 
the scheme.  
 
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company.  
 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time . The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee Company.  
 
d) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.  
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                      May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. 
 
f) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders. 
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the “Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. 
 
h) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the applicant complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. 
 
i) No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.  
j) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT.  
 
k) The Company shall comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme.  
 
l) The Company shall ensure to disclose the following additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders  as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution 
to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 to enable them to take an informed decision– 
 
i. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of Transferee Company . 
 
ii. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
 
iii. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred to Transferee Company . 
 
iv. Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by  
Registered Valuer.  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                      May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  v. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for last 3 
years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in the  
scheme.  
 
vi. Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the entities  
involved in the scheme with the public shareholders . 
 
vii. Status of No Objection Certificate (“NOC”) from the Lending Scheduled Commercial 
Banks/Financial Institutions/Debenture Trustees as per para- A(2)(k) of Part – I of SEBI Master 
Circular . 
 
viii. Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along with  
the impact of same on the scheme . 
 
ix. Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the  
explanatory statement.  
 
x. Revised shareholding pattern of transferor and transferee companies Pre and Post -Merger.  
 
xi. Disclosure w.r.t. relationship between Mr. Balasubramanian Prabhakaran, Thriveni Earthmovers Private Limited, Streamland Estate LLP and transferee company . 
 
xii. Details of shareholders of Transferor Company and their classification as Promoters and 
Public shareholders in Transferee Company post scheme  
 
Name of the 
Shareholder  Shares 
held in 
transferor 
company  Share 
Exchange Ratio  Shares 
being 
allotted in 
transferee company . 
(If not, 
reasons for  
the same ) Classification in 
transferee company  post 
scheme (Promoter/Public)  Detailed 
Justification for classification  
      
 
xiii. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of transferor and transferee companies as on the date of 
notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing 
of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                      May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  xiv. Disclose all pending actions / proceedings  against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to the  
shareholders . 
 
xv. The Company shall ensure the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders, which was submitted by the company to the stock exchange as  
per Annexure -L of exchange checklist.  
 
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of  
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations. 
 
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE),  should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National  Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/  53051                                      May 18, 2026 
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from  May 18, 2026, within  which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues- main -sme-checklist   
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Mon, May 18, 2026 18:22:41 IST
Location: NSE




