 
 
 
 
 
Fax: +91 22 6752 5858   
www.Larsentoubro.com  
Email: igrc@larsentoubro.com   
CIN : L99999MH1946PLC004768   
 
 
Larsen & Toubro Limited  
Secretarial Department  
L&T House, Ballard Estate  
Narottam Morarjee Marg  
Mumbai - 400 001, INDIA  
Tel: +91 22 6752 5656    
Fax: +91 22 6752 5858   
www.Larsentoubro.com  
Email: igrc@larsentoubro.com   
CIN : L99999MH1946PLC004768   
 
 19 March , 2026  
SEC / 2026  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
SUB:   INTIMATION REGARDING RECEIPT OF OBSERVATION LETTERS FROM BSE  LIMITED AND THE NATIONAL STOCK 
EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED IN RELATION TO THE PROPOSED SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT BETWEEN LARSEN & 
TOUBRO LIMITED (“TRANSFEROR COMPANY/L&T”)  AND L&T  REALTY PROPERTIES LIMITED (“TRANSFEREE 
COMPANY/LTRPL”)  AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS ('SCHEME ') 
 
REF: REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI  (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS ) REGULATIONS , 2015  
('LISTING REGULATIONS ') 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
In continuation of our earlier intimation dated  08 December , 202 5, wherein it was informed  that the 
Board of Directors of Larsen & Toubro Limited had approved the Scheme of  Arrangement between 
Larsen & Toubro Limited (“ Transferor Company/L&T”) and L&T Realty Properties Limited (“ Transferee 
Company/ LTRPL ”) and their respective  Shareholders  and Creditors  ('Scheme'), subject to receipt of 
applicable regulatory approvals.   
The Company, thereafter, had filed the application with BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock  
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) under Regulations 37 of the Listing Regulations, seeking their  
Observation/ No objection to the proposed Scheme.  
In this regard, we would like to inform you that BSE and NSE, vide their letters dated 18 March , 2026 
& 19 March , 202 6, respectively  have issued their Observation Letters as required under Regulations 
37 of the Listing Regulations. Copies of observation letters of  BSE and NSE are enclosed  herewith.  
 To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
MUMBAI - 400 001  
STOCK CODE:  500510  
 To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
STOCK CODE:  LT 
 
 
 
 
 
Fax: +91 22 6752 5858   
www.Larsentoubro.com  
Email: igrc@larsentoubro.com   
CIN : L99999MH1946PLC004768   
 
 
Larsen & Toubro Limited  
Secretarial Department  
L&T House, Ballard Estate  
Narottam Morarjee Marg  
Mumbai - 400 001, INDIA  
Tel: +91 22 6752 5656    
Fax: +91 22 6752 5858   
www.Larsentoubro.com  
Email: igrc@larsentoubro.com   
CIN : L99999MH1946PLC004768   
 
 Please note that copy of this intimation is also available on the website  of the Company viz: 
(https://investors.larsentoubro.com/listing -compliance -schemeofamalgamation.aspx ).    
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours sincerely , 
 
For Larsen & Toubro Limited    
 
 
 
Subramanian Narayan   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No. – A16354  




 
 
 Non -Confidential   
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 52611                            March 1 9, 2026 
 The Company Secretary  
Larsen & Toubro Limited   
                                 Dear Sir  /Madam , 
 Sub: Observation Letter for draft Scheme of Arrangement of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
(“Transferor Company/LT”) with L&T Realty Properties Limited (“Transferee Company/LTRPL”) and their respective shareholders under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  
We are in receipt for  captioned d raft scheme of amalgamation filed by Larsen & Toubro Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/
 52611 dated February 04, 2026, submitted  to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
read with Regulation 37 , 94(2) and Regulation 94A(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  SEBI vide its letter dated March 18 , 2026, has inter alia given the 
following comment(s) on the draft scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company shall ensure that t he proposed Scheme of Arrangement shall be in compliance with 
the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
b) The Company shall ensure to disclose  all detail s of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its  promoters and directors, before the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal 
(“the NCLT ”) and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme .  
 
c) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the Stock Exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company  and Stock Exchange .  
 
d) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time . The 
entities involv ed in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master 
Circular(s) issued on June 20, 2023 and ensure that all the liabilities of the Demerged Companies are transferred to the Resulting Company.  
 
e) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval, if applicable.  
 
  
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 52611                                  March 1 9, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  f) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old, if applicable.  
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders.  
 
h) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares , if any, to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
i) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme” shall be acted upon subject to the Company complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
 
j) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any changes in the draft scheme subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock Exchange(s ).  
 
k) The Company shall not make any changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. 
 
l) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before the NCLT and the C ompany is obliged to bring the observations 
to the notice of the NCLT.  
 
m) The Company shall comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules 
and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme.  
n) The Company shall ensure the following additional disclosure to the public shareholders  as a 
part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision –  
 
i. Need for the slump sale of realty undertaking of LNTL, rationale of the scheme, synergies of 
business of the entities involved in the scheme, impact of the scheme on the shareholders and 
cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
 
ii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report, Merchant Banker issuing Fairness 
opinion, Summary of methods considered for valuation along with rationale for using the methods, if applicable . 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 52611                                  March 1 9, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  iii. Latest financials of LNTL and L&T Realty Properties Limited (“LRPL”) not older than 6 
months from the date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement . 
 
iv. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of LNTL and LRPL as on the date of notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders along with details of re -organization of Share Capital of LRPL  
 
v. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of LNTL and LRPL for last 3 years.  
 
vi. Value of assets and liabilities of LNTL that are being transferred to LRPL and post transfer balance sheet of LRPL.  
vii. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the slump sale, including integration    
challenges, market conditions and financial uncertainties.  
 
viii. Financial implication of slump sale on Public Shareholders and the companies involved. 
 
ix. Disclose all actions taken and/or initiated against the entities involved in the scheme including its promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the LNTL & LRPL to the 
shareholders along with its status.  
 
x. Detailed workings on creation of securities premium in LRPL post re -organization of the share 
capital and adjustment of the same, as proposed in para 16 of the scheme. 
 
xi. Disclose the impact on reserves of LNTL & LRPL as proposed in the scheme of arrangement along with quantitative details showing the impact for both pre & post the scheme of arrangement and the compliance with the applicable accounting standards and other applicable provisions of the  Companies Act, 2013. Disclose the approval requirement under 
the Companies Act, 2013 and other relevant details.  
 
o) The Company shall ensure to comply with the submissions made vide its letter dated            
February 27, 2026. 
 
p) The Company shall ensure that LNTL and LRPL to comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, whenever LRPL raise financial resources as stated in the proposed scheme.  
 
q) The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No -Objection letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 52611                                  March 1 9, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  r) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by NSE. National  Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft scheme with NCLT.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from March 19, 2026, within  which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT. 
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance Status.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 52611                                  March 1 9, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
Non -Confidential  P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues- main -sme-checklist   
 