"' <S> r­
<S> <t 
"' u 
...J a. 
'° ~ 
i5 
"' 0 
"' ;;; 
...J z u LUMnx 
1945 "'ETERNITY 
LA TL:SE:REG30:2025-26 Date : 30.01.2026 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001 Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400051 
Security Code : 532796 Symbol: LUMAXTECH 
Subject: Pronouncement of Order by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chandigarh Bench 
sanctioning the Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgam ation of Greenfuel Energy Solutions 
Private Limited and Lumax Resources Private Limited and their respective Shareholde rs and 
Creditors 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Ma'am, 
Further to our communication dated January 15, 2026 and other communications in connection with 
the Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgamation between Greenfuel Energy Solutions Private Limited 
(Transferor Company, which is a step-down subsidiary of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited ("the 
Company") and Lumax Resources Private Limited (Transferee Company, wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company), and their respective Shareholders and Creditors ('Scheme'), in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
the rules framed thereunder, we wish to inform you that the Company has received the certified true 
copy of the order dated January 14, 2026 rectified as per the order dated January 27, 2026 and received 
by the Company on January 30, 2026 ("Order") sanctioning the Scheme, passed by the Hon'ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Chandigarh Bench ('Hon'ble NCLT'). 
The certified copy of the Order passed by the Hon'ble NCLT sanctioning the Scheme is enclosed . A 
certified true copy of order shall be filed with the office of the Registrar of Companies within the 
prescribed time limit. The Scheme with the appointed date of November 26, 2024 will be effective 
upon filing of the certified true copy of the NCLT Order with the Registrar of Companies . 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech . 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
~(,{~ 
ankaj Mahendru 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. -A28161 
Encl: Copy of the order 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Plot No. -878. Udyog Vihar 
Phase-V. Gurugram- 122016 
Haryana. India T +91124 4760000 
E shares·@lumaxmail.com 
www.lumaxworld.in 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited -REGD. OFFICE: 2 ''Floor. Harbans Bhawan-II. Commercial Complex, Nangal Raya, 
New Delhi-110046, T -+9111 4985 7832, E -caocilumaxmail com DK JAIN 
GROUP 
THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
CHANDIGARH BENCH (COURT -II) 
IN THE MATTER OF: Supplementary Cause List 
Item No.201 
COMP. APPL. No.13/2026 
In 
CP(CAA) No.46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
(Allowed and disposed of on 14.01.2026) 
GreenFuel Energy Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ... Transferor Company 
Vs. 
Lumax Resources Pvt. Ltd. . .. Transferee Company 
Under Section: 230-232 of CA 2013 
Rule: 11 & 154 of NCLT Rules, 2016 
CORAM: 
SHRI. K.K SINGH, 
HON'BLE MEMBER (T) 
PRESENT:-
For the Applicant 
COMP. APPL. No.13/2026 Order delivered on 27.01.2026 
SHRI. K. BISWAL, 
HON'BLE MEMBER (J) 
Adv. Atul V. Sood, Adv. Rohan Sood 
ORDER 
This is an application filed under Rules 11 and 154 of the National Company 
Law Tribunal Rules, 2016 seeking rectification of the order dated 14.01.2026, 
whereby a Scheme of Arrangement under Section 230-232 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 was approved. Ld. Counsel Mr. Atul V. Sood appears and submits 
that there is inadvertent/ clerical error in Para's 15 (vii) and 15 (xii) of the said 
order. In the context, it is pointed out that in Para's 15 (vii) and 15 (xii) where 
reference has been of Resulting Company and Demerged Undertaking that 
should have been Transferee Company and Transferor Company 
Mamta 27.01.2026 
respectively. We have noted the mistake, which is inadvertent and therefore 
the same can be rectified under Rule 154 of the NCTL Rules, 2016. 
Accordingly, we direct that the relevant Para's 15 (vii) and 15 (xii) of the said 
order shall be replaced as under:-
In Para 15 (vii) of the Order:-
vii. "The Transferee Company shall, without further application, 
allot to the existing members of the Transferor Company 
shares of the Resulting Company to which they are entitled 
under the said Scheme;" 
· shall be replaced by: -
vii. "The Transferee Company shall, without further application, 
allot to the existing members of the Transferor Company 
shares of the Transferee Company to which they are 
entitled under the said Scheme;" 
In Para lS(xii) of the Order:-
xii. "The Transferee Company is directed to lodge a copy of this 
Order and the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of 
the Demerged Undertaking, duly authenticated by the 
Designated Registrar of this Tribunal, with the concerned 
Superintendent of Stamps, for the purpose of adjudication of 
stamp duty, if any, within 60 days from the date of the 
Order;" 
shall be replaced by: -
xii. The Transferee Company is directed to lodge a copy of this 
Order and the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of 
Mamta 27.01.2026 
the Transferor Company, duly authenticated by the 
Designated Registrar of this Tribunal, with the concerned 
Superintendent of Stamps, for the purpose of adjudication 
of stamp duty, if any, within 60 days from the date of the 
Order." 
Accordingly, the order dated 14.01.2026 stands rectified. The Registry is 
directed to upload the correct copy of the order in the DMS Portal and issue 
a certified copy of the same to the Petitioner. The period of "30 days" and "60 
days" as referred to in the said Order in Para's 15 (xi) and 15 (xii) be reckoned 
from the date of receipt of the 
rectified/ corrected/ amended order. certified copy of the 
With this, COMP. APPL. No.13/2026, stands allowed and disposed of. 
Sd/-
(K. K. SINGH) 
MEMBER (TECHNICAL) 
Mamta 27.01.2026 Sd/-
(K. BISWAL) 
MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
-: 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
CHANDIGARH BENCH(COURT-11), CHANDIGARH 
CP (CAA) 46/Chd/Hry of 2025 
(2nd Motion) 
(An application under Sections 230 & 232 of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamation) Rules, 
2016) 
IN THE MATTER OF 
Greenfuel Energy Solutions Private Limited 
Registered Office at: 
Plot No. 62/4, IMT Manesar, 
Gurgaon, Haryana-122050 India 
... Petitioner Company No. 1 / Transferor Company 
Lumax Resources Private Limited 
Registered Office at: AND 
Unit No. 2102, 21st Floor, Tower 1, DLF Corporate Greens, 
Village Begampur Khatola & Narsinghpur, 
Sector 74-A, Tehsil Kadipur, Gurugram, 
Haryana -122004 
... Petitioner Company No. 2 / Transferee Company 
Order pronounced on: 14.01.2026 
Order Amended u/r 154 on: 27.01.2026 
CORAM: KHETRABASI BISWAL, MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
KAUSHALENDRA KUMAR SINGH, MEMBER(TECHNICAL) 
Appearance: 
For the Petitioners: 
For the RD /ROC: 
For the Income Tax: 
For the Official Liquidator: NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
Mr. Atul V Sood, Mr. Rohan Sood, 
Advocates 
Ms. Deepmala Bagri, DRoC 
Chandigarh 
Mr. Varun Issar Sr. Standing Counsel 
Mr. Edward Augustine George, 
Advocate 
ORDER 
1. The present joint Company Petition has been filed by the Petitioner 
Companies namely; Greenfuel Energy Solutions Private Limited (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Petitioner Company No. 1" or "Transferor Company") & 
Lumax Resources Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as the "Petitioner 
Company No. 2" or "Transferee Company"), to obtain sanction of this 
Tribunal to the Scheme of Arrangement for Amalgamation between the 
Petitioner Companies and their respective shareholders and creditors 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Scheme") under Sections 230-232 and other 
applicable provisions of the of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) read with the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (the 
Rules). The copy of the Scheme is annexed as Annexure A-1 to the petition. 
2. The Petitioner Companies filed First Motion Application being CA(CAA) 
26/Chd/Hry/2025 before this Tribunal to obtain appropriate orders to 
dispense/convene meetings of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors and 
Unsecured Creditors, as the case may be, of these Companies for the purpose 
of the considering and approving, with or without modification, the aforesaid 
Scheme. The First Motion Petition was allowed, vide, Order dated 11.07.2025 
with the directions to dispense with the meetings of Equity Shareholders of the 
Page 2 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
Petitioner Company No. 1, Equity Shareholders of the Petitioner Company No. 
2, Debenture holders, Secured Creditors and Unsecured creditors of the the 
Petitioner Company No. 2 and convene meetings of the Secured and Unsecured 
Creditors of the Petitioner Company No. 1 for the reasons mentioned in the 
aforesaid order. In compliance with the directions issued by this Tribunal, 
meetings of Secured and Unsecured Creditors of the Petitioner Company No. l 
were convened on 15.09.2025. The Scheme was duly approved with the 
requisite majority of Secured Creditor and Unsecured Creditors of the 
Petitioner Company No. 1. A copy of the order passed in the First Motion 
Application is attached as Annexure A-8 in the Second Motion Petition. While 
disposing of the First Motion Application, the Applicant Companies were 
inter-alia directed to issue notice to Regional Director ("RD"), Registrar of 
Companies ROC and Income Tax Authorities ("ITD"). The Petitioner Companies 
have filed an affidavit with respect to the dispatch and publication of Notice of 
meeting and service of notice on the statutory authorities / sectoral regulators 
to show compliance of these directions by way of Annexure A-9. 
3. The Main objectives, date of incorporation, authorized and paid-up share 
capital, and the rationale of the Scheme have already been discussed in detail 
in the First Motion Order, dated 11.07.2025. 
4. In the second motion proceedings, this Tribunal, vide, Order dated 
09.10.2025, dire~ted that the notice of hearing be published in "Financial 
Express" (English-Delhi NCR Edition) and "Jansatta" (Hindi-Delhi NCR Edition) 
calling for objections, if any. This Tribunal also directed the Petitioner 
Companies to issue notice to the statutory and regulatory authorities. 
5. In compliance of the said order, the Petitioner Companies have filed an 
Affidavit of service vide diary no 02591/1 dated 03.12.2025. The notice of 
hearing was published in "Financial Express" (English-Delhi NCR Edition) and 
"Jansatta" (Hindi-Delhi NCR Edition), dated 08.11.2025. The original copies of 
Page 3 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
the newspapers are attached as Annexure: Bl and B2 in the aforesaid 
affidavits. It has also been stated in the Affidavit that the notice of the Petition 
was served upon the Statutory Authorities. A copy of the proof of service of 
notice of Petition to the Regional Director, Registrar of Companies, Official 
Liquidator and Income Tax Department, etc. are annexed as Annexure-C 1 and 
C2, Annexure Dl and D2, Annexure E, Annexure Fl and F2 and Annexure Gl 
and G2 in the aforesaid Affidavit. 
6. In response to the abovementioned notices, the statutory authorities 
have furnished their Reports and the Petitioner Companies have filed their 
clarification/ submissions thereon. The same are as follows: 
a. Regional Director (RD) and Registrar of Companies (ROC) 
1. In response to the above stated notice, the Regional Director (RD) 
filed its report dated 05.12.2025 enclosing therewith the report of the 
RoC dated 03.12.2025. The Regional Director has raised certain 
observations and the Petitioner Companies have filed Rejoinder Affidavit 
with the specific observations and response as under: 
Sl. 
No. 
1. Observation(s) of 
the ROC/RD 
Observation 
para 10 
Affidavit-(1) are 
of 
The appointed date 
chosen by the 
applicant Response of the Petitioner Companies 
The Transferee Company had acquired the 60% 
Equity Stake in the Transferor Company on 
November 26, 2024 (the date of acquisition), 
therefore the appointed date has been chosen as 
November 26, 2024 in order to align the same with 
the acquisition date basis which the books of 
companies 
26.11.2024. is accounts will be restated post the effectiveness of 
the Scheme. This has also been explained in the 
rationale of the Scheme as under: However, the 
financial year of the 
company is 1st 
April to 31st March. 
Hence, the 
justification for the 
same may be 
sought from the 
companies for the 3. Objects I Rationale and benefits of the Scheme: 
The rationale for the proposed Scheme is set out below: 
3.1. With the commercial intent of acquiring majority 
interest in the business of the Transferor Company, the 
Transferee Company has acquired 60% of the paid-up 
share capital of the Transferor Company on 26th 
November, 2024 and now the Transferor Company and 
the Transferee Comvanu throuah this Scheme seeks to 
Page 4 of 12 
2. aforesaid appointed 
date chosen. 
Observation at Para 
11 (2) of the 
Affidavit of RD: NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
consolidate the business of the Transferor Company with 
the Transferee Company and eliminating a layer thereby 
making shareholders of Transferee Company as direct 
shareholders of the Transferor Companu. 
The Share Entitlement Report has been obtained 
from CA Prateek Mittal (Registered Valuer, IBBI, 
Registration Number: IBBI/RV /05/2018/ 10021) 
The basis of dated 6th February, 2025 ("Share Entitlement 
valuation of shares Report"). In the paragraph 3.2 of the Share 
of company(s) is not Entitlement Report, it is mentioned as follows: 
provided in the 
Share entitlement 
report/ valuation 
report, rather the 
share entitlement 
ratio (Clause 3.2 of 
Share entitlement 
report) is as 
proposed by the 
management of the 
Transferee 
company. The 
company may be 
asked to clarify the 
same. In consideration for the Proposed Amalgamation, the 
Management has proposed that the Transferee shall 
issue & allot 66,667 (Sixty Six Thousand Six Hundred 
and Sixty Seven equity shares having face value of 
Rs.10 (Rupees Ten only) each fully paid-up to the 
shareholders of the Transferor Company (holding equity 
shares), other than the Transferee Company subject to 
the prior approval of the jurisdictional NCLT and other 
authorities as stated under the Scheme ("Share 
Entitlement Ratio"). 
Basis for this calculation is as follows: 
Total Share Capital of Transferee 
1,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each. Company: 
As the Transferee Company had acquired 60% 
Stake in the Transferor Company and balance 40% 
Stake is held by Mr. Akshay Kashyap in the 
Transferor Company, therefore Mr. Akshay 
Kashyap will be entitled to get equal 40% Stake in 
the Transferee Company (post approval of the 
Scheme of Amalgamation). 
Therefore, 1,00,000 shares become 60% of the 
Total Capital, means Total Capital comes to be 
1,66,667 Shares. 
In Point 3.3 and 3.4 of the Share Entitlement 
Report, it is mentioned as follows: 
3.3 In summary, the ultimate beneficial shareholders of 
the Transferor Company will continue to hold same 
proportion of 
shareholding in the Transferee Company due to Share 
Entitlement Ratio envisaged under the Proposed 
Amalgamation. 
3.4 In view of the above, I believe that the 
abovementioned Share Entitlement Ratio proposed by 
the management is fair in relation to the Proposed 
Amalgamation. 
Page 5 of12 
3. Observation at Para 
11 (3) of the 
Affidavit of RD: NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
As per the Point vii (b) -Annexure B to the 
Independent Auditors Report of the Transferor 
Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 
In case 
Transferor of 2025, the Company has given the disclosure that 
an amount of Rs. 4 Lakhs relates to the Penalty 
imposed by the Customs Authority under Customs 
Act, 1962 for the period 2021 and the Company 
had filed an appeal with the Customs, Excise and 
Service Tax Appellate Tribunal and the same is 
pending with the appellant authority. company, as per 
Auditor report for 
F.Y. 2024-25, the 
company has 
pending statutory 
dues with CESTAT 
for period 2021. The 
company may be 
asked to clarify the 
same. Further in Note 26 of the Financial Statements for 
the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 it has 
been stated as under: 
Contingent liability comprise: 
The Company has received an order dated October 
19, 2023, from the Office of the Principal 
Commissioner of Customs, Air Cargo Complex 
(Import), addressing procedural lapses identified in 
connection with concessions availed for the import 
of LPG/ CNG conversion kits. The order imposes a 
penalty of INR 4 lakhs against which the Company 
has filed an appeal. The Company filed an appeal 
with the CESTAT on December 29, 2023 against 
the Commissioner's order. 
Without prejudice to the above, the interests of 
CESTAT shall not be adversely affected on account 
of sanction of the Scheme and the Transferee 
company shall take care of the liabilities as and 
when they crystallize. Further, the Clause 1.2, 3 
and 4 of Part III of the Scheme protects the 
liabilities/legal proceedings/tax etc. of the 
Transferor Company to be met by the Transferee 
Company. 
Page 6 of12 
4. 
5. Observation at Para 
11 (4) of the 
Affidavit of the RD: 
In case of 
Transferee 
Company has nil 
operational revenue 
since its 
incorporation and 
thus, it appears to NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
The Transferee company was incorporated on 
March 12, 2024 as a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited and the 
Company had complied with the annual filing of 
the returns and forms and the compliance status 
is fully updated with the MCA Portal. The 
Transferee Company was formed as a special 
purpose vehicle with the intent of acquisition only. 
be inactive. Further, The Transferee Company had availed the Term 
the company has Loan amounting to Rs. 110 crores and the same 
incurred cash has been disclosed in Note 11 (a) and the cash 
losses amounting to losses amounting to Rs. 418.34 lakhs is majorly on 
Rs. 418.34 Lakhs in account of the interest on term loan and the same 
F.Y. 2024-25. Thus, has been disclosed in Note 17 of the Financial 
the company may Statements for FY2024-25. 
be clarified the 
same. 
Observation at Para 
11 (5) of the 
Affidavit of the RD: 
The Transferee 
company to comply 
with the provisions 
of Section 232 (3) (i) 
of the Companies 
Act, 2013 regarding 
fee payable of its 
revised Authorized 
Share Capital. Part -III of the Scheme, Clauses 6.3 and 6.4 
provides for compliance with Section 232(3)(i) of 
the Act. 
Without prejudice, it is submitted that the 
Transferee company undertakes to comply with 
the provisions of Section 232(3)(i) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 regarding fee payable of its 
revised Authorized Share Capital. 
b. Income Tax Department 
The Income Tax Department (hereinafter referred to as ITD) filed its 
report in respect of the Petitioner No. 1 Company and Petitioner 
Company No.2, whereby it is stated that the ITD does not have any 
objection to the said Scheme of Arrangement. Further, it stated that if 
upon coming into effect of this scheme of Amalgamation, the Tribunal 
may direct that all the compliances under the Income Tax Act, 1961 
shall be made by the amalgamated entity after the effective date of 
merging. All the tax liabilities and all the pending appeals and 
proceedings, if any under the Income Tax Act shall be enforced and 
continued against the amalgamated entity. 
Page 7 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
c. Official Liquidator 
The Official Liquidator (hereinafter referred to as OL) has filed its report 
whereby it is stated that the OL does not have any 
representations/observations to be made in the matter of the said 
Scheme of Arrangement. 
7. The Certificate of the Statutory Auditors with respect to the Scheme 
between Petitioner Company 2 to the effect that the accounting treatment 
proposed in the Scheme is in compliance with applicable Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) as specified in Section 133 of the Act read with Rules made 
thereunder and other Generally Accepted Accounting Principles is annexed as 
Annexure A-14 to the Petition. 
8. The Petitioner Companies filed an Affidavit affirming that no notice of the 
Scheme is required to be given to the Competition Commission of India, as it is 
exempted under Item 9 of Schedule I of the Competition Commission of India 
(Procedure in regard to the Transaction of Business relating to the 
Combination) Regulations, 2011. 
9. We have heard the learned Counsel for Petitioner Companies and learned 
Senior Standing Counsels for the Income Tax Department, Counsel for Official 
Liquidator and DRoC and have perused the records carefully. 
10. The observations given by RD /RoC have been responded to by the Ld. 
Counsel for the Petitioner Company No. 1 and Petitioner Company No. 2. In the 
light of the clarification given by the Petitioner Companies, the observations as 
made by the RD/RoC do not appear to have any impediments in sanctioning 
the proposed scheme. 
11. In the context of the above discussion, the Composite Scheme 
contemplated between the petitioner companies, appears to be prima facie in 
compliance with all the requirements stipulated under the relevant Sections of 
Page 8 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
the Companies Act, 2013. In the absence of any objections before us and since 
all the requisite statutory compliance have been fulfilled, this Tribunal 
sanctions the Composite Scheme of Arrangement appended as Annexure A-1 
with this Petition. 
12. Notwithstanding the submission that no investigation is pending against 
any of the Petitioner Companies, if there is any deficiency found or, violation 
committed qua any enactment, statutory rule or regulation, the sanction 
granted by this Tribunal will not come in the way of action being taken, albeit, 
in accordance with law, against the concerned persons, directors and officials 
of the petitioners. 
13. While approving the Composite Scheme as above, it is clarified that this 
order should not be construed as an order in any way granting exemption from 
payment of stamp duty, taxes or any other charges, if any, payment is due or 
required in accordance with law or in respect to any permission/ compliance 
with any other requirement which may be specifically required under any law 
for the time being in force. 
14. The Income Tax Department will be free to examine the aspect of any tax 
payable as a result of the sanction of the scheme and if it is found that the 
scheme of arrangement ultimately results in tax avoidance or is not in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 then the 
Income Tax Department shall be at liberty to initiate appropriate course of 
action in accordance with the law. Any sanction of the scheme of arrangement 
under section 230-232 of the Act shall not adversely affect the rights of the 
Income Tax Department or any past, present or future proceedings and the 
sanction of the scheme shall not come in its way for the appropriate course of 
action as per law for the tax liabilities, if any. 
Page 9 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hty/2025 (2nd Motion) 
15. THIS TRIBUNAL DO FURTHER ORDER: 
i. The Composite Scheme of Arrangement appended as Annexure A-1 
with this Petition is hereby sanctioned and it is declared that the same 
shall be binding on the Petitioner Companies and their Shareholders 
and Creditors and all concerned under the Scheme. 
ii. All the properties, rights and powers of the Transferor Company 
shall be transferred without further act or in deed to the Transferee 
Company and accordingly, pursuant to Sections 230 & 232 of the Act, 
the same shall be transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company 
for all the estate and interest of Transferor Company, but subject 
nevertheless to all charges now affecting the same; 
iii. All the liabilities and duties of the Transferor Company shall be 
transferred, without further act or deed, to the Transferee Company and 
accordingly, in pursuant to Sections 230 & 232 of the Act, the same 
shall be transferred to and become the liabilities and duties of the 
Transferee Company; 
iv. All contracts of the Transferor Company which are subsisting or 
having effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall stand 
transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company and be in full 
force and effect in favour of the Transferee Company and may be 
enforced by or against it as fully and effectually as if, instead of the 
Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or 
beneficiary or obliged thereto; 
v. All the employees and the staff of the Transferor Company shall be 
deemed to have become the employees and the staff of the Transferee 
Company with effect from the Appointed Date, and shall stand 
transferred to the Transferee Company without any interruption of 
service and on the terms and conditions no less favourable than those 
on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company, as on the 
Effective Date, including in relation to the level of remuneration and 
~~:~-::::.>~ J. ~1 i "-'7,:-,, ·,-...__ 
~~:).-a;,~ • , , Cf ,~."<'.\ 
~ 0{'(\P8n,, .. ),,/0'\\ 
I ;;f+ ~ 0 . ·, ·"~}>~ 
/' ,._'!f ·::<., \\ 
I o ·"' 'B ,. 
I' ~ \\ 1!•,/,... (i) ii 
\1 r\ ~ ~.' \\ ~ it 
\~~~~;;.,;l Page 10 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry/2025 (2nd Motion) 
contractual and statutory benefits, incentive plans, terminal benefits, 
gratuity plans, provident plans and any other retirement benefits; 
v1. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, all proceedings, if any, 
pending by or against the Transferor Company be continued by or 
against the Transferee Company; 
vii. The Transferee Company shall, without further application, allot to 
the existing members of the Transferor Company shares of the 
Transferee Company to which they are entitled under the said Scheme; 
viii. The Appointed Date for the Scheme of Arrangement is 26.11.2024. 
ix. Upon the Effective Date for Amalgamation, Transferor Company 
shall stand dissolved without being wound up. 
x. The Petitioner Companies shall furnish a self certified copy of the 
approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of the Transferor Company to 
the Designated Registrar of this Tribunal. The Designated Registrar will 
issue a certified copy of this order together with the authenticated copy 
of the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets as its enclosures. All 
the Authorities are directed to act on the certified copy of this order as 
issued by the Designated Registrar. 
xi. The Transferee Company is directed to file the certified copy of this 
Order along with the copy of Scheme and Schedule of Assets with the 
concerned Registrar of Companies, electronically along with e-form 
INC-28 in addition to a physical copy in e-form INC-28 within 30 days 
or an extended timeline with payment of additional fees, as may be 
applicable, from the date of receipt of the Order. Following that 
necessary steps shall be taken up by the Registrar of Companies._ 
xii. The Transferee Company is directed to lodge a copy of this Order 
and the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of the Transferor 
Company, duly authenticated by the Designated Registrar of this 
Page 11 of12 
NCLT Chandigarh Bench 
CP (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hiy/2025 (2nd Motion) 
xiii. Any person interested shall be at liberty to apply to the Tribunal in 
the above matter for any direction that may be necessary. 
16. All the concerned Regulatory Authorities to act on a copy of this order 
annexed with the Scheme duly authenticated by the Designated Registrar of 
this Bench. 
17. Accordingly, the Company Petition (CAA) No. 46/Chd/Hry of 2025 is 
allowed and disposed of. 
Sd/­
(Kaushalendra Kumar Singh) 
Member (Technical) Sd/­
(Khetrabasi Biswal) 
Member (Judicial) 
of Gopy~-=f'-l ¼ 
of Copy ~-}+J.Jl 
DD/GR1J,R/Court lJfg@:E!-f-of12 
'iun~~ ·q).,jfY\.' Law ~fribunat 
,and1gani Gerich, Chandiqarh 