 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LATL :REG30: 2025 -26                                                                            Date :  March 1 3, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Listing & Compliance Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C -1 Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051  
Security Code : 532796  Symbol: LUMAXTECH  
 
Subject:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing 
Obligations and  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015   
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
             Further to our communication dated March 11 , 2026 , in respect of the Scheme of Arrangement of 
Amalgamation between Lumax Ancillary Limited (“ Transferor Company”)  and Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited (“Transferee Company” / “the Company” ) and their respective Shareholders and 
Creditors (“Scheme”) , we wish to inform that the copy of the order dated March 11, 2026  (received by 
the Company today),  sanctioning the aforesaid S cheme, is enclosed herewith . 
   
 The said order i s available on the website of Hon’ ble National Company Law Tribunal  at 
www. nclt.gov.in . 
   
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech . 
 
 This is for your information and records . 
 
Thanking you,  
 Yours faithfully  
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Mahendru  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No. A28161  
 
Encl: Copy of the order  
 
CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 1 of 17 NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
NEW DELHI BENCH, COURT -II 
 
COMPANY PETITION NO. (CAA) -69/(ND)/2025  
CONNECTED WITH  
COMPANY APPLICATION NO. : C.A.  (CAA) -79/ND/2024  
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION  OF: 
Lumax  Ancillary Limited  
Reg. Office at: 2nd floor, Harbans Bhawan -II,  
Commercial Complex, Nangal Raya,  
New Delhi -110046                                                          … Petitioner  No. 1/  
Transferor Company  
AND 
 
Lumax  Auto Technologies Limited  
Reg. Office at: 2nd floor, Harbans Bhawan -II,  
Commercial Complex, Nangal Raya,  
New Delhi - 110046                                                      … Petitioner  No. 2/  
Transferee Company  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
 
 
Section: 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013  
Order Delivered on: 11.03 .2026  
 
CORAM:  
 
SH. ASHOK KUMAR BHARDWAJ, HON’BLE MEMBER (J)  
MS. REENA SINHA PURI , HON’BLE MEMBER (T)  
 
PRESENT:  
 
For the Petitioner  : Adv. Hement Sethi, Adv. G. H. Sethi, Adv. Rahul     
  Kapoor, Adv. Rahul Pawar, Adv. Kartik Nagpal  
For the RD  :  
For the OL  : Adv. Kartikeya Asthana, Adv. Urvashi Raj  
For the IT Dept . :  
 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 2 of 17 ORDER  
PER: SH RI ASHOK KUMAR BHARDWAJ, MEMBER (J)  
The captioned  Company Petition has been jointly filed by Lumax 
Ancillary Limited  (hereinafter referred to as “Petitioner No. 1/Transferor 
Company”) and Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  (hereinafter referred to 
as “Petitioner No. 2/Transferee Company”) under Sections 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, seeking sanction of the Scheme of 
Amalgamation. The  said Scheme is annexed to the Petitio n as “Annexure –
P/1”. The prayer  made in the Petition reads thus : -  
“a) Pass an order sanctioning the present Scheme of Arrangement for 
Amalgamation so as to be binding on all the shareholders and 
creditors of the Petitioner Companies;  
b) Pass an order that the entire business and the whole of the 
undertaking(s), properties and liabilities of the Petitioner Company 
1 (Transferor Company), shall, without any further act, instrument, 
deed, matter or thing, stand transferred and vested in a nd/or 
deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Petitioner Company 
2 (Transferee Company) as a going concern;  
c) Pass an order that all proceedings pending, if any, against the 
Petitioner Company 1 (Transferor Company) be continued against 
the Petitioner Company 2 (Transferee Company);  
d) Pass an order that the Petitioner Company 1 (Transferor Company) 
is diss olved without winding up; ” 
2. As can be seen f rom the S cheme placed on record, Lumax  Ancillary 
Limited ("Petitioner No. 1/Transferor Company"), is proposed to be  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 3 of 17 amalgamated with  Lumax Auto Technologies Limited ("Petitioner  No. 
2/Transferee  Company "). The Transferor Company is  a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company.  
3. The rationale of the proposed Scheme of A malgamation , as stated by the 
Petitioners , read thus:  
• "The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company. Also, both the Companies are engaged in 
similar line of business i.e. related to Automotive Sector, hence, 
after consolidation of both the companies in a single entity, 
manageme nt would be able to effectively manage the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company as a single entity, which 
will provide several benefits including simplification of corporate 
structure by elimination of multiple entities driven with single 
focused management team.  
• The amalgamation will contribute in furthering and fulfilling the 
objectives and business strategies of both the companies thereby 
accelerating growth, expansion and development of the respective 
businesses through the Transferee Company. The amalgamation 
will thus enable further expansion of the Transferee Company and 
provide a strong and focused base to undertake the business more 
advantageously. Further, this arrangement would bring 
concentrated management focus, integration, streamlining of the 
manageme nt structure, seamless implementation of policy changes 
and shall also help in enhancing the efficiency and control of the 
Transferor Company and Transferee Company.  
• Further, the independent operations of the Transferor Company 
and Transferee Company leads to incurrence of significant costs, 
duplication of administrative & establishment costs and the 
amalgamation would enable economies of scale by attaining critical 
mass and achieving cost saving and better financial management 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 4 of 17 of resources. The amalgamation will thus eliminate a multi -layered 
structure and reduce managerial overlaps, which are necessarily 
involved in running multiple entities and also prevent cost 
duplication that can erode financial efficiencies of a holding 
structure and the resultant operations would be substantially cost -
efficient. This Scheme would result in simplified corporate structure 
of the Transferee Company and its businesses, thereby leading to 
more efficient utilization of capital and creation of a consolidated 
base for future growth of the Transferee Company.  
• The Amalgamation of Transferor Company and Transferee 
Company will create synergy benefits for the stakeholders of the 
Transferee Company and it shall optimize the valuation of the 
consolidated Transferee Company. The amalgamation would also 
increase opera tional efficiency and integrate business functions.  
• The proposed arrangement will provide greater integration and 
flexibility to the Transferee Company and strengthen its position in 
the industry, in terms of the asset base, revenues and service 
range.  
• The other benefits the proposed amalgamation include:  
a) Simplification of the corporate structure by elimination of multiple 
entities driven with single focused management team.  
b) Incremental operational efficiencies & administrative synergies 
by pooling of financial, human, technological, managerial resources 
& expertise.  
c) Cost reduction as a result of elimination of duplication of 
administrative expenses, overheads, compliances etc., and 
optimum utilization of the resources.  
d) Better alignment, coordination and streamlining of day-to-day 
operations, leading to improvement in the overall working culture 
and environment.  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 5 of 17 e) Unlocking potential synergies across products, customers, 
technology and manufacturing excellence. ” 
4. The First Motion Order was passed in CA (CAA) No. 79/ND/2024 on 
28.07.2025, whereby this Tribunal dispensed with the requirement of 
convening meetings of the shareholders and creditors of the Transferor 
Company as well as the Transferee Company. The releva nt excerpt  of the said 
Order reads  thus:– 
“ 21. In the present case, the Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company. The unsecured creditors of the 
Transferor Company have provided their consent to the proposed 
Scheme in terms of Section 230(9) of the Companies Act, 20 13. 
Furthermore, 100% of the equity shareholders of the Transferor 
Company have also consented to the Scheme. In light of these facts, 
and following the ruling of the Hon'ble jurisdictional High Court in 
Adobe Properties Private Limited with AMP Motors P rivate Limited 
(supra), the requirement to convene meetings of the  shareholders and 
creditors of the Transferor Company is hereby dispensed with.  
22. In the case of the Transferee Company, which is the holding 
company of the Transferor Company, it is submitted that there will be 
no variation in the rights of its shareholders as a result of the proposed 
amalgamation. Furthermore, as averred in the af fidavit, the 
Transferor Company will continue to maintain a positive net worth 
post-amalgamation. In light of these factors, and in accordance with 
the judgment of the Hon'ble jurisdictional High Court in Adobe 
Properties Private Limited with AMP Motors Pr ivate Limited (supra), 
the requirement to convene meetings of the shareholders and creditors 
of the Transferee Company may be dispensed with. ” 
5. In the captioned  petition  filed by the Petitioner Companies, this 
Tribunal, vide Order dated 19.08.2025, directed the Petitioner Companies to 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 6 of 17 issue individual notices to the concerned statutory/regulatory authorities and 
to publish notice of the Petition in the Delhi editions of the “Financial Express”  
(English Daily) and “Jansatta”  (Hindi Daily) newspapers, in terms of Rule 7 of 
the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 
2016.  
6. In compliance with the aforementioned direc tions, the Petitioner 
Companies  through their  respective  authorized representative s, filed affidavit 
of service dated 08.09.2025 , confirming the service of notice to the concerned 
statutory /regulatory  authorities and also  publication of the notices on 
05.09.2025  in the Delhi editions of the “Financial Express" (English Daily) and 
"Jansatta" (Hindi Daily)  newspapers .  
7. OBSERVATIONS OF STATUTORY AUTHORITIES  
I. Registrar of Companies (RoC)/Regional director  
i. As can be seen from the  record s, the Regional Director ("RD") has filed 
his representation/affidavit dated 22nd December 2025, annexing 
thereto the Report of the Registrar of Companies (“RoC”) dated 24th 
November 2025, pointing  certain observations in respect of the 
Petitioner Companies concerning the proposed Scheme of 
Amalgamation. The o bservations /objections  raised by the RoC/ RD in 
its Report reads thus: - 
“8. 
1. As per the shareholding pattern, the Transferor Company  is 
wholly -owned subsidiary of Transferee Company  and section 
233 of the Companies Act, 2013 provides for amalgamation of 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 7 of 17 holding company and its wholly -owned subsidiary by way of 
Fast Track merger through Regional Director, MCA. Thus, the 
companies may be asked why they have not opted for 
amalgamation u/s 233 of the Act.  
2. As per Auditors report for F.Y. 2024 -25 for the Transferor 
Company , the company has pending statutory dues in relation 
to Goods and Service Tax. The company may be asked to clarify 
the same.  
3. As per Auditors report for F.Y. 2024 -25 for the Transferor 
Company , the company has pending litigation shown as 
Contingent Liabilities in financial statements. Thus, the company 
may be asked to clarify the same.  
4. As per Auditors report for F.Y. 2024 -25 for the Transferor 
Company , the auditor at Point ii  (b) in Annexure B has stated that 
"During the year, the Company has been sanctioned working 
capital limits in excess of Rs. 5 crores, in aggregate, from banks 
and financial institution on the basis of security of current assets. 
The Company has filed quart erly returns or statements with such 
banks, which are in agreement with the unaudited books of 
account. However, the Company has not filed return or 
statements f or the quarter ended March 31, 2025 with the 
banks". The company may be asked to clarify the same.  
5. Refer to Clause 4 Part IV of the Scheme. All costs, charges, 
fees, taxes including duties (including the stamp duty, if any, 
applicable in relation to this scheme) levies and all other 
expenses, if any (save as expressly otherwise agreed) arising out 
of or uncured in carrying out and implementing the terms and 
conditions or provision of this Scheme and matters incidental 
thereto shall be borne and paid by the Transferee Company. ” 
ii. The Petitioner Companies have filed their replies dated 26th December 
2025, furnishing their explanations with respect to the observations 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 8 of 17 made by the RoC/RD. The reply filed by the Transferor Company is pari 
materia  to the reply  filed by the Transferee Company. The relevant 
paragraphs of the reply filed by the Transferor Company are reads thus: - 
i.  Reply to Paragraph 8 (1):  
It is respectfully submitted that the observation of the Registrar of 
Companies is duly noted. In this regard, it is submitted that while the 
Transferor Company is a wholly -owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company, the provisions of Section 233 of the Co mpanies Act, 2013  
("Act") provide an enabling and discretionary mechanism for 
amalgamation and a company falling within the ambit of the said 
section is also permitted to seek approval of a scheme of merger or 
amalgamation in accordance with the provisions  of Section 232 of the 
Act. In Particular, Section 233(14) of the Act states as follows:  
"A company covered under this section may use the provisions of 
section 232 for the approval of any scheme for merger or 
amalgamation."  
Thus, considering that the Transferee Company is a listed Company, 
the Petitioner Companies, after due consideration of the nature, scope 
and implications of the proposed amalgamation, have opted to pursue 
the Scheme under Sections 230 to 232 of the Compan ies Act, 2013, 
which entails examination and sanction by this Hon'ble Tribunal. ” 
ii. Reply to Paragraph 8 (2):  
It is respectfully submitted that the pending statutory dues in relation 
to Goods and Services Tax, as referred to in the Auditor's Report for 
the financial year 2024 -25 of the Transferor Company, pertains to 
amount under dispute. The said matters are bein g duly contested by 
the Transferor Company before the appropriate authorities in 
accordance with applicable law.  
It is further submitted that as provided under Clause 4 of Part -II of 
the Scheme of Amalgamation, with effect from the Appointed Date 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 9 of 17 and upon the Scheme becoming  effective, all statutory liabilities, 
including disputed dues, if any, of the Transferor Company shall 
stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company and the 
Transferee Company shall duly discharge and comply with the same 
in accordance with law , without prejudice to its rights, contentions 
and remedies available under applicable law. Accordingly, no 
prejudice shall be caused to the interests of the Revenue.  
iii. Reply to Paragraph 8 (3):  
It is respectfully submitted that the litigations disclosed as contingent 
liabilities, as referred to in the Auditor's Report for the financial year 
2024 -25 of the Transferor Company, relate to statutory dues which 
are under dispute as explained in paragra ph (ii) above. The said 
matters are statutory in nature and have been appropriately disclosed 
as contingent liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting 
standards.  
It is further submitted that as provided under Clause 5 of Part -II of the 
Scheme of Amalgamation, with effect from the Appointed Date and 
upon the Scheme becoming effective, all pending litigations, if any, 
pertaining to the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and 
vest in the Transferee Company. The Transferee Company shall, 
thereafter, prosecute, defend and otherwise deal with such litigations 
in accordance with applicable law.  
iv. Reply to Paragraph 8 (4):  
It is respectfully submitted that the Transferor Company has been 
regularly and duly submitting its quarterly statements to the bank. In 
this regard, the quarterly statement for the quarter ended on March 
31, 2025 was submitted to the bank on May 30, 2025,  subsequent to 
the signing of the financial statements of the Transferor Company for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2025. Accordingly, the requisite 
compliance has been duly completed.  
 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 10 of 17 v. Reply to Paragraph 8 (5):  
It is respectfully submitted that the contents of Clause 4 of Part -IV of 
the Scheme are noted and agreed to. It is confirmed that all costs, 
charges, fees, taxes including duties (including the stamp duty, if any, 
applicable in relation to this Scheme) lev ies and all other expenses, if 
any (save as expressly otherwise agreed) arising out of or incurred in 
carrying out and implementing the terms and conditions or provision 
of this Scheme and matters incidental thereto shall be borne and paid 
by the Transfere e Company, in accordance with the said clause.  
II. Official Liquidator (OL)  
In terms of the notice served upon OL  as per section 230(5) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, read with Rule 16 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 , the OL has filed its  report dated 06.10 .2025 . 
The rele vant excerpt  of the OL’s report read  thus: 
“12. That the Official Liquidator has not received any complaint 
against the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation from any 
person/party interested in the Scheme in any manner till the date of 
filing of this Report. Based on information/documents as submitted 
by the Petitioners Companies, the following material facts have 
emerged that: - 
The Balance Sheet as at 31.03.2025 of the Transferor Company 
reflect that the company has not declared or paid any dividend during 
the year, as per the provisions of sections 123 of the Companies Act, 
2013.  
That the Capital Structure of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company, as reflected by Audited Balance Sheet as at 
31st March, 2025, is given under: - 
The present Authorised Share Capital of the Transferor Company is 
Rs. 3,50,00,000 divided into 35,00,000 Equity Shares of 10 each. The 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 11 of 17 present Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up share Capital of the 
Company is Rs. 2,09,97,400 divided into 20,99,740 Equity Shares of 
10 each fully paid up.  
The present Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company is 
Rs.46,10,00,000 divided into 23,05,00,000  Equity Shares of 2 each. 
The present Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up share Capital of the 
Company is Rs. 13,63,15,410 divided into 6,81,57,705 Equity Shares 
of 2 each fully paid up.  
13. That the report of Official Liquidator is based upon the 
documents/reply submitted by the petitioner companies.  Balance 
sheet, Memorandum and Article of Association and other documents 
furnished by the petitioner companies have not been enclosed with 
the report as the same are already on records of the Hon'ble Tribunal.  
14. That the Official Liquidator on the basis of information submitted 
by the Petitioner Companies is of the view that the affairs of the 
aforesaid Transferor Company do not appear to have been conducted 
in a manner prejudicial to the interest of its membe rs or to public 
interest in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. ” 
III. Income Tax department   
The Income Tax Department has file d its reports on 24.11.2025 , setting out  
the following  observations  with respect to proposed Scheme of Amalgamation  
of the companies, which reads thus: - 
“Since, all the assets & liabilities including Income Tax of the 
Transferor Company (M/s Lumax Ancillary Limited) shall be 
transferred  to the Transferee Company(M/s Lumax Auto Technologies 
Ltd.) therefore, this office has no objection in the proposed 
amalgamation of M/s Lumax Ancillary Limited, into M/s Lumax Auto 
Technologies Ltd. subject to the fulfillment of the conditions as 
specified  in the scheme.  
Department/Revenue reserves its right initiate/continue any 
proceedings under Income -tax Act, 1961.  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 12 of 17 The Income Tax Department reserves its  right to recover any demand 
of the Transferor Company from the Transferee Company, whenever 
it may arise or when it comes to the knowledge of the Department.  
The company may be asked to bear outcome of any proceedings under 
Income -tax Act, 1961, based on information gathered/available. ” 
8. OBSERVATIONS OF THIS TRIBUNAL  
I. The Petitioner Companies have filed their replies addressing all the 
observations/objections raised by the RoC/Regional Director. Upon 
consideration thereof, this Tribunal is satisfied with the explanations 
furnished by the Petitioner Companies. The learne d counsel appearing 
for the Regional Director submits that the replies filed by the Petitioner 
Companies have been received and no further observations are intended 
to be pressed in respect of the proposed Scheme of Amalgamation.  
II. As can be seen from the report of OL dated 06.10.2025 , the Official 
Liquidator has not raised any objection to the Scheme. The Income Tax 
Department has also conveyed that it has no objection to the proposed 
Scheme of Amalgamation.  
III. It is made clear that if at any stage the undertakings/commitments made 
qua the observation made by the RD are not satisfied or flawed, the 
present order would become non est.  
IV. After considering the reports, we are of the considered view that the 
Scheme is not prejudicial to the interest of the shareholders and creditors 
of the Petitioner Companies.  It goes without saying that  any liability, 
whether existing or arising hereafter, pertaining to the Petitioner 
companies, shall be borne by the transferee company.  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 13 of 17 V. The Income Tax /GST  Department retains the authority to pursue its 
investigation  or inquiry  or scrutiny  or assessment , as deemed necessary  
even after the scheme of amalgamation  among the petitioner companies . 
VI. The sanctioned Scheme of Amalgamation shall be binding on the 
Transferor Company, and Transferee Company and their Shareholders 
and Creditors. The Petitioner Companies shall remain bound to comply 
with the statutory requirements in accordance with law. Bes ides the 
present order, it would not affect any of the pending investigation/ 
proceedings/ inquiry qua any of the applicants and/ or their promoters/ 
directors/KMPs/ any other staff associated with the affairs of the 
companies.  
VII. While approving the Scheme as above, it is clarified that this Order should 
not be construed as an order in any way granting exemption from 
payment of Stamp Duty, Taxes or other statutory dues, if any, and 
payment in accordance with law or in respect to an y 
permission/compliance with any other requirement, which may be 
specifically required under any law. Further the approval of the Scheme 
would in no manner affect the tax treatment of the transactions under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961 or serve as any exemptio n or defense  for the 
Petitioner Companies against tax treatment in accordance with the 
provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961 and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder.  
VIII. The amalgamation will not entitle the Transferee Company to any tax 
benefit on account of losses suffered by the Transferor Company.  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 14 of 17 IX. Additionally, we issue following direction s qua the Petitioner 
Companies: -  
i. The scheme shall be effective from the appointed date i.e., 01.04.2024 . 
ii. All benefits, entitlements, incentives and concessions under incentive 
schemes and policies that Transferor Company is entitled,   including 
under Customs, Excise, Service Tax, VAT, Sales Tax, GST and Entry Tax 
and Income Tax laws, subsidy receivables from Government, grant from 
any governmental authorities, direct tax benefit/exemptions/ deduction s 
shall, to the   extent statutorily available and along with associated 
obligations, stand transferred to and be available to the  Transferee 
Company , as if the and Transferee Company  were originally entitled to 
all such benefits, entitlements, incentives and concessions;  
iii. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, all the properties, rights, and 
entitlements of the Transferor Company pertaining to the Business shall 
stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company, without any 
further act or deed. Accordingly, in terms of  Sections 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the same shall be transferred to and vested in the 
Transferee Company for all the estate and interest of the Transferor 
Company, subject nevertheless to all existing charges, liens, 
encumbrances, if any, aff ecting the same.  
iv. All contracts of the Transferor Company , which are subsisting or having 
effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall stand transferred to 
and vested in the Transferee Company  be in full force and effect in favour 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 15 of 17 of the Transferee Company and may be enforced by or against it as fully 
and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor  Company, the Transferee 
Company had been a party or beneficiary or obliged thereto;  
v. All the employees of the Transferor Company , shall be deemed to have 
become the employees and the staff of the Transferee  Company with 
effect from the Appointed Date, and shall stand transferred to the 
Transferee Company without any interruption of service and on the terms 
and conditions no less favourable than those on which they are engaged 
by the Transferor Company , as on the Effective Date, including in relation 
to the level of remuneration and contractual and statutory benefits, 
incentive plans, termin al benefits, gratuity plans, provident plans and 
any other retirement benefits;  
vi. All liabilities of the Transferor Company , shall pursuant to the provisions 
of section 232(4) and other applicable provisions of the Company Act, 
2013, to the extent they are outstanding as on the Effective Date, without 
any further act, instrument or deed stand transferred to and be deemed 
to be  the debts, liabilities, contingent liabilities, duties and obligations 
etc. as the case may be, of the Transferee Company and shall be exercised 
by or against the Transferee Company in accordance with their respect ive 
liability , as if it had incurred such liabilities.  
vii. All proceedings now pending by or against the Transferor Company  be 
continued by or against the Transferee Company . 

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 16 of 17 viii. The Income Tax /GST  Department shall have the liberty to determine the 
tax implications arising from the Scheme under the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, and such determination shall prevail over the terms of 
the Scheme. In the event of any tax liabilities arising in res pect of the 
Transferor Company , the Transferee Company shall be liable to pay of 
the same . 
ix. The Transferee Company is directed to comply with the provisions of        
Section 232(3)(i ) of the Companies Act in this regard to the fee payable 
on its revised authorized share capital.  
x. As per the aforesaid directions, formal orders in Form No. CAA -7 of 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 
2016 be issued after the filing of the Schedule of Properties within three 
weeks from the date of receiving a certified copy of this order by the 
petitioners.  
xi. That any person interested shall be at liberty to apply to this Tribunal 
in the above matter for any directions that may be necessary.  
xii. It is hereby clarified that the present Order shall not entitle the 
Transferee Company to any exemption fr om the requirement of 
obtaining any license  /permit  /registration  /quota  /clearance  
/concession or grant that may be required by them from the Central 
Government/State Government/ Local Authority/Sectoral Regulator, or 
any other authority constituted under any law for the time being in 
force.  

CP (CAA) -69/ND/2025  
Lumax Ancillary Limited  And Lumax Auto Technologies Ltd.                                      Page 17 of 17 xiii. It is directed that any term contrary to the provisions of Section 6 of 
Companies Act, 2016 contained in the scheme would be no n est. 
xiv. That the Petitioner Companies shall, within 30 days after the date of 
receipt of this order, cause a certified copy of this order to be delivered 
to the Registrar of Companies for registration in the prescribed form.   
9. The Company Petition 69/ND/2025  for Scheme of Amalgamation  
is allowed and disposed of, in terms of above order.  
 
 
 
 
     Sd/-                    Sd/- 
(REENA SINHA PURI )                            (ASHOK KUMAR BHARDWAJ)  
        MEMBER (T)          MEMBER (J)  
