 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LATL :REG30: 2025 -26                                                                            Date :  March 11, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Listing & Compliance Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C -1 Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051  
Security Code : 532796  Symbol: LUMAXTECH  
 
Subject:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing 
Obligations and  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  - Pronouncement of Order 
by the Hon’ble NCLT, New Delhi  Bench sanctioning the Scheme of Arrangement of 
Amalgamation  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
             Further to our communication dated February 27, 2026 , we wish to inform you that the Hon'ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, New Delhi  Bench ('Hon'ble NCLT'), has today i.e. March  11, 2026, approved 
the Scheme of Arrangement of Amalgamation between Lumax Ancillary Limited (“ Transferor 
Company”)  and Lumax Auto Technologies Limited (“Transferee Company” / “the Company” ) and their 
respective Shareholders and Creditors (“Scheme”) . The Appointed Date for the  Scheme is April 01, 
2024.  
 
 The copy of the Order passed by the Hon'ble NCLT has not yet been uploaded on the website of Hon'ble 
NCLT. The Company shall intimate the Stock Exchanges  once the same is made available . 
 
The Scheme shall become effective upon filing of the certified copy of the aforesaid order by both the 
companies with the Registrar of Companies. Further, upon the Scheme becoming effective, the 
Transferor Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up . 
 
 This is for your information and records.  
 
Any further information in this connection will be submitted with the Exchanges in due course.  
 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech . 
 
 Thanking you,  
 Yours faithfully  
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Mahendru  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No. A28161  
 