 
 
  
 
 
  5th August 2026  
 
The Manager,   
Listing Department  
  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1  
Dalal Street ,  G Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 001  Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 532720  Scrip Code:  M&MFIN   
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Announcement under Regulation 30 and 51 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
– Outcome of Board Meeting . 
 
 Ref: Our letter dated 28th January 2026 intimating about in -principle approval  of the Board  for 
evaluating proposal for Consolidation including Merger.  
 
Further to our letter referenced in the caption  and in compliance with Regulation 30  and 51  of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, we hereby inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, 
at its meeting held today, based on the recommendations of the Committee of Independent 
Directors and the Audit Committee, has considered and approved the Scheme of Merger by 
Absorption amongst Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited (‘Amalgamating Company’ or 
‘MRHFL’)  and Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (‘Amalgamated Company’ or 
‘MMFSL’  or ‘the Company’ ), their respective shareholders and creditors , under Sections 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder  
(“Scheme”) .  
 
The proposed merger is intended to consolidate the lending businesses of MMFSL and MRHFL 
into a single listed platform with a broader retail lending franchise, a  simplified operating 
architecture, and enhanced operating leverage.   
 
The proposed merger is expected to enable better integration of business es, technology, risk 
management, operations, and support functions, while creating opportunities to deepen 
customer relationships across lending products over time and accelerate the growth and 
diversification objectives of the combined lending franchise. Th e Scheme will be implemented 
through the applicable regulatory, shareholder, and creditor approval processes, with a continued 
focus on customer service continuity, creditor protection, and long -term value creation for all 
stakeholders . 
  
 
 
 
               
                  Page 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The salient features of the Scheme are as under:  
 
a. Scheme involves the merger by absorption of MRHFL with MMFSL and consequent 
dissolution of MRHFL  without being wound up , subject to necessary regulatory and other 
approvals.  
b. The Appointed date for the Scheme is April 01, 2027  or such other date as may be directed 
or approved by the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (“NCLT”) or any other 
appropriate authority.  
c. The entire assets and liabilities of MRHFL  to be transferred to and recorded by MMFSL at 
their carrying values.  
d. The NCDs of MRHFL will become NCDs of MMFSL at same  terms, including the coupon 
rate, tenure, redemption price, quantum, nature of security , etc.  
The disclosure of information in respect of the said Scheme, as required under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular for compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations by listed entities dated January 30, 2026 (“SEBI LODR Master Circular”) , is enclosed 
herewith as Annexure 1.  
 
The Board Meeting commenced at 9:15 a.m.  (IST) and concluded at  10:35 a.m.  (IST)  
 
You are requested to take above information on record.  
 
Thank ing you.  
 
 
Yours faithfully , 
For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited  
 
 
 
Brijbala Batwal  
Company Secretary  
Membership No. F5220  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               
                  Page 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure 1  
 
Disclosure under sub -paras (1) of Para (A) of Part (A) to Schedule III of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with clause 1.2 of SEBI LODR 
Master Circular  
 
Sr No.  Particulars  Disclosure  
Amalgamation/ Merger  
1 Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the Merger  a) Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited (‘MMFSL’)  
b) Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited (‘MRHFL’)  
 
2 Details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc.  As on 31st March 2026   
                                                             (Rs. in Crore)  
Particulars  MMFSL  MRHFL  
Paid -up capital   277.91   122. 63  
Turnover 
(Standalone)*  18,445.59  
 1154.02 
 
*Revenue from operations  
 
3 Whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at 
arm’s length  Yes. The Amalgamating Company is a subsidiary of the 
Amalgamated Company and as such both the companies are 
related party to each other.  
 
However, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has clarified vide its 
General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17th July 2014 that 
transactions arising out of Compromise, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations dealt with under specific provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, will not fall within the purview of related 
party transaction in terms of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 
2013.   
 
The consideration for the Scheme will be discharged on an 
‘arm's length ’ basis. The consideration/  share exchange ratio 
for the Scheme has been arrived at based on Valuation Report 
of Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP, Independent Registered Valuer 
and confirmed by a Fairness Opinion of Ernst & Young 
Merchant Banking Services LLP , Independent SEBI Registered 
(Category -I) Merchant Banker.  
 
4 Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  MMFSL  
MMFSL is primarily engaged in financing new and pre -owned 
auto, utility vehicles, tractors, passenger cars and commercial 
vehicles through its pan India branch network and has a 
diversified lending portfolio across retail, small and medium 
enterprises and commercial customers with a significant 
presence in rural and semi -urban India  
 
 
 
               
                  Page 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MRHFL  
MRHFL is a Housing Finance Company engaged in providing 
housing finance through its pan India branch network  
 
5 Rationale for Merger  The amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with the 
Amalgamated Company pursuant to t he Scheme of Merger 
would, inter -alia, have the following benefits : 
 
a. The Amalgamation will result in a single, stronger listed entity 
with enhanced scale, wider geographical reach, stronger 
capital and asset base, and unified ownership of the entire 
lending business  in India  under one roof.   
b.  
b. Integration of branch networks, technology platforms, 
collections, risk, and support functions 
will eliminate  duplication, reduce audit and compliance costs, 
streamline regulatory processes, and optimize overheads, 
leading to sustainable operating efficien cies over the long 
term.   
c.  
c. Leveraging  the Amalgamated Company’s mature risk 
architecture, compliance framework, internal audit systems, 
and advanced technology investments (LMS, LOS, analytics, AI, 
cloud, cybersecurity), the  Amalgamation  will benefit from 
stronger oversight, improve d risk culture, and enhanced 
process discipline under a unified governance structure.   
d.  
d. Enabling  cross -selling of housing finance and other credit 
products to a broader customer base, enhancing customer 
stickiness, diversification, and integrated financial solutions. As 
a single entity, customer data can be seamlessly  utilized  within 
the unif ied framework, enabling better analytics -driven 
growth.   
e.  
e. Facilitating  integration of domain  expertise  across lending 
segments, promote knowledge sharing, 
and provide  differentiated growth opportunities 
to Employees  within a larger, more dynamic organization.   
f.  
f. Rationalization of operating entities will  simplify legal, 
regulatory  and reporting  compliances, and enhance 
transparency for regulators, investors, and stakeholders.   
 
The Merger would therefore be in the best interest of all 
shareholders, creditors,  and employees of the respective 
Parties to the Scheme.  
 
 
 
               
                  Page 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 In case of cash consideration 
– amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio  Share Exchange Ratio : 
 
The shareholders of MRHFL  (other than MMFSL ) will be issued 
and allotted 1.8 equity shares of face value of Rs. 2/ - (Rupees 
Two only) each of Amalgamated Company as fully paid up for 
every 10 equity shares of the face value of Rs. 10 (Rupees T en 
only ) each fully paid up held in Amalgamating Company .  
 
Fractional entitlement , if any , shall be rounded off to the 
nearest higher integer . 
 
The Share Exchange Ratio has been  arrived at based on 
Valuation Report of Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP  Independent 
Registered Valuer and confirmed by a Fairness Opinion of Ernst 
& Young Merchant Banking Services LLP , Independent SEBI 
Registered (Category -I) Merchant Banker.  
 
7 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of listed entity  Amalgamating Company  (MRHFL)  
 
Category  No. of shares & % 
of voting rights  
Pre-amalgamation  
(as of 30th June 
2026 ) 
 No. of shares & 
% of voting 
rights  
Post -
amalgamation  
Promoter  12,09,52,678  
(98.43%)  0 
Public                      3,56,737  
(0.29%)  0 
Non -Promoter 
Non - Public  15,78,455   
(1.28%) 0 
Total  12,28,87,870  
(100%)  0 
 
Amalgamat ed Company  (MMFSL)  
 
The shareholders of Amalgamating Company (other than the 
Comp any)  will be issued and allotted 1.8 equity shares of face 
value of Rs. 2/ - (Rupees Two only) each of Amalgamated 
Company as fully paid up for every 10 equity shares of the face 
value of Rs. 10 (Rupees T en only)  each fully paid up held in 
Amalgamating Company .  
 
Resultantly, basis the shareholding pattern of Amalgamating 
Company as on 30th June 2026, the Company is expected to 
issue 3,48,400 equity shares to the shareholders of  
 
 
 
               
                  Page 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amalgamating Company basis which the pre and post 
amalgamation shareholding patter n would be as under:  
 
Category  No. of shares & % 
of voting rights  
Pre-
amalgamation  
(as of 30th June 
2026 ) No. of shares & % 
of voting rights  
Post -
amalgamation @ 
 
Promoter  72,95,82,599  
(52.49%)  72,95,82,599  
(52.48%)  
Public  66,00,01,101  
(47.48%)  66,00,35,379  
(47.48%)  
Non -Promoter -
Non -Public  3,87,460  
(0.03%)  6,71,582  
(0.05%)  
Total  1,38,99,71,160  
(100%)  1,39,03,19,560  
(100%)  
 
The % of total shareholding is rounded upto two decimal places.  
 
@Based on the shareholding as of 30th June 2026 and after 
rounding off fractional entitlement at each shareholder level in 
terms of the Scheme.  The actual number of shares to be issued 
by the Company would be as per the shareholding pattern of 
the Amalgamating Company as on the Record Date to be 
determined upon the Scheme becoming effective basis which 
the post -amalgamation no. of shares as disclosed above may 
undergo a change.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 