  
 
November 7 , 2025  
 
Listing Department , 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH  Listing Department,  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 543220  
 
Sub.:  Approval of Scheme of Amalgamation between Crosslay Remedies Limited  & Jaypee Healthcare  Limited  
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requiremen ts) Regulations, 2015  
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
We invite your attention to our earlier communication  dated March  22, 202 5 wherein we had informed that the Board 
of Directors of Crosslay Remedies  Limited (“ CRL”) and Jaypee Healthcare  Limited (“ JHL”), both wholly owned 
subsidiaries of the Company, at their respective meetings held on March 21, 2025 had approved a Scheme of 
Amalgamation under the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and relevant rules made 
thereunder, for the mer ger of CRL with JHL (“Scheme”).  
 
In this regard, we wish to inform that the Company has received a communication from JHL on November 7, 2025  at 
7.04 pm (IST) informing the receipt of Order dated November 7, 2025 , from Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Chandigarh Bench sanctioning the Scheme, with an Appointed Date of October 5, 2024 . A copy of said Order is 
enclosed as Annexure . 
 
This disclosure will also be hosted on Company's website viz. www.maxhealthcare.in .  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly,   
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited  
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa  
SVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl.: As above  
 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
CHANDIGARH BENCH (COURT -II), CHANDIGARH  
 
CP (CAA) No. 32/CHD/Hry/2025  
(A Petition under sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016)  
 
IN THE MATTER OF SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION AMONGST:  
1. Crosslay Remedies Limited , 
Registered Office: Max Hospital Gurugram,  
Block B Sushant Lok,  
Phase -1, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001  
PAN: AACCC4239Q  
CIN: U24239HR2002PLC129635  
… Tra nsferor Company / Petitioner Company 1  
 
2. Jaypee Healthcare Limited , 
Registered Office: Max Hospital Gurugram,  
Block B Sushant Lok,  
Phase -1, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001  
PAN: AACCJ9811D  
CIN: U85191HR2012PLC129639  
… Transferee Company / Petitioner Company 2  
 
 
                                            Order delivered on: 07 .11.2025  
CORAM: SHRI KHETRABASI BISWAL, MEMBER (JUDICIAL)  
     SHRI KAUSHALENDRA KUMAR SINGH, MEMBER (TECHNICAL)  
 
Appearance:  
For the Petitioner Companies  : Mr. Anand Chhibbar , Senior 
Advocate along with Mr. Vaibhav 
Sahni, Advocate  
 
For the Registrar of Companies  : Mr. Krishan Paul Dutt, AROC  
 
For the Income Tax 
Department  :Mr. Yogesh Putney, Sr. Standing 
Counsel  
 
For the OL  : Mr. Edward George, Advocate  
 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 2 of 19 
 ORDER  
1. The present Joint Company Petition has been filed by the Petitioner 
Companies, namely; Crosslay Remedies Limited (Transferor Company/ 
Petitioner Company 1) and Jaypee Healthcare Limited (Transferee Company 
/ Petitioner Company 2) and their respective share holders and creditors 
(collectively referred to as Petitioner Companies) under Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter 
referred to as ‘the Act’) read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements, and Ama lgamations) Rules, 2016 (hereinafter referred to as 
‘Rules’), seeking sanction of the Scheme of Amalgamation of Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company ((hereinafter referred as ‘Scheme’). 
The copy of the Scheme is annexed as Annexure P -1 to the Pet ition.  
2. The Petitioner Companies had jointly filed the First Motion Application 
bearing CA(CAA)No. 24/Chd/Hry/2025 seeking directions for dispensing with 
the requirement of convening meetings of Shareholders and Creditors of the 
Petitioner Companies 1 an d 2.  
3. This Tribunal, vide, its Order, dated 17.07.2025, allowed the First 
Motion Application and dispensed with the requirement of convening the 
separate meetings of the shareholders/creditors of both the Petitioner 
Companies.  
4. The main objects, date of incorporation, authorized and paid -up share 
capital, and the rationale of the Scheme have already been discussed in 
details in the First Motion Order dated 17.07.2025. The Board of Directors of 
the Petitioner Companies have approved the Scheme at their meeting on 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 3 of 19 
 21.03.2025 subject to all applicable regulatory approval(s), the approval of the 
creditors and shareholders and the sanctioning of the same by the 
Adjudicating Authority. The certified true copy of the Board Resolution 
approving the Scheme of th e Petitioner Companies is attached as Annexure 
A-5 and A -11 to the Petition.  
5. This Tribunal vide Order dated 31.07.2025 directed that the notice of 
hearing be published in “Business Standard” (English Edition) and “Jansatta” 
(Hindi Edition) calling for o bjections, if any. The Petitioner Companies were 
also directed to issue notice to the statutory and regulatory authorities. In 
compliance with this Order, the Petitioner Companies had served the notices 
to the concerned Statutory/Sectoral Authorities. The notice of hearing was 
published in national daily editions of “Business Standard” (English, Edition) 
and “Jansatta” (Hindi Edition) dated 05.08.2025.  
6. In response to the abovementioned notices, the statutory authorities 
furnished their Reports and the P etitioner Companies have filed their 
clarification thereon. The same are as follows:  
 6.1. Official Liquidator  
 The Official Liquidator (hereinafter to be referred as ‘OL’) has filed its 
report vide diary no. 01994/1, dated 19.08.2025. The OL did not have 
any specific observation/objections on the basis of the facts in the joint 
petition and documents provided by the company, along with the 
rationale of the scheme.  
 
 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 4 of 19 
  6.2. Regional Director (RD) and Registrar of Companies (RoC)  
 The report of the Regional Director (hereinafter to be referred as ‘RD’), 
together with the report of Registrar of Companies (hereinafter to be 
referred as ‘RoC’) have been filed vide Diary No. 01994/2 dated 
20.08.2025. The RD/RoC has raised certain observations, and the 
Petitioner Companies have submitted their response vide Diary No. 
01994/5 dated 16.09.2025, which are detailed below:   
Observation in RD/ 
RoC Report  Response of Petitioner Companies  
i. a) Civil Cases and 
Consumer Dispute 
Claims : 
It is noted that the 
Company has disc losed 
civil cases and 
consumer dispute 
claims amounting to Rs. 
2,523 lakhs as on 
March 31, 2025, which 
have not been 
acknowledged as debts. 
The management 
expects a favourable 
outcome based on legal 
advice. However, if 
these liabilities 
crystallise post -merger, 
they may affect the 
financial position of the 
merged entity. In 
accordance with Section 
232(2)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, 
the Scheme should 
specifically provide for 
the responsibility and 
manner of settlement of 
such claims, along with 
their acco unting 
treatment in the 
amalgamated company.  
 
b) Demand for 
Infrastructure 
Surcharge – Ghaziabad With reference to the reports submitted by the 
Regional Director (RD) and the Registrar of 
Companies (RoC), it is respectfully submitted 
that the Scheme of Amalgamation duly 
addresses and safeguards all liabilities. In 
particular, Claus e 2(t) of Part I of the Scheme 
clearly defines the treatment of such liabilities in 
a comprehensive manner. For ease of reference 
and to demonstrate compliance, the said clause 
is reproduced hereinbelow:  
 
(t) “Liability(ies)” means liabilities of every kind, 
nature and description, whatsoever and 
howsoever arising, raised, incurred or utilized for 
the business or operations of the Transferor 
Company, whether present or future, whether or 
not required to be reflected on a balance sheet in 
accordance with the Accounting Standards, and 
includes secured and unsecured debts, sundry 
creditors, contingent liabilities, secured loans, 
unsecured loans, borrowings, statutory liabilities 
(including those under taxation laws and stamp 
duty laws), contractual liabiliti es, duties, 
obligations, guarantees, and those arising out of 
proceedings of any nature.  
 
It is further respectfully submitted that, in 
accordance with Clause 8.1 of the Scheme of 
Amalgamation, upon the Scheme coming into 
effect and with effect from the Ap pointed Date, 
all liabilities of the Transferor Company, 
including secured and unsecured debts 
(whether denominated in Indian rupees or 
foreign currency), sundry creditors, advances 
received, and all other liabilities (including 
contingent liabilities), sh all, without any further 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 5 of 19 
 Development 
Authority (GDA) : 
A demand of Rs. 139 
lakhs raised by the 
Ghaziabad 
Development Authority 
towards infrastructure 
surcharge is under 
dispute. The Com pany 
has denied liability, and 
no provision has been 
made in the accounts. 
Since the matter 
remains contingent, the 
Hon’ble Tribunal may 
ensure that the Scheme 
clearly provides 
whether such disputed 
dues shall be assumed 
by the amalgamated 
entity and the m anner 
of accounting in the 
event of an adverse 
outcome.  
 
c) Provident Fund (PF) 
Compliance – Supreme 
Court Judgement:  
The Company has 
implemented the ruling 
of the Hon’ble Supreme 
Court regarding 
inclusion of allowances 
for Provident Fund 
contribution calculation 
with effect from April 1, 
2019. While no 
quantified contingent 
liability has been 
disclosed in this regard, 
interpretational issues 
concerning 
retrospective 
applicability still 
persist. The Hon’ble 
Tribunal may ensure 
that the merged entity 
assumes responsibility 
for any potential PF -
related exposure, 
should such 
retrospective claims 
arise.  act, instrument, deed, or formality, stand 
transferred to and vested in, or be deemed to 
have been transferred to and vested in, the 
Transferee Company. For ease of reference and 
to demonstrate compliance, the said clause is 
reprod uced hereinbelow:  
 
8.1 Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and 
with effect from the Appointed Date, all liabilities 
of the Transferor Company including all secured 
and unsecured debts (whether in Indian rupees 
or foreign currency), sundry creditors,  advance 
received, liabilities (including contingent 
liabilities), duties and obligations of the 
Transferor Company of every kind, nature and 
description whatsoever (herein referred to as "the 
Liabilities"), shall, pursuant to the sanction of this 
Scheme b y the NCLT and under the provisions of 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act without any further 
act, instrument, deed, matter or thing be 
transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have 
been transferred to and vested in  the Transferee 
Company, along with any charge, encumbrance, 
lien or security thereon, and the same shall be 
assumed by the Transferee Company to the 
extent they are outstanding till the Effective Date 
so as to become, as on and from the Appointed 
Date, th e Liabilities of the Transferee Company on 
the same terms and conditions as were 
applicable to the Transferor Company, and the 
Transferee Company shall meet, discharge and 
satisfy the same, and further, it shall not be 
necessary to obtain the consent of an y third party 
or other person who is a party to any contract or 
arrangement by virtue of which such Liabilities 
have arisen in order to give effect to the provisions 
of this Clause.”  
 
It is further submitted that, in accordance with 
Clause 11 of the Scheme  of Amalgamation, all 
legal, taxation, and other proceedings of 
whatsoever nature, if any, instituted by or 
against the Transferor Company and pending as 
on the Appointed Date, shall neither abate nor 
be discontinued, nor shall they be prejudicially 
affect ed by reason of the transfer of the 
undertaking of the Transferor Company or by 
any provision contained in the Scheme. Such 
proceedings shall continue, be prosecuted, and 
enforced by or against the Transferee Company 
in the same manner and to the same exte nt as 
they would have been by or against the 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 6 of 19 
  
d) Income Tax 
Disputes:  
The Company has 
ongoing disputes with 
Income Tax authorities 
on tax treatment of 
certain expenses. While 
management 
anticipates a fa vorable 
decision, any 
unfavorable rule post -
merger could lead to 
additional tax outflows. 
The merged entity’s tax 
provisioning policy and 
liability assumption for 
per-merger disputes 
should be explicitly 
provided in the Scheme 
documentation in line 
with Se ction 232 (2)(c)  
 
 Transferor Company had the Scheme not been 
implemented. For ease of reference and to 
demonstrate compliance, the said clause is 
being reproduced hereinbelow:  
 
11. All legal, taxation and other proceedings of 
whatsoever nature by and against the Transferor 
Company, if any, pending, the same shall not 
abate, shall not be discontinued or be in any way 
prejudicially affected by reason of the transfer of 
the undertaking of the Transferor Company or of 
anything contain ed in the Scheme, but the said 
proceedings may be continued, prosecuted and 
enforced by and against the Transferee Company 
in the same manner and to the same extent as it 
would be or might have been continued, 
prosecuted and enforced by or against the 
Transferor Company as if the Scheme had not 
been made. On and from the effective date, the 
Transferee Company shall or may continue, 
prosecute, enforce or initiate any legal, taxation 
and other proceedings for and on behalf of the 
Transferor Company.  
 
With res pect to the accounting treatment of 
contingent liabilities, it is respectfully submitted 
that the Petitioner Companies have ensured that 
such treatment shall be in strict compliance with 
the applicable accounting standards, as 
expressly stipulated under Cl ause 19 of Part II 
of the Scheme of Amalgamation. For ease of 
reference and to demonstrate compliance, the 
said clause is being reproduced hereinbelow:  
 
19. "Accounting Treatment for Amalgamation"  
    19.1 Accounting Treatment in the books of 
Transferee Co mpany  
     
a. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the 
Transferee Company shall account for the 
amalgamation of the Transferor Company in the 
books of account in accordance with the 
applicable accounting standards prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Compani es Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended ("Ind AS") 
and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, and specifically under the 
'Pooling of Interest Method' of accounting as laid 
down in Appendi x C of Ind AS 103 (Business 
Combinations of entities under common control) 
as under.  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 7 of 19 
 b. All assets and liabilities, including reserves, of 
the Transferor Company shall be recorded in the 
books of account of the Transferee Company at 
their existing carrying  amounts, after 
adjustments as stated in clause (e) below, and in 
the same form.  
 
c. The inter -corporate deposits/loans and 
advances/balances outstanding between the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company will stand cancelled, and there shall be 
no further obligation in that behalf.  
 
d. In case of any difference in accounting policy 
between the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company, the impact of the same till 
the Appointed Date will be quantified and 
adjusted in carrying value of assets and liabilities 
of Transferor Company.  
 
e. The reserves of the Transferee Company to 
ensure that the financial statements of the 
Transferee Company reflect the financial position 
on the basis of consistent accounting policy.  
 
f. The balance of the retained ear nings appearing 
in the financial statements of the Transferor 
Company shall be aggregated with the 
corresponding balance appearing in the financial 
statements of the Transferee Company.  
 
g. The identity of the reserves pertaining to the 
Transferor Company shall be preserved and shall 
appear in the financial statements of the 
Transferee Company in the same form in which 
they appeared in the financial statements of the 
Transferor Company.  
 
h. The difference between the net assets (assets 
less liabilities) and  reserves of the Transferor 
Company transferred to the Transferee Company, 
after making the adjustments as mentioned in the 
clauses above, shall be adjusted in the capital 
reserves.  
 
i. On the Scheme becoming effective, the financial 
statements of the Tran sferee Company shall be 
prepared in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards prescribed under Section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended (“Ind AS”), and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 8 of 19 
 specifically under the “Pooling of Interest Method” 
of accounting as laid down in Appendix C of IND -
AS 103 (Business Combinations of entities under 
common control).  
 
19.2 Accounting Treatment in the books of 
Transfer or Company  
Notwithstanding anything contained in any other 
clause in the Scheme, upon the Scheme becoming 
effective, the Transferor Company shall stand 
dissolved without winding -up, and the Board of 
Directors of the Transferor Company shall, 
without any fu rther act, instrument, or deed, 
stand dissolved. Accordingly, there is no 
accounting treatment prescribed under this 
Scheme in the books of the Transferor Company.  
 
(ii) It is observed that 
Jaypee  Healthcare 
Limited has incurred 
substantial cash losses 
amounting to Rs. 
614.71 lakhs in FY 
2024 -25 and Rs. 
6,270.73 lakhs in FY 
2023 -24. This raises 
concerns regarding the 
validity of the going 
concern assumption as 
envisaged under Section 
134(5)(c) of t he 
Companies Act, 2013, 
which mandates that 
directors ensure 
adequate measures for 
sustainability. Crosslay 
Remedies Limited, the 
Transferee Company, 
has reported profits and 
no cash losses during 
the said period. The 
Transferee Company 
may clarify the sam e 
before the Hon’ble 
NCLT.  It is submitted that upon the Scheme becoming 
effective, the entire business of the Transferor 
Company, which has positive cash flow and 
profit, shall be transferred to the Transferee 
Company. This would not only set off the cash  
losses at the merged entity level but also 
generate funds for expansion and upgradation of 
the facilities at Jaypee Healthcare Limited. 
Further, the Transferee Company is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Max Healthcare Institute 
Ltd. (“Holding Company”), whic h has a highly 
positive net worth. A copy of the net worth 
certificate of the Holding Company was 
submitted to the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal in Volume VII of the first motion 
application. In view of the above, the assumption 
of the Transferee C ompany as a going concern 
status is validated.  
 
Further, as per the Audited Balance Sheet of 
Jaypee Healthcare Ltd. for the year ended March 
31, 2025, the Transferee Company had a 
balance of INR 3,392 Lakhs in Cash and Cash 
Equivalents, which is more than sufficient to 
meet its fund requirements. A copy of the 
Audited Financial Statement of the Transferee 
Company as on March 31, 2025, was submitted 
to the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal 
in Volume III (Page No. 324) of the Second 
Motion Petition.  
It is submitted that, as previously affirmed, the 
Petitioner Companies do not have any material 
investigations or material 
proceedings/litigations against them.  
 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 9 of 19 
 (iii) Given the financial 
contrast between the 
merging entities —
Crosslay Remedies 
Limited being pr ofitable 
and financially stable, 
and Jaypee Healthcare 
Limited having a history 
of significant losses and 
loan defaults - the 
treatment of 
outstanding liabilities 
post-amalgamation 
requires clear 
articulation in the 
Scheme in compliance 
with Section 232(2)( c) of 
the Companies Act, 
2013.  In relation to Para (11)(iii) of the RD Report and 
Para 33(3) of RoC Report, it is submitted that the 
statutory auditor of the Transferee Company has 
certified that the accounting treatment in the 
books of the Transferee Comp any mentioned at 
Clause 19.1 of Part II of The Scheme is in 
compliance with applicable accounting 
standards. A copy of the Certificate dated March 
21, 2025 issued by the statutory auditor of the 
Transferee Company certifying that the 
accounting treatment p rovided in the Scheme is 
in compliance with applicable accounting 
standards can be found at Page 381 -384 of Vol 
III of the Petition.  
 
Further, a copy of the Letter dated March 21, 
2025 issued by the statutory auditor of the 
Transferor Company can be found at Pages 256 -
258 of Vol II of the Petition, wherein it has been 
stated that upon the Scheme becoming effective, 
the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved 
without being wound up, without any further act 
or deed, in accordance with the Companies Act, 
2013 . Accordingly, no accounting is required in 
the books of the Transferor Company to give 
effect to the Scheme.  
 
 
(iv) Refer to Clause 15 of 
the Scheme, the 
Transferee Company 
may kindly be directed 
to comply with the 
provisions of Section 
232(3)(i) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 in 
regard to the fee payable 
on its revised authorized 
share capital.  In this regard, it is respectfully submitted that 
Clause 20 of Part III The Scheme of 
Amalgamation is fully aligned with and in 
compliance with the provisions of Section 
232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013. The said 
statutory provision permits the fees already paid 
by the Transferor Company on its authorized 
share capital prior to the amalgamation to be set 
off against the fees payable by the Transferee 
Company on  its enhanced authorized share 
capital post -amalgamation. Clause 20 of the 
Scheme merely reiterates this statutory 
entitlement, confirming that the Transferee 
Company shall be entitled to consolidate the 
authorized share capital of both entities and 
avail credit for the statutory fees already paid by 
the Transferor Company to the Registrar of 
Companies.  
For ease of reference and to demonstrate 
compliance, the said clause is being reproduced 
hereinbelow:  
20.1.  After sanctioning the Scheme by the 
Hon’ble Nati onal Company Law Tribunal at 
Chandigarh, as the case may be, on and from the 
Effective Date, the Authorised Share Capital of 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 10 of 19 
 the Transferee Company as on date of filing of 
order shall stand increased by vesting the 
Authorised Share Capital of the Transfero r 
Company as on date of filing of order, without any 
further act or deed.  
 
20.2.  It is hereby clarified that the consent of the 
shareholders of the Transferee Company to the 
Scheme shall be sufficient for purposes of 
effecting this amendment in the Memoran dum of 
Association of the Transferee Company and that 
no further approvals or resolutions under Sections 
13, 14, and 61 or any other applicable provisions 
of the Act would be required to be obtained or 
separately passed, nor any additional 
registration fee , stamp duty, etc., be payable by 
the Transferee Company.  
 
Further, for this purpose, the filing fees and 
stamp duty already paid by the Transferor 
Company on its authorized share capital 
shall be utilized and applied to the 
increased share capital of the Transferee 
Company, and shall be deemed to have been 
so paid by the Transferee Company on such 
combined authorized share capital.  
Further, the Transferee Company shall pay 
the requisite fee, if any, arising due to the 
difference in maximum statutory fee as  per 
the Companies Act, 1956 and the Companies 
Act payable on such combined authorized 
share capital.  
 
20.3 Pursuant to this Scheme, the Transferee 
Company shall file the requisite 
forms/documents, if required, with the concerned 
Registrar of Companies, fo r alteration of its 
authorized share capital.  
 
20.4 Accordingly, on the Scheme becoming 
effective, Clause V of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Transferee Company shall 
stand altered and be substituted to read as 
follows:  
 
The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is 
INR 7,57,00,00,000 (Rupees Seven Hundred Fifty 
Seven Crores only) divided into:  
 
(i) 74,40,00,000 (Seventy Four Crores Forty 
Lakhs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/ - each 
(Rupee Ten Only) and  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 11 of 19 
 (ii) 1,30,00,000 (One Crore Thirty Lakhs only) 
Preference Shares of Rs. 10/ - each (Rupee Ten 
Only)  
 
20.5 For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby 
clarified that if the authorized share capital of the 
Transferor Company or the Transferee Company 
undergoes any change, either as a consequence 
of any corpora te action or otherwise, then the 
authorized share capital to be specified in Clause 
V of the Memorandum of Association of the 
Transferee Company with effect from the 
Effective Date shall automatically stand modified 
to take into account the effect of the c hange.  
20. 6 After Amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company, the 
shares held by the Transferor Company, if any, 
in the Transferee Company or the shares held by 
the Transferee Company in the Transferor 
Company, if any, will be auto matically cancelled 
upon the scheme becoming effective.  
 
The above stipulations in the Scheme are in line 
with Section 232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 
2013, which states as under:  
 
"Where the transferor company is dissolved, the 
fee, if any, paid by the tr ansferor company on its 
authorised capital shall be set -off against any 
fees payable by the transferee company on its 
authorised capital subsequent to the 
amalgamation; and"  
 
Without prejudice and if applicable, the 
Transferee Company hereby undertakes to 
comply with the provisions of Section 232(3)(i) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 to pay any additional 
fee that may be payable after the adjustments 
under Section 232(3)(i) are made.  
 
6.3. Income Tax Department  
The report of the Income Tax Department (hereinafter to be referred as 
‘ITD’) have been filed vide Diary No. 01994/3 dated 15.09.2025. The 
ITD has raised certain observations, and the Petitioner Companies have 
submitted their joint reply vide Diary No. 01994/7 dated 30.09.2025, 
which are detaile d below:  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 12 of 19 
 Petitioner 
Company  Observation / Objection by ITD  Joint reply by the 
Petitioner Companies  
Petitioner 
Company 1  As per recovery Module/ITBA 
Portal the demand outstanding is 
as under:  
AY 2023 -24: Rs. 46,75,890/ - 
AY 2024 -25: Rs. 58,650/ - 
  It is submitted that as 
per Clause 8.1 of Part II 
of the Scheme of 
Amalgamation, which is 
already reproduced 
above, specifically 
states that upon the 
Scheme becoming 
effective, the liabilities 
of the Transferor 
Company shall be borne 
by Transferee 
Company.   Petitioner 
Company 2  Pending proceedings:  
(i) Appellate proceedings against 
order u/s 143(3) read with Section 
263 (IT Act, 1961) for AY 2015 -16 is 
pending before CIT(A)/JCIT(A), 
NFAC  
 
(ii) Penalty proceedings u/s 
271(1)(c) for AY 2 -15-16 is pending 
with NFAC  
 
(iii) Penalty proceedings u/s 270A 
for AY 2018 -19 is pending with 
NFAC  
 
(iv) Appellate proceedings against 
order u/s 143(3) for AY 2018 -19 is 
pending before CIT(A)/JCIT(A), 
NFAC  
 
Regarding 
the 
Scheme  This office has NO OBJECTION  to 
the aforesaid Scheme of 
Arrangement, subject to the 
pending appellate and penalty 
proceedings in the case of the 
assessee company, M/s Jaypee 
Healthcare Ltd.  
 
7. The Statutory Auditors of all the Petitioner Companies have examined 
the Scheme in terms  of provisions of Section 232 of the Act and rules made 
thereunder. The certificate of the Statutory Auditors with respect to the 
Scheme between Petitioner Companies to the effect that the accounting 
treatment proposed in the Scheme is in compliance with a pplicable Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified in Section 133 of the Act read with 
Rules made thereunder and other Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
is annexed as Annexure A -13 to the Petition.  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 13 of 19 
 8. We have heard the learned Counsel for t he Petitioner Companies as well 
as the Authorities and have gone through the material available on record 
carefully. We are of the view that observation as made by the RD/RoC and 
Income Tax Department would have no impediment in sanctioning the 
proposed sc heme.  
9. On the basis of the facts and submissions made by the learned counsel 
and on perusal of the Scheme, the Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
between the Petitioner Companies appears to be prima facie in compliance 
with all the requirements stipulated u nder the relevant Sections of the 
Companies Act, 2013. In the light of clarification given by the Petitioner 
Companies, the observations as made by the Statutory/ Regulatory 
authorities do not appear to have any impediments in sanctioning the 
proposed Sche me of Arrangement. We are of the considered view that the 
proposed Scheme is bona fide and in the interest of the shareholders and 
creditors. Since, all the requisite statutory compliance has been fulfilled, this 
Tribunal sanctions the Scheme of Arrangemen t appended as Annexure A -1 to 
the Petition.  
10. Notwithstanding the above, if there is any deficiency found or, violation 
committed qua any enactment, statutory rules, or regulations, the sanction 
granted by this Tribunal to the Scheme will not come in the  way of action 
being taken, albeit, in accordance with the law, against the concerned 
persons, directors and officials of the Petitioner Companies.  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 14 of 19 
 11. While approving the Scheme as above, it is clarified that this Order 
should not be construed as an Order  in any way granting exemption from 
payment of stamp duty, taxes or any other charges if any, payment is due or 
required in accordance with law or in respect to any permission/compliance 
with any other requirement which may be specifically required under a ny law.  
12. The Income Tax Department will be free to examine the aspect of any 
tax payable as a result of the sanction of the scheme and if it is found that 
the Scheme of Arrangement ultimately results in tax avoidance or is not in 
accordance with the app licable provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, then 
the Income Tax Department shall be at the liberty to initiate appropriate 
course of action in accordance with the law. Any sanction of the scheme of 
arrangement under section 230 -232 of the Companies Act , 2013 shall not 
adversely affect the rights of Income Tax Department or any past, present or 
future proceedings and the sanction of the scheme shall not come in its way 
for the appropriate course of action as per law for the tax liabilities, if any.  
13. THIS TRIBUNAL DO FURTHER ORDER:  
(i) The Scheme of Amalgamation of the Crosslay Remedies Limited 
(Transferor Company/ Petitioner Company 1) with Jaypee Healthcare 
Limited (Transferee Company/ Petitioner Company 2), annexed as 
“Annexure A -l” to the Petition i s hereby sanctioned and it is declared 
that the Transferor Company (Petitioner Company 1) shall be dissolved 
without winding up and the same shall be binding on the Petitioner 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 15 of 19 
 Companies and their shareholders and creditors and all concerned 
under the Schem e. 
(ii) All the properties, rights, and powers of the Transferor Company 
shall stand transferred, without any further act or deed, to the 
Transferee Company. Accordingly, in accordance with Sections 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act, 2013, the same shall be transferred to and 
vested in the Transferee Company for all the estates and interests of the 
Transferee Company, subject, however, to all charges, encumbrances, 
or liabilities now affecting the same;  
(iii) All the liabilities and duties of the Transferor C ompany be 
transferred, without further act or deed, to the Transferee Company, 
and accordingly the same shall pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 of the 
Act, be transferred to and become the liabilities and duties of the 
Transferee Company, respectively;  
(iv) All benefits, entitlements, incentives and concessions under 
incentive schemes and policies that the Transferor Company is entitled 
to including under Customs, Excise, Service Tax, VAT, Sales Tax, GST 
and Entry Tax and Income Tax laws, subsidy receivables from 
Government, grant from any governmental authorities, direct tax 
benefit/exemptions/deductions, shall, to the extent statutorily 
available and along with associated obligations, stand transferred to 
and be available to the Transferee Company, as if the  Transferee 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 16 of 19 
 Company was originally entitled to all such benefits, entitlements, 
incentives and concessions;  
(v) All proceedings, if any, now pending by or against the Transferor 
Company shall be continued by or against the Transferee Company.  
(vi) All cont racts of the Transferor Company which are subsisting or 
having effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall stand 
transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company, and be in full 
force and effect in favour of the Transferee Company, as the case m ay 
be, and be enforced by or against it as fully and effectually as if, instead 
of the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company, had been a party 
or beneficiary or obliged thereto;  
(vii) All the employees of the Transferor Company shall be deemed to 
have become the employees and the staff of the Transferee Company, 
with effect from the Appointed Date, and shall stand transferred to the 
Transferee Company, as the case may be,  without any interruption of 
service and on the terms and conditions no less favo rable than those 
on which they are engaged by the Transferor Company, as on the 
Effective Date, including in relation to the level of remuneration and 
contractual and statutory benefits, incentive plans, terminal benefits, 
gratuity plans, provident plans a nd any other retirement benefits;  
(viii) The Appointed Date for the Scheme shall be 05.10.2024 as 
mentioned  in the Scheme;  

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 17 of 19 
 (ix) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Authorised Share 
Capital of the Transferee Company shall stand increased by vesting the 
Authorised Share Capital of the Transferor Company as on the date of 
this Order, without any further act or deed, and Clause V of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company shall stand 
altered to read as: “The Authorised Share Capital of the C ompany is INR 
7,57,00,00,000 (Rupees Seven Hundred Fifty Seven Crores only) divided 
into 74,40,00,000 (Seventy Four Crores Forty Lakhs only) Equity 
Shares of Rs. 10/ - each and 1,30,00,000 (One Crore Thirty Lakhs only) 
Preference Shares of Rs. 10/ - each.” F or the avoidance of doubt, any 
shares held by the Transferor Company in the Transferee Company, or 
vice versa, shall be automatically cancelled upon the Scheme becoming 
effective, and any change in the authorized share capital of either 
company prior to th e Effective Date shall automatically reflect in the 
amended Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee 
Company;  
(x) Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no equity shares shall be 
issued or allotted by the Transferee Company, as the Transfer or 
Company and the Transferee Company are wholly owned subsidiaries 
of the Holding Company, and no change in ownership or control will 
occur. The issued, subscribed, and paid -up share capital of the 
Transferee Company shall remain unchanged, and the equity  shares of 
the Transferor Company held by the Holding Company and its 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 18 of 19 
 nominees shall be deemed extinguished and cancelled with effect from 
the Effective Date;  
(xi) The Transferee Company shall file the revised memorandum and 
articles of association with th e concerned Registrar of Companies and 
the Transferee Company shall further make the requisite payments of 
the differential fee (if any) for the enhancement of authorized capital 
after setting off the fees paid by the Transferor Company;  
(xii) The Petitioner Companies will furnish a self -certified copy of the 
approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of the Transferor Company to 
the Designated Registrar of this Tribunal. The Designated Registrar will 
issue a certified copy of this Order together with t he authenticated copy 
of the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets as its enclosures. All 
the Authorities are directed to act on the certified copy of this order as 
issued by the Designated Registrar;  
(xiii) The Petitioner Companies are directed to file t he certified copy of 
this Order along with the copy of Scheme with the concerned Registrar 
of Companies, electronically along with e -form INC -28 within 30 days 
or an extended timeline with payment of additional fees, as may be 
applicable, from the date of receipt of the Order. Following that, 
necessary steps shall be taken up by the Registrar of Companies;  
(xiv) The Transferee Company are directed to lodge a copy of this Order 
and the approved Scheme and Schedule of Assets of the Transferor 
Company, duly au thenticated by the Designated Registrar of this 

NCLT Chandigarh Bench Court - II 
CP(CAA) No. 32/Chd/Hry/2025  
Page 19 of 19 
 Tribunal respectively as the case may be, with the concerned 
Superintendent of Stamps, for the purpose of adjudication of stamp 
duty, if any, within 60 days from the date of receipt of the Order;  
(xv) Any per son interested shall be at liberty to apply to this Tribunal 
in the above matter for any directions that may be necessary.  
14. Accordingly, the Company Petition bearing CP(CAA) No. 
32/Chd/Hry/2025  stands allowed and disposed of.  
 
Sd/- 
Kaushalendra Kumar Singh
  Member (Technical)  
    
     
  Sd/- 
Khetrabasi Biswal  
Member (Judicial)  
                     Aakash  
      
 
     
