  
 
 
September  29, 202 6 
 
Listing Department , 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH  Listing Department,  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 543220  
 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under r egulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our earlier intimation dated September 11, 2026  regarding petition s, including interlocutory 
petition s, filed before the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Cuttack Bench  (“NCLT ”) by the legal 
representatives of BRS Capital Tw o Pte. Limited (“BRS Capital”) against Kalinga Hospital Ltd. ("KHL"), a subsidiary of 
the Company, the other shareholder of KHL from whom the Company acquired the majority equity stake  and the 
Company.   
 
The said petition s were listed  for hearing  on September  28, 2026  at 2.30 pm (IST) .  
 
Details as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are enclosed 
as Annexure . 
 
This disclosure will also be hosted on Company's website viz. www.maxhealthcare.in .  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly,   
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited  
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa  
EVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl.: As above   
  
 
Annexure  
 
Details with respect to Regulation 30 of the  
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
S. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  The details of any change in the status and  
/ or any development in relation to such 
proceedings  The matter  could not be  heard by the Hon’ble National Company 
Law Tribunal, Cuttack Bench (“NCLT”) on September 28, 2026 , 
due to paucity of time .  
 
The Hon’ble NCLT  adjourned the matter to October 29, 2026 for 
further hearing.  
 
The Company received a copy of the order passed by the  Hon'ble 
NCLT on September  29, 2026 at 5.45 pm (IST).  
 
2.  In the case of litigation against key 
management personnel or its promoter or 
ultimate person in control, regularly 
provide details of any in the status and / 
or any development in relation to such 
proceedings  Not applicable  
3.  In the event of settlement of the 
proceedings, details of such settlement 
including - terms of the settlement, 
compensation/penalty paid (if any) and 
impact of such settlement on the financial 
position of the listed entity  Not applicable  
 