 
Ref: SEC/MFL/SE/2026/ 6723       
  August 31, 2026  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
Symbol: MUTHOOTFIN  Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 533398  
 
NSE IFSC Limited (NSE IX)  
Unit 1201, Brigade, International Financial Center, 
12th Floor, Building No. 14 -A, GIFT SEZ 
Gandhinagar,  
Gujarat 382 355   
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30, read with Part A of Schedule III, and other applicable 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations  and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”)  
  
Re: Outcome of Board Meeting held on August 31, 2026  
 
 
A meeting of the Board of Directors of Muthoot Finance Limited was held today, i.e., August 31, 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 51 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we, Muthoot Finance Limited 
(Company), wish to inform you that after considering the recommendation and report of the Audit 
Committee of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company ( Board) has, at its meeting held 
today, i.e., August 31, 2026, approved the scheme of amalgamation amongst Muthoot Money Limited 
(a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company), the Company and their respective shareholders and 
creditors under Sections 230 to 23 2 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the rules made thereunder (Scheme).  
 
The Scheme is, inter alia, subject to the sanction of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Kochi 
Bench (Hon’ble NCLT) and receipt of necessary appro vals from the Reserve Bank of India, shareholders 
and creditors, as may be directed by the Hon’ble NCLT, and other regulatory authorities, as may be 
required.  
 
The Scheme shall be filed with BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(collectively, Stock Exchanges) for disclosure purposes in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 
37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 20 June 2023 and SEBI Master Circular No. S EBI/HO/DDHS/DDHS -PoD-
1/P/CIR/2025/0000000103 dated 11 July 2025.  
 
Further, the Scheme as approved by the Board shall be available on the website of the Company after 
it has been filed with the Stock Exchanges.  
 
 
The details in relation to the Scheme as req uired under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
read with the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference number SEBI/ HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-
POD2/I/3762/2026 issued on 11 July 2023 (last updated on 30 January 2026) are enclosed herewith 
as Annexure A . 
 
The meeting commenced at 2:30 PM (IST) and concluded at 0 2.55 PM (IST).  
 
For Muthoot Finance Limited  
 
 
 
Rajesh A  
Company Secretary  
ICSI Membership No. FCS 7106  
 
CC: Debenture Trustees  
  
 
Annexure A  
 
Details under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) Regulation, 
2015 read along with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/ HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 
issued on 11 July 2023 (last updated on 30 January 2026)  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the entities 
forming part of the 
amalgamation  Transferor Company – Muthoot Money Limited ( MML ) 
 
Transferee Company – Muthoot Finance Limited ( MFIN ) 
2.  Details in brief such 
as, size, turnover etc. 
of the entities  Name of the 
Company  Turnover as on 
31.03.26  Total assets as on 
31.03.26  
MML  Rs. 1,294.13 Crs  Rs. 10,344.92 Crs  
MFIN  Rs. 27,599.87 Crs  Rs. 1,79,944.55 Crs  
 
3.  Whether the 
transaction would 
fall within related 
party transactions? If 
yes, whether the 
same is done at 
“arms length”  The proposed transaction is between MFIN and its wholly owned 
subsidiary, MML.  
 
In terms of Regulation 23(5)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, any 
transaction entered into between a holding company and its 
wholly owned subsidiary, whose accounts are consolidated with 
such holding company and placed before the shareholders at the 
general meeting for approval, is exempted from the provisions of 
Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  
 
Further, in terms of General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17 July 
2014, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, transactions 
arising out of co mpromises, arrangements and amalgamations 
under the Companies Act, 2013 will not attract the requirements 
of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
4.  Area of business of 
the entity(ies)  MFIN is registered with the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) as a non-
deposit taking Non -Banking Financial Company ( NBFC ) and is 
classified as an upper layer NBFC as per the applicable RBI 
regulations.  
 
MML is registered with the RBI as a non -deposit taking NBFC and 
is classified as a middle layer NBFC as per the applic able RBI 
regulations.  
 
Both MFIN and MML are engaged primarily in the business of 
providing gold loans . 
 
5.  Rationale for 
amalgamation/ 
merger  (a) The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company, and the entire paid -up share capital  of 
the Transferor Company is held by the Transferee Company. 
The Scheme is proposed as part of the consolidation strategy 
within the Muthoot  Finance Ltd group, aimed at simplifying 
the group structure, and unlocking operational, financial and 
administrati ve efficiencies within the combined entity.  
 
(b) The amalgamation of MML with MFIN pursuant to this 
Scheme shall, inter alia¸ have the following benefits:  
 
(i) the amalgamation will consolidate the  operations and 
the  business of the Transferor Company, mainly being 
the gold loan business, into the Transferee Company, 
which is the largest gold loan NBFC in the country, 
thereby creating a larger gold loan business with 
enhanced operating synergies, i mproved utilisation of 
resources, streamlined workflows and greater 
operational efficiencies;  
 
(ii) the amalgamation will enable rationalization of costs 
by eliminating redundancies and achieving 
simplification of management structure thereby 
leading to better administration and cost savings;  
 
(iii) the amalgamation will result in operational efficiencies 
and cost optimisation through the consolidation of 
office locations and infrastructure, integration of 
systems and processes, and the achievement of 
economies of sca le, thereby leading to revenue and 
cost synergies;  
 
(iv) the amalgamation would result in having a unified 
approach to customer interactions, as well as lender 
engagement under a single platform which would 
further simplify operations, thereby enhancing 
custome r and lender servicing experiences;  
 
(v) the unification of businesses would result in the 
consolidation of financial, managerial, technical, and 
human resources, thereby creating a stronger base for 
future growth and stakeholder value accretion;  
 
(vi) the creation  of a larger consolidated financial services 
entity will enable such entity to deliver an increased 
range of financial products to a broader customer 
base. The Transferee Company ’s pan -India network of 
over 5,000 (five thousand) branches will be further 
 
expanded by the addition of 1006  branches of the 
Transferor Company thereby enabling deeper market 
penetration. Further, the Transferee Company would, 
following the amalgamation, benefit from economies 
of scale and operational efficiencies arising from the 
integration of the branch networks, with the larger 
combined network enabling the Muthoot finance 
group to realise greater scale and operational 
synergies, leading to revenue and cost synergies;  
 
(vii) an enhanced consolidated balance sheet would also 
bring effic iency with respect to the merged entity ’s 
treasury operations, thereby helping in the overall 
liability management of the organization; and  
 
(viii) the Scheme does not affect the rights and interests of 
the shareholders of the Transferee Company. Since the 
Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Transferee Company, there will be no change in the 
capital structure of the Transferee Company.  
Accordingly, the shareholding and other rights of the 
members of the Transferee Company will remain 
unaffected.   
6.  In case of cash 
consideration – 
amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio  MML is a wholly owned subsidiary of MFIN. Upon the Scheme 
coming into effect, the entire share capital of MML held by MFIN 
shall stand cancelled and no shares shall be issued by MFIN as 
consideration for the amalgamation.  
7.  Brief details of 
change in 
shareholding pattern 
(if any) of listed 
entity  There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern of the 
Company as no shares shall be issued by MFIN pursuant to the 
Scheme.  
 