 
Date: September 2 8, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra –Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai -  400 051 
 
Symbol: NATCOPHARM  
 BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai 400 001  
Maharashtra, India 
 Scrip Code: 524816  
Dear Sir( s)/Madam(s),  
 Sub: Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and Outcome of the Fund -raising Committee meeting held on 
September 25 , 2026 
Ref: Earlier intimation s on Outcome of the Board meeting(s) held on 9
th September, 2026 & 25th 
September, 2026  
 We refer to our earlier intimations on the captioned subject and would like  to inform that the Fund -
Raising Committee of the Board  at their meeting held today have approved the Letter of Offer for the 
Rights issue . 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed the Letter of Offer dated September 28, 2026  for the Rights issue 
of the Company which is also being submitted to the SEBI in compliance with Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018  (“SEBI ICDR 
Regulations”) . 
 
Further we would also like to inform that the Company  has obtained ISIN: INE987B20018  for credit of 
the Rights Entitlements in the demat account of the eligible equity shareholders as on the Record Date in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 77A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Require ments) Regulations, 2018 read with relevant circulars issued 
by SEBI from time to time in this regard.  
 
In this regard, please find enclosed LOF dated September 28, 2026, for the Rights Issue of the Company  
which is also being submitted with SEBI in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, as amended, and SEBI Circular bearing ref. no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/31 dated March 11, 2025.  
 The meeting of the Committee  commenced at 8 .15 p.m. and completed at  8.45 p.m. 
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on record.  
 
Thanking you,   Yours faithfully,  
For Natco Pharma Limited  
  Ch. Venkat Ramesh  Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
 
Please scan this QR Code to 
view this Letter  of Offer  Letter of Offer  
Dated September 28, 2026  
For Eligible Equity Shareholders only  
 
 
 
 
NATCO  PHARMA LIMITED  
 
Our Company was incorporated as a private limited company under the name “Natco Fine Pharmaceuticals Private Limited” under t he Companies Act, 1956 and was 
granted a certificate of incorporation dated September 19, 1981 by the Registrar of Companies, Andhr a Pradesh at Hyderabad. Our Company became a deemed public 
company with effect from July 1, 1992,  pursuant to our intimation to the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad  by letter dated May 29, 1992 , and the 
word “Private” was deleted from the name  of our Company . Subsequently, the name of our Company was changed to “NATCO Pharma Limited”  and a fresh certificate 
of incorporation consequent upon change of name was issued by the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad  on February 18, 1993.  Subsequently , our 
Company was converted into a public limited company  and a fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon conversion dated December 30, 1994,  was issued by 
the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad . For further details, see “ General Information ” on page 47. 
 
Registered and Corporate Office : ‘NATCO House’, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad  - 500034, Telangana , India  
Tel: +91 40 2354 7532 ; Contact Person : Chekuri Venkat Ramesh , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
E-mail : investors@natcopharma.co.in ; Website : www. natcopharma.co. in 
Corporate Identity Number : L24230TG1981PLC003201  
PROMOTER S OF OUR COMPANY: VENKAIAH CHOWDARY NANNAPANENI, DURGA DEVI NANNAPANENI, RAJEEV NANNAPANENI, 
NEELIMA SITA NANNAPANENI, VENKAIAH CHOWDARY NANNAPANENI HUF, VISTRA ITCL INDIA LIMITED A/C NEELIMA 
NANNAPANENI TRUST, VISTRA ITCL INDIA LIMITED A/C DURGADEVI FAMILY TRUST, VISTRA IT CL INDIA LIMITED A/C VCN 
FAMILY TRUST AND SAU FAMILY TRUST  
FOR PRIVATE CIRCULATION TO ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF NATCO PHARMA  LIMITED (THE “COMPANY” OR THE 
“ISSUER”) ONLY  
ISSUE OF UP TO 17,05 8,082* FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 2 EACH OF OUR COMPANY (THE “RIGHTS EQUITY 
SHARES”) FOR CASH AT A PRICE OF ₹ 750 PER RIGHTS EQUITY SHARE (INCLUDING A PREMIUM OF ₹ 748 PER RIGHTS EQUITY 
SHARE) (“ISSUE PRICE”) AGGREGATING UP TO ₹ 12,794  MILLION* ON A RIGHTS BASIS TO THE ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS 
OF OUR COMPANY IN THE RATIO OF 2 RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES FOR EVERY 21 FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARE S HELD BY THE 
ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS ON THE RECORD DATE, THAT IS ON  OCTOBER 1, 2026  (“RECORD DATE”) (THE “ISSUE”). FOR 
FURTHER DETAILS, SEE “ TERMS OF THE ISSUE ” BEGINNING ON PAGE  83. 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.   
GENERAL RISKS  
Investment in equity and equity related securities involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest any funds in the Issue unless they can afford to take 
the risk with such investment. Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before  taking an investment decision in this Issue. For taking an investment 
decision, investors shall rely on their own examination of the issuer  and the offer, including the risks involved. The securities being offered in the Issue have not 
been recommended or approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”) nor does SEBI guarantee the accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of 
Offer . Specific attention of investors is invited to the section “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 14. 
CONFIRMATION  
Neither our Company nor our Promoter s or any of our Directors have been or are identified as Wilful Defaulters or Fraudulent Borrowers.  
COMPANY’S ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY  
Our Company, having made all reasonable inquiries, accepts responsibility for and confirms that this Letter of Offer  contains all information with regard to our 
Company and the Issue, which is material in the context of the Issue, and that the information contained in this Letter of Offer  is true and correct in all material 
aspects and is not misleading in any material respect, that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held an d that there are no other facts, the 
omission of which makes this Letter of Offer  as a whole or any such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material 
respect.  
LISTING  
The existing Equity Shares of our Company are listed on BSE Limited (“ BSE ”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE ” and together with BSE, 
the “ Stock  Exchanges ”). Our Company has received “in -principle” approvals from NSE and BSE for listing the Rights Equity Shares through their letters  each 
dated September 21, 2026 . Our Company will also make applications to NSE and BSE to obtain trading approvals for the Rights Entitlements as required un der 
the SEBI ICDR Master Circular. For the purposes of the Issue, the Designated Stock Exchange is NSE. 
REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE   
 KFin Technologies Limited  
Address:  Selenium Tower -B, Plot No. 31 & 32 Gachibowli  
Financial  District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally  
Hyderabad  - 500 032 , Telangana, India.  
Tel: +91 40 6716  2222/ 1800 309 4001  
E-mail:  natcopharma.rights@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance ID:  einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Contact Person:  Williams R  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration No .: INR000000221  
 
ISSUE PROGRAMME  
LAST DATE FOR CREDIT OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS   October 6, 2026  
ISSUE OPENING DATE   October 12, 2026  
LAST DATE FOR ON MARKET RENUNCIATION OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS #  October 1 6, 2026  
ISSUE CLOSING DATE*   October 22, 2026  
FINALISATION OF BASIS OF ALLOTMENT (ON OR ABOUT)   October 23, 2026  
DATE OF ALLOTMENT (ON OR ABOUT)   October 23, 2026  
DATE OF CREDIT OF RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES (ON OR ABOUT)   October 26, 2026  
DATE OF LISTING (ON OR ABOUT)   October 27, 2026  
 
#Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off -market transfer is completed in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat accounts of the Renounce es 
on or prior to the Issue Closing Date.  
*Our Board or the Fund Raising  Committee will have the right to extend the Issue Period as it may determine from time to time but not exceeding 30 days from the Issue  Opening Date (inclusive of the Issue Opening 

 
ii 
 Date). Further, no withdrawal of Application shall be permitted by any Applicant after the Issue Closing Date.
 
  
(This page has intentionally been left blank)
 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
SECTION I – GENERAL  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 1 
DEFINITIONS  AND  ABBREVIATIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 1 
NOTICE  TO INVESTORS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............................  8 
PRESENTATION  OF FINANCIAL  INFORMATION  AND  OTHER  INFORMATION  ........................  10 
FORWARD  LOOKING  STATEMENTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 12 
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  14 
SECTION III: INTRODUCTION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  42 
SUMMARY  OF LETTER  OF OFFER  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  42 
THE  ISSUE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  46 
GENERAL  INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  47 
CAPITAL  STRUCTURE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  51 
OBJECTS  OF THE  ISSUE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  53 
STATEMENT  OF SPECIAL  TAX  BENEFITS  ................................ ................................ ...........................  64 
SECTION IV: ABOUT OUR COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 70 
OUR  MANAGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 70 
SECTION V: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ..............................  74 
FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  74 
SUMMARY  OF FINANCIALS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  75 
SECTION VI: GOVERNMENT APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ...........................  77 
GOVERNMENT  AND  OTHER  APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ...........................  77 
OTHER  REGULATORY  AND  STATUTORY  DISCLOSURES  ................................ ...............................  78 
SECTION VII: ISSUE INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 83 
TERMS  OF THE  ISSUE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  83 
RESTRICTIONS  ON FOREIGN  OWNERSHIP  OF INDIAN  SECURITIES  ................................ ........  113 
RESTRICTIONS  ON PURCHASES  AND  RESALES  ................................ ................................ ..............  115 
SECTION VIII: OTHER INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ................................  119 
MATERIAL  CONTRACTS  AND  DOCUMENTS  FOR  INSPECTION  ................................ ..................  119 
DECLARATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  121 
 
 
1 
 SECTION I – GENERAL  
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS  
This Letter of Offer  uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates, or 
implies or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below.  
References to any legislation, act, regulation, rule, guideline, clarification or policy shall be to such legislation, 
act, regulation, rule, guideline or policy as amended, supplemented or re -enacted from time to time and any 
reference to a statutory prov ision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that 
provision. The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer , but not defined herein shall have the meaning 
ascribed to such terms under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, the 
SCRA, the Depositories Act, and the rules and regulations made thereunder.  
The following list of capitalised terms used in this Letter of Offer  is intended for the convenience of the 
reader/prospective investor only and is not exhaustive. However, terms used in the sections titled “Risk Factors”, 
“Summary of Letter of Offer ”, “Statement of Special Tax Benefits” , “Financial Statements ” and “Terms of the 
Issue” on pages 14, 42 , 64, 74 and 83, respectively, shall, unless indicated otherwise, have the meanings ascribed 
to such terms in the respective sections/ chapters.  
General Terms  
Term  Description  
“Company”  or “Issuer”  NATCO Pharma Limited, a public limited company incorporated under the Companies 
Act, 1956 and validly existing under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered 
office at NATCO House, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad 500 034, Telangana, 
India  
“We”, “Our”, “Us” or “our 
Group”  Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies or unless otherwise specified, refers 
to our Company along with our Subsidiaries, as applicable, on a consolidated basis  
 
Company Related Terms  
Term  Description  
“Articles of Association” or 
“Articles”  Articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time  
Associate  Associate  of our Company, namely , Adcock Ingram Holdings Proprietary Limited  
Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements  Collectively, the audited consolidated financial statements  of the Company , its 
Subsidiaries  and its Associate , which comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 
March 31, 2026 and the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated 
statement of cash flow s for the year then ended , and notes to the consolidated financial 
statements, including material  accounting policies and other explanatory information, 
including comparative audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries  as at  and for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 , prepared in 
accordance with accounting  principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards  (“Ind AS ”) specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act 
read with the  Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended  
“Auditors” or “Statutory 
Auditors”  The statutory auditors of our Company, being B S R and Co, Chartered Accountants  
 
“Board of Directors” or “Board” 
or “our Board”  The board of directors of our Company. For details, see “ Our Management – Board of 
Directors ” on page 70 
Chairman and Managing 
Director  The chairman  and managing director of our Company, V.C. Nannapaneni . For details, 
see “ Our Management - Board of Directors ” on page  70 
“Chief Financial Officer” or 
“CFO”  The Chief Financial Officer of our Company, Amit Parekh  
  
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer  The company secretary and compliance officer of our Company, Chekuri Venkat 
Ramesh   
Directors  The directors on our Board, as may be appointed from time to time. For details, see 
“Our Management – Board of Directors ” on page 70 
Equity Shares  Equity shares of face value of ₹2 each of our Company  
Executive Director(s)  The executive Directors of our Company, appointed as per the Companies Act, 2013 
and the SEBI LODR Regulations. For details of our Executive Directors, see “ Our 
Management – Board of Directors ” on pag e 70 
 
 
2 
 Term  Description  
Financial Statements  Collectively, the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Limited Review  
Financial Results  
Fund Raising Committee  The fund raising committee constituted by our Board of Directors for the purposes of 
the Issue, comprising Venkaiah Chowdary  Nannapaneni  (Chairman ), Rajeev 
Nannapaneni  (Member ) and Potluri Sivaramakrishna Prasad  (Member ) 
Group Companies  Group companies of our Company as determined in terms of Regulation 2(1)(t) of SEBI 
ICDR Regulations  
Independent Director(s)  The non -executive, independent Directors of our Company, appointed as per the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations. For details of our Independent 
Directors, see “ Our Management – Board of Directors ” on page 70 
Limited Review  Financial 
Results  The unaudited consolidated  financial results  of the Company  and its Subsidiaries and 
the share of net profit after tax and total comprehensive income of its Associate for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, including the comparative unaudited consolidated 
financial results of the Company and its Subsidiaries for  the quarter ended June 30, 
2025, prepared in accordance with Ind AS 34  “Interim Financial Reporting” prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act,  2013 read with rule 3 of Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as  amended  
Materiality Threshold  The materiality threshold determined by our Board pursuant to the resolution dated 
September 9, 2026  for the disclosure of outstanding material legal proceedings 
involving our Company and its Subsidiaries, i.e. ₹ 781.70  million  
“Memorandum of Association” 
or “Memorandum”  Memorandum of association of our Company, as amended from time to time  
“Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee”  Nomination and remuneration committee of our Board of Directors  
Promoter (s) The promoter s of our Company being, Venkaiah Chowdary  Nannapaneni, Durga Devi 
Nannapaneni, Rajeev Nannapaneni, Neelima Sita Nannapaneni, Venkaiah Chowdary 
Nannapaneni HUF, Vistra ITCL India Limited A/c Neelima Nannapaneni Trust, Vistra 
ITCL India Limited A/c Durgadevi Family Trust, Vistra ITCL India Limited A/c VCN 
Family Trust and SAU Family Trust  
Promoter Group  Unless the context requires otherwise, the promoter group of our Company as 
determined in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Registered Office  and Corporate 
Office  The registered office of our Company located at  ‘NATCO House’, Road No. 2, Banjara 
Hills, Hyderabad - 500034, Telangana, India  
Senior Management  Senior management personnel of our Company determined in accordance with 
Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee  Stakeholders’ relationship committee of our Board of Directors  
Subsidiaries  The subsidiaries of our Company, being: (i) NATCO Pharma Inc.; (ii) Time Cap 
Overseas Limited; (iii) NATCO Pharma (Canada) Inc.; (iv) NATCO Pharma Asia Pte 
Ltd.; (v) NATCO Pharma Australia Pty Ltd; (vi) NATCO Lifesciences Philippines Inc.; 
(vii) NATCO Phar ma UK Limited; (viii) PT. NATCO Lotus Farma; (ix) NATCO 
Pharma Colombia S.A.S.; (x) NATCO Crop Health Sciences Limited and (x i) NATCO 
Pharma South Africa Proprietary Limited; and the step -down subsidiaries of our 
Company, being (xi i) NATCO Pharma USA LLC; and (xii i) NatcoFarma do Brasil Ltda.  
Vice Chair man and Chief 
Executive Officer  The Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  of our Company, being Rajeev 
Nannapaneni . For details, please see the section titled "  Our Management – Board of 
Directors ” beginning on page 70 
 
Issue Related Terms  
Term  Description  
Additional Rights Equity Shares  The Rights Equity Shares applied for or allotted under this Issue in addition to the Rights 
Entitlement  
“Allotment” or “Allot” or 
“Allotted”  Allotment of Rights Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue  
Allotment Account(s)  The account(s) opened with the Banker(s) to the Issue, into which the Application 
Money, with respect to successful Applicants,  will be transferred on the Transfer Date 
in accordance with Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013  
Allotment Account Bank(s)  Bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an issue 
and with whom the Allotment Accounts will be opened, in this case being, Kotak 
Mahindra  Bank  Limited  
Allotment Advice  The note or advice or intimation of Allotment sent to each successful Applicant who has 
been or is to be Allotted the Rights Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue after approval of 
the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange  
Allotment Date  Date on which the Allotment is made pursuant to the Issue  
 
 
3 
 Term  Description  
Allottee(s)  Person(s) to whom the Rights Equity Shares are Allotted pursuant to the Issue  
“Applicant(s)” or “Investor(s)”  Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) and/or Renouncee(s) who are entitled to make an 
application for the Rights Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue in terms of this Letter of 
Offer  
Application  Application made through submission of the Application Form or plain paper 
application to the Designated Branch(es) of the SCSBs or online/ electronic application 
through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSBs) under the ASBA 
process, to  subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares at the Issue Price  
Application Form  Unless the context otherwise requires, an application form (including online application 
form available for submission of application through the website of the SCSBs (if made 
available by such SCSBs) under the ASBA process)  used by an Applicant to make an 
application for the Allotment of Rights Equity Shares in the Issue  
Application Money  Aggregate amount payable in respect of the Rights Equity Shares applied for in the Issue 
at the Issue Price  
“Application Supported by 
Blocked Amount” or “ASBA”  Application (whether physical or electronic) used by Applicant(s) to make an 
application authorizing the SCSB to block the Application Money in a specified bank 
account maintained with the SCSB  
ASBA Account  An account maintained with SCSBs and as specified in the Application Form or plain 
paper Application, as the case may be, by the Applicant for blocking the amount 
mentioned in the Application Form or in the plain paper Application  
ASBA Circulars  Collectively, SEBI circular  pertaining to Applications Supported by Blocked Amount 
(ASBA) facility for right issues, as subsumed under the  SEBI ICDR Master Circular (to 
the extent it pertains to the rights issue process),  and any other circular issued by SEBI 
in this regard  and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard  
Banker to the Issue  Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited  
Banker to the Issue Agreement  Agreement dated September 9, 2026 , entered into by and among our Company, the 
Registrar to the Issue, and the Banker to the Issue for among other things, collection of 
the Application Money from Applicants/Investors , transfer of funds to the Allotment 
Account,  refund of the whole or part of the application amounts , shall  on the terms and 
conditions thereof . 
Basis of Allotment  The basis on which the Rights Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful applicants in 
consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange in this Issue, as described in “ Terms 
of the Issue ” beginning on page  83 
“Controlling Branches” or 
“Controlling Branches of the 
SCSBs”  Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the Registrar to the Issue and the 
Stock Exchanges, a list of which is available on SEBI’s website,  updated from time to 
time, or at such other website(s) as may be prescribed by the SEBI from time to time  
Demographic Details  Details of Investors including the Investor’s address, PAN, DP ID, Client ID, bank 
account details and occupation, where applicable  
Depository(ies)  NSDL and CDSL or any other depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 as amended 
from time to time read with the Depositories Act, 1996  
Designated Branch(es)  Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the Applications , used by  the ASBA 
Investors and a list of which is available on the website of SEBI and/or such other 
website (s) as may be prescribed by the SEBI from time to time  
Designated Stock Exchange  The designated stock exchange for the Issue, being National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
Eligible Equity Shareholder(s)  Equity Shareholders as on the Record Date. Please note that only those Equity 
Shareholders who have provided an Indian address to our Company  are eligible to 
participate in the Issue. For further details, see “ Notice to Investors ” and “ Restrictions 
on Purchases and Resales ” beginning on pages  8 and 115, respectively  
“Equity Shareholder(s)” or 
“Shareholders”  Holder(s) of the Equity Shares of our Company  
Fraudulent Borrower  Fraudulent Borrower(s) as defined under Regulations 2(1)(lll) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations  
Gross Proceeds  The gross proceeds raised through the Issue  
Issue  This issue of up to 17,058,082* Rights Equity Shares for cash at a price of ₹750 per 
Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ₹748 per Rights Equity Share)  aggregating 
up to  ₹12,794* million  on a rights basis to the Eligible Equity Shareholders of our 
Company  in the ratio of 2 Rights Equity Shares for every 21 Equity Shares held by the 
Eligible Equity Shareholders on the Record Date.  
 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment.  
Issue Closing Date  October 22, 2026  
Issue Materials  Collectively, the Draft Letter of Offer , this Letter of Offer, the Application Form, the 
Rights Entitlement Letter and any other material relating to the Issue  
 
 
4 
 Term  Description  
Issue Opening Date  October 12, 2026  
Issue Period  The period between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date, inclusive of 
both days, during which Applicants/Investors can submit their Applications, in 
accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Issue Price  ₹750 per Rights Equity Share  
Issue Proceeds  The gross proceeds raised through the Issue  
Issue Size  The issue of up to 17,058,082  Rights Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹12,794* million  
 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment.  
“Draft Letter of Offer” or 
“DLOF”  The draft  letter of offer dated September 9, 2026 , filed with the Stock Exchanges  
“Letter of Offer” or “LOF”  This letter of offer dated September 2 8, 2026 , filed with the Stock Exchanges  
Listing Agreements  The uniform listing agreements entered into between our  Company  and the Stock 
Exchanges in terms of the SEBI LODR Regulations  
Monitoring Agency  Crisil Ratings Limited  
Monitoring Agency Agreement  Agreement dated September 9, 2026 , between our Company and the Monitoring Agency 
in relation to monitoring of Gross Proceeds  
Multiple Application Forms  More than one application form submitted by an Eligible Equity 
Shareholder/Renouncee in respect of the same Rights Entitlement available in their 
demat account. However, additional applications in relation to Additional Rights Equity 
Shares with/without us ing additional Rights Entitlements will not be treated as multiple 
applications  
Net Proceeds  Issue Proceeds less the estimated Issue related expenses. For further details, see 
“Objects of the Issue ” beginning on page 53 
Off Market Renunciation  The renunciation of Rights Entitlements undertaken by the Investor by transferring its 
Rights Entitlements through off market transfer through a depository participant in 
accordance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, circulars issued by the Depositories 
from time to time and other applicable laws.  
 
Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off -
market transfer is completed in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited 
to the demat account of the Renouncee on or prior to the Issue Closing Date  
On Market Renunciation  The renunciation of Rights Entitlements undertaken by the Investor by trading its Rights 
Entitlements over the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges through a 
registered stock broker in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, circulars 
issued by the Stock Exchanges from time to time and other applicable laws, on or before  
October 16, 2026  
Qualified Institutional Buyers or 
QIBs  Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations  
Record Date  Designated date for the purpose of determining the Equity Shareholders who would be 
eligible to apply for the Rights Equity Shares in the Issue subject to terms and conditions 
set out in the Issue Materials, being October 1, 2026  
Registrar Agreement  Agreement dated September 9, 2026 , between our Company and the Registrar to the 
Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue 
pertaining to this Issue  
“Registrar to the Issue” or 
“Registrar” or “Share Transfer 
Agent”  KFin Technologies Limited  
Renouncee(s)  Person(s) who has/have acquired Rights Entitlements from the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders on renunciation in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular  
Renunciation Period  The period during which the Eligible Equity Shareholders can renounce or transfer their 
Rights Entitlements which shall commence from the Issue Opening Date. Such period 
shall close on  October 16, 2026  in case of On Market Renunciation. Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off -market transfer is 
completed in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat 
account of the Renouncee on or prior to the Issue Closing Date  
Rights Entitlement(s)  Number of Rights Equity Shares that an Eligible Equity Shareholder is entitled to in 
proportion to the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible Equity Shareholder on 
the Record Date, in this case being 2 Rights Equity Shares for every 21 Equity Shares 
held by an Eligible Equity Shareholder on the Record Date  
Rights Entitlement Letter  Letter including details of Rights Entitlements of the Eligible Equity Shareholders. The 
details of Rights Entitlements are also accessible on the website of our Company  
Rights Equity Shares  Equity Shares of our Company to be Allotted pursuant to this Issue, on a fully paid -up 
basis on Allotment  
Rights Equity Shareholders  Holder of the Rights Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue  
 
 
5 
 Term  Description  
SCSB(s)  Self-certified syndicate banks registered with SEBI, which acts as a banker to the Issue 
and which offers the facility of ASBA. A list of all SCSBs is available at 
www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34, or 
such other we bsite as updated from time to time  
Specific Investor(s)  Regulation 77B of the SEBI ICDR Regulations defines specific investor(s) as any 
investor who is eligible to participate in the Issue (a) whose name has been disclosed by 
our Company in terms of Regulation 84(1)(f)(i) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations; or (b) 
whose name has been disclosed by our Company in terms of sub -clause 84(1)(f)(ii) of 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Stock Exchanges  Stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are presently listed i.e. BSE and NSE 
Transfer Date  The date on which the Application Money blocked in the ASBA Account will be 
transferred to the Allotment Account(s) in respect of successful Applications, upon 
finalization of the Basis of Allotment, in consultation with the Designated Stock 
Exchange  
Wilful Defaulter  Wilful defaulter as defined under Regulation 2(1)(lll) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Working Days  All days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. Further, in 
respect of the Issue Period, working day means all days, excluding Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays, on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. 
Furthermor e, in respect of the time period between the Issue Closing Date and the listing 
of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, working day means all trading days of the 
Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holidays, as per circulars issued by SEBI  
 
Conventional and General Terms or Abbreviations  
Term/Abbreviation  Description/ Full Form  
“₹” or “Rs.” or “Rupees” or 
“INR”  Indian Rupee  
Aadhaar  Aadhaar card  
AGM  Annual general meeting of the Shareholders of our Company.  
AIF(s)  Alternative investment funds, as defined and registered with SEBI under the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012  
ANDA  Abbreviated new drug application  
API(s)  Active pharmaceutical ingredient(s)  
BSE BSE Limited  
Calendar Year  Calendar year ending December 31  
Category I AIF  AIFs who are registered as “Category I Alternative Investment Funds” under the SEBI 
AIF Regulations  
Category I FPIs  FPIs who are registered as “Category I foreign portfolio investors” under the SEBI FPI 
Regulations  
CBDT  Central Board of Direct Taxes, Government of India  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CIN Corporate identity number  
Central Government  Central Government of India  
Client ID  The client identification number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to 
the demat account  
Companies Act  Companies Act, 1956 and the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable  
Companies Act, 1956  The Companies Act, 1956 along with the relevant rules made thereunder  
Companies Act, 2013  The Companies Act, 2013 along with the relevant rules made thereunder  
Depositories Act  Depositories Act, 1996  
Depository  A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018  
DIN Director identification number  
“DP” or “Depository 
Participant”  Depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act  
DP ID  Depository participant’s identification number  
DPIIT  Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry (formerly Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion)  
EGM  Extraordinary general meeting  
Erstwhile IT Act  The Income Tax Act, 1961  
FDF Finished dosage form  
FDI Foreign direct investment  
FEMA  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999  
FEMA Rules  Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt Instruments) Rules, 2019  
 
 
6 
 Term/Abbreviation  Description/ Full Form  
“Financial Year” or “Fiscal 
Year” or “Fiscal” or “FY”  Period of 12 months ending March 31 of that particular year  
FDI Policy  Consolidated Foreign Direct Investment Policy notified by DPIIT through notification 
dated October 28, 2020, issued by DPIIT, effective from October 15, 2020  
FPI Foreign portfolio investors as defined and registered under the SEBI FPI Regulations  
FVCI  Foreign venture capital investors as defined and registered under the SEBI FVCI 
Regulations  
GAAP  Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India  
GOI Government of India  
Government  Central Government and/ or the State Government, as applicable  
GST  Goods and services tax  
ICAI  Institute of Chartered Accountants of India  
IFRS  International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board  
Ind AS  Indian Accounting Standards as specified under section 133 of the Companies Act 2013 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015  
India  Republic of India  
Income  Tax Act  The Income  Tax Act, 2025  
ISIN  International securities identification number  
IST Indian standard time  
MCA  Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India  
MSME  Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise  
Mutual Fund  Mutual fund registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996  
NACH  National Automated Clearing House  
NBFC  Non-banking financial company  
NEFT  National electronic fund transfer  
Non-GAAP Financial Measure  A financial measure not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles  
NR Non-resident or person(s) resident outside India, as defined under the FEMA  
NRE  Non-resident external  
NRE Account  Non-resident external account  
NRI A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India and shall have the same 
meaning as ascribed to such term in the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) 
Regulations, 2016  
NRO  Non-resident ordinary  
NRO Account  Non-resident ordinary account  
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“OCBs” or “Overseas Corporate 
Body”  A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or indirectly to 
the extent of at least 60% by NRIs including overseas trusts, in which not less than 60% 
of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs directly or indirectly and w hich was 
in existence on October 3, 2003, and immediately before such date had taken benefits 
under the general permission granted to OCBs under FEMA  
OCI Overseas citizen of India  
PAN  Permanent account number  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
Regulation S  Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act  
RoC  Registrar of Companies, Telangana at Hyderabad  
RoW  Rest of the world  
RTGS  Real time gross settlement  
SCRA  Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956  
SCRR  Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957  
SEBI  The Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Act  The Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992  
SEBI AIF Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) 
Regulations, 2012  
SEBI FPI Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 
2019  
SEBI FVCI Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture Capital Investors) 
Regulations, 2000  
SEBI ICDR Master Circula r SEBI master circular no. HO/49/14/14(2)2026 -CFD -POD2/I/4518/2026  dated February 
9, 2026  
 
 
7 
 Term/Abbreviation  Description/ Full Form  
SEBI ICDR Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018  
SEBI LODR Regulations  / 
Listing Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
SEBI Takeover Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011  
SEBI VCF Regulations  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996, 
as repealed and replaced by the SEBI AIF Regulations  
STT Securities transaction tax  
State Government  Government of a state of India  
UPI Unified Payment Interface  
USD  United States Dollar  
“U.S.” or “USA” or “United 
States”  United States of America, its territories or possessions, any state of the United States, 
and the District of Columbia  
US GAAP  Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.  
U.S. Securities Act  U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
VCFs  Venture Capital Funds as defined in and registered with SEBI under the SEBI VCF 
Regulations or the SEBI AIF Regulations, as the case may be  
 
 
 
 
8 
 NOTICE TO INVESTORS  
The distribution of this Letter of Offer , Application Form and Rights Entitlement Letter and any other offering 
material (collectively, the “ Issue Materials ”) and issue of Rights Entitlement as well as Rights Equity Shares to 
persons in certain jurisdictions outside India may be restricted by legal requirements prevailing in those 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or Application 
Form may come or who receive Rights Entitlement and propose to renounce or apply for Rights Equity Shares in 
the Issue are required to inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. For more details, see  “Restrictions 
on Purchases and Resales ” beginning on page  115. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Rights Entitlements 
will be credited to the demat account of the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are Equity Shareholders as on the 
Record Date, however, the Issue Materials will be sent/ dispatched only to such Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
have provided an Indian address to our Company , RTA and Depository Participants  and only such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are permitted to participate in the Issue . In case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have provided 
their valid e -mail address to our Company, the Issue Materials will be sent only to their valid e -mail address and 
in case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have not provided their valid e -mail addr ess, then the Issue Materials 
will be physically dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided by them. Those 
overseas Eligible Equity Shareholders who do not update our records with their Indian address or the address of 
their duly authorised representative in India, prior to the date on which we propose to dispatch the Issue Materials, 
shall not be sent an y of the Issue Materials .  
The credit of Rights Entitlement does not constitute an offer, invitation to offer or solicitation for participation in 
the Issue, whether directly or indirectly, and only dispatch of the Issue Material s shall constitute an offer, invitation 
or solicitation for participation in the Issue in accordance with the terms of the Issue Material s. Further, receipt of 
the Issue Materials (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute an offer, invitation to or solicitation 
by anyone in (i) the United States or (ii) any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an offer, invitation 
or soli citation is unlawful or not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, 
invitation or solicitation. In those circumstances, this Letter of Offer  and any other Issue Materials must be treated 
as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for subscription to Rights Equity Shares and should not 
be copied or re -distributed, in part or full. Accordingly, persons receiving a copy of the Issue  Materials should not 
distribute or send the Issue Materials in or into any jurisdiction where to do so, would or might contravene local 
securities laws or regulations, or would subject our Company  or its affiliates to any filing or registration 
requirement (other than in India). If Issue Material s are received by any person in any such jurisdiction or the 
United States, they must not seek to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares. For more details, see “ Restrictions on 
Purchases and Resales ” beginning on page 115. 
Investors can also access the Draft Letter of Offer , this Letter of Offer  and the Application Form from the websites 
of our Company, the Registrar , the Stock Exchanges  and SEBI . 
Our Company and the Registrar will not be liable for non -dispatch of physical copies of Issue Materials, in the 
event the Issue Materials have been sent on the registered email addresses of such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
available with the Registrar in their records . 
No action has been or will be taken to permit the Issue in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that 
purpose, except that this Letter of Offer  is being filed with the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, the Rights Equity 
Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and the Issue Materials may not be distributed, in whole 
or in part, in (i) the United States, or (ii) any jurisdiction other  than India except in accordance with legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction.  
Any person who purchases or renounces the Rights Entitlements or makes an application to acquire the Rights 
Equity Shares will be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that such person is outside the 
United States and is eligible to su bscribe and authorized to purchase or sell the Rights Entitlements or acquire 
Rights Equity Shares in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations prevailing in such person’s 
jurisdiction and India, without requirement for our Company or our affilia tes to make any filing or registration 
(other than in India). In addition, each purchaser or seller of Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares 
will be deemed to make the representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements set forth in 
“Restrictions on Purchases and Resales ” beginning on page  115.  
Our Company, in consultation with the Registrar, reserves the right to treat as invalid any Application Form which: 
(i) appears to our Company or its agents to have been executed in, electronically transmitted from or dispatched 
from the United States or a ny other jurisdiction where the offer and sale of the Rights Equity Shares is not 
 
 
9 
 permitted under laws of such jurisdictions; (ii) does not include the relevant certifications set out in the Application 
Form, including to the effect that the person submitting the Application Form is outside the United States and 
such person is eligible to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares under applicable securities laws and is complying 
with laws of jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection with this Issue; or (iii) where a registered Indian 
address is not provided; or (iv) where our Co mpany believes acceptance of such Application Form may infringe 
applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and our Company shall not be bound to issue or allot any Rights 
Equity Shares in respect of any such Application Form.  
Neither the receipt of this Letter of Offer  nor any sale of Rights Equity Shares hereunder, shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our Company’s affairs from the date hereof 
or the date of such information or that the information contained herein is correct as at any time subsequent to the 
date of this Letter of Offer  or the date of such information. The contents of this Letter of Offer  should not be 
construed as legal, tax, business, financial or investment advice. Prospective investors may be subject to adverse 
foreign, state or local tax or legal consequences as a result of the offer of Rights Equity Shares or Rights 
Entitlements. As a  result, each investor should consult its own counsel, business advisor and tax advisor as to the 
legal, business, tax and related matters concerning the offer of the Rights Equity Shares or Rights Entitlements. 
In addition, our Company is not making any r epresentation to any offeree or purchaser of the Rights Equity Shares 
regarding the legality of an investment in the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares by such offeree or 
purchaser under any applicable laws or regulations.  
Investors are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of Rights Equity Shares 
applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws or regulations.  
The Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares have not been approved or disapproved by any regulatory 
authority, nor ha s any regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Rights 
Entitlements, the Rights Equity Shares or the accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of Offer . Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence in  certain jurisdictions . 
The Issue Materials are supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed or 
passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose.  
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms 
of the Issue, including the merits and risks involved.  
 
 
 
10 
 PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION  AND OTHER INFORMATION  
Certain Conventions  
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Letter of Offer  to (i) the ‘US’ 
or ‘U.S.’ or the ‘United States’ are to the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the 
United States ; (ii) ‘India’ are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions; and (iii) the ‘Government’ 
or ‘GoI’ or the ‘Central Government’ or the ‘State Government’ are to the Government of India, Central or State, 
as applicable.  
Unless otherwise specified, any time mentioned in this Letter of Offer  is in IST. Unless indicated otherwise, all 
references to a year in this Letter of Offer  are to a Calendar Year. Unless stated otherwise, all references to page 
numbers in this Letter of Offer  are to the page numbers of this Letter of Offer . In this Letter of Offer , references 
to the singular also refer to the plural and one gender also refers to any other gender, where applicable.  
Financial Data  
Unless stated otherwise, or unless the context requires otherwise, the financial data in this Letter of Offer  is derived 
from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements  and Limited Review  Financial Results  (“Financial 
Statements ”). The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements w ere audited by, and a limited review of the 
Limited Review  Financial Results was carried out by the Statutory Auditors . 
Our Company’s Financial Year commences on April 1 of each Calendar Year and ends on March 31 of the 
following Calendar Year. Unless otherwise stated, references in this Letter of Offer  to a particular ‘Financial Year’ 
or ‘Fiscal Year’ or ‘Fiscal’ are to the financial year ended March 31 of that year. For further details, see “ Financial 
Statements ” beginning on page 74. 
Our Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with Ind AS, Companies Act and other applicable 
statutory and/or regulatory requirements . Our Company publishes its financial statements in Indian Rupees. Any 
reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this 
Letter of Offer  should accordingly be limited.  
In this Letter of Offer , any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due 
to rounding off, and unless otherwise specified, all financial numbers in parenthesis represent negative figures.  
All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the whole number  and all the percentage figures have been 
rounded off up to two decimal places. Further, any figures sourced from third -party industry sources may be 
rounded off to other than two decimal points to conform to their respective sources.  
Unless stated otherwise, throughout this Letter of Offer , all figures have been expressed in Rupees, in million . 
Non-GAAP Measures  
We have included certain non -GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our 
operations and financial performance (collectively “ Non-GAAP Financial Measures ”, and each, a “ Non-GAAP 
Financial Measure ”) in this Letter of Offer , which are  return on net worth and net asset value per equity share . 
These Non -GAAP Financial Measures are not required by or presented in accordance with Ind AS. We compute 
and disclose such Non -GAAP Financial Measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations 
and financial performance as we conside r such information to be useful measures of our business and financial 
performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to 
evaluate the operational performance of other companies in our industry. Furth er, these Non -GAAP Financial 
Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, GAAP, IFRS or US 
GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the 
years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, 
liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance 
with Ind AS, GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP.  Other companies may calculate these Non -GAAP Financial Measures 
differently from us, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. However, these Non -GAAP Financial 
Measures may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicab le across the industry 
and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature 
that may be computed and presented by other companies. Accordingly, such Non -GAAP Financial Measures have 
important limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis 
of our financial position or results of operations as reported under GAAP.  
 
 
11 
 Currency of Presentation  
All references to:  
• “Rupees” or “ ₹” or “Rs.” or “INR” are to the Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India; 
and 
• “US$”, “U.S. Dollar”, “USD”, “$” or “U.S. Dollars” are to the United States Dollars, the official currency 
of the United States of America . 
 
In this Letter of Offer , our Company has presented certain numerical information. Except otherwise stated, all 
figures have been expressed in millions . One million represents ‘0.1 crore’,‘10 lakhs’ or 1,000,000.  However, 
where any figures that may have been sourced from third -party sources are expressed in denominations other than 
millions , such figures appear in this Letter of Offer  expressed in such denominations as provided in their respective 
sources.  
Exchange Rates  
This Letter of Offer  may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been 
presented solely to comply with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not 
be construed as a representation that such currency amou nts could have been, or can be converted into Indian 
Rupees, at any particular rate, or at all.  
The exchange rates of certain currencies used in this Letter of Offer  into Indian Rupees for the periods indicated 
are provided below:  
Currency# As on March 31, 202 6(₹) As on March 31, 2025 ( ₹) As on March 31, 2024 ( ₹) 
1 USD  94.65  85.58  83.37  
#Source: www.fbil.org.in  
Note: The exchange rates are rounded off to two decimal places and in event of a public holiday on the respective day, the pr evious Working 
Day not being a public holiday has been considered  
 
 
 
 
12 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
Certain statements contained in this Letter of Offer  that are not statements of historical fact constitute ‘forward -
looking statements’. Investors can generally identify forward -looking statements by terminology such as ‘aim’, 
‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘continue’, ‘can’, ‘could’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘expec ted to’, ‘intend’, ‘is likely’, ‘may’, 
‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘potential’, ‘project’, ‘pursue’, ‘shall’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘would’, or other words or phrases of 
similar import. Similarly, statements that describe the strategies, objectives, plans or goals of  our Company are 
also forward -looking statements. However, these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward -looking 
statements.  
All statements regarding our Company’s expected financial conditions, result s of operations, business plans and 
prospects are forward -looking statements. These forward -looking statements include statements as to our 
Company’s business strategy, planned projects, revenue and profitability (including, without limitation, any 
financia l or operating projections or forecasts), new business and other matters discussed in this Letter of Offer  
that are not historical facts. These forward -looking statements contained in this Letter of Offer  (whether made by 
our Company or any third party), are predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, 
assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of our Company to 
be materially different fr om any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward -looking statements or other projections. All forward -looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions about our Company that could cause actual re sults to differ materially from those contemplated 
by the relevant forward -looking statement. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from our Company’s expectations include, among others:  
1. If we are unable to successfully develop or commercialize new products in a timely manner, or if the products 
that we commercialise do not perform as expected, our business prospects, results of operations and financial 
conditions may be adversely affected ; 
 
2. Any manufacturing or quality control problems may damage our reputation, subject us to regulatory action, 
and expose us to litigation or other liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and 
financial condition ; 
 
3. Our business strategy includes developing and commercialising products that may be subject to third -party 
intellectual property rights and patent litigation. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings, or our inability 
to successfully challenge or navigate th ird-party intellectual property rights, could delay or prevent the 
commercialisation of our products and adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and 
financial condition ; 
 
4. We have limited control over the operations and businesses of local third -party entities appointed to import, 
register and distribute our products in the foreign markets ; 
 
5. Our business is subject to extensive regulation. Any failure to comply with regulations prescribed by 
governments and regulatory authorities could adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations 
and financial condition ; 
 
6. We depend to a large extent on third -party suppliers and distributors for the raw materials and certain APIs 
to manufacture our products. A prolonged interruption in the supply of such products may have a material 
adverse effect on our business and financi al condition ; 
 
7. In the United States and many of the international markets in which we sell our products, the approval process 
for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. If we fail to obtain such approvals in a timely and 
cost-efficient manner, or at all, ou r business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be 
adversely affected ; 
 
8. Our business is dependent on our manufacturing facilities, and any delay in production at, or the loss or 
shutdown of operations at any of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operation s; 
 
9. Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement 
and related matters could adversely affect the marketing, pricing and demand for our products ; and  
 
 
 
13 
 10. We propose to utilise a portion of the Issue Proceeds to undertake inorganic growth and acquisitions for which 
the target may not be identified. Any risk in completing such transaction may adversely affect our 
competitiveness and growth projects . 
 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed in the section  titled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 14.  
 
The forward -looking statements contained in this Letter of Offer  are based on the beliefs of our Company’s 
management, as well as the assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the management of our 
Company. Whilst our Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward -looking statements are 
reasonable at this time, it cannot assure investors that such expectations will prove to be correct. Given these 
uncertainties, Investors are cautioned not to place und ue reliance on such forward -looking statements. In any 
event, these statements speak only as of the date of this Letter of Offer  or the respective dates indicated in this 
Letter of Offer , and our Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise.  If any of these risks and uncertainties materialise, or if any of our 
Company’s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual results of operations or financial condition 
of our Company could differ materially from that described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. 
All subsequent forward -looking statements attributable to our Company are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by reference to these cautionary statements.   
In accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws , our Company will ensure that the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders are informed of material developments  from the date of filing of this Letter of Offer  until 
date of the grant of listing and trading approvals for the Rights Equity Shares by the Stock Exchanges.  
 
 
 
14 
 SECTION II: RISK FACTORS  
An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following 
risk factors and all other information set forth in this Letter of Offer, including the uncertainties described below, 
before making an inves tment in the Equity Shares. You should read this section together with “Summary of Letter 
of Offer”, “Financial Statements”, and “Summary of Financials” on pages 42, 74 and 75 of this Letter of Offer.  
The risks described below are those that we consider to be most significant to our business, cash flows, results of 
operations and financial conditions as of the date of this Letter of Offer. However, they may not be exhaustive or 
are not the only risks re levant to us or the Equity Shares or the industry in which we currently operate. The risks 
and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties 
not presently known to us or that we currently be lieve to be immaterial may also materially affect our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that 
we do not currently know about or don’t believe to be material, actually o ccur, our business, results of operations 
and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in our Equity Shares 
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, yo u must rely 
on your own examination of our Company and the terms of this Issue, including the merits and risks involved.  
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward -looking statements as a result of certain 
factors, including the consi derations described below and elsewhere in this Letter of Offer. For further 
information, see “Forward Looking Statements” on page 12. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires 
otherwise, the financial information included herein is based on our Financial Statements, included in this Letter 
of Offer. For further information, see “Financial Statements” on page 74. Our financial year ends on March 31 
of each year, and references to a ‘Financial Year’ are to the twelve months ended March 31 of that year.  
Internal Risk Factors  
1. If we are unable to successfully develop or commercialize new products in a timely manner, or if the 
products that we commercialise do not perform as expected, our business  prospects , results of operations 
and financial conditions may be adversely affected.  
 
Our success depends significantly on our ability to develop and commercialize new niche and complex 
products in a timely manner. Developing and commercializing a new product is time consuming, costly and 
involves a high degree of business risk. During thes e periods, our competitors may be developing similar 
products of which we are unaware of that could compete directly or indirectly with our products under 
development. Due to the prolonged period of time for developing a new product and delays associated w ith 
the regulatory approval process, we may invest resources in developing products that will face unforeseen 
or unanticipated competition of which we are currently unaware. Such unforeseen or unanticipated 
competition may hinder our ability to effectively capture market share and plan the timing of our product 
development, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.  
Commercialisation requires us to successfully develop, test, manufacture and obtain the required regulatory 
approvals for our products, while complying with applicable regulatory and safety standards in each 
jurisdiction we operate. In order to develop a c ommercially viable product, we must demonstrate, through 
extensive trials that the products are safe and effective for use in humans. Further, developing and 
commercializing a new product is time consuming, costly and subject to numerous factors, including : the 
ability to develop new products in a timely manner in compliance with regulatory requirements, the ability 
to correctly anticipate customer needs, delays or unanticipated costs, ability to scale up manufacturing 
methods to successfully manufacture co mmercial quantities of products in compliance with regulatory 
requirements.  
Our products currently under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as we 
expect, or necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all, and we may not 
be able to successfully and profitably produ ce and market such products. Moreover, it may take an extended 
period of time for our new products to gain market acceptance, if at all. To develop our product pipeline, we 
commit substantial time, efforts, funds and other resources for research and develo pment. Our investments 
in new product launches and research and development for future products may result in higher costs without 
a proportionate increase in revenues, which may have an adverse effect on our business  prospects , results of 
operations  and financial condition.  
 
 
15 
 2. Any manufacturing or quality control problems may damage our reputation, subject us to regulatory 
action, and expose us to litigation or other liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations 
and financial condition.  
 
We are required to meet stringent quality standards and specifications for manufacturing and storage of our 
products, stipulated by regulators in India and other jurisdictions, including the Ministry of Science and 
Technology of India, the Ministry of Envi ronment of India, the Department of Pharmaceuticals of the 
Ministry of Chemical and Fertilizer of India, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“ USFDA ”), the United 
Kingdom’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (“ U.K. MHRA ”), the Health Product 
Compliance Directorate of Canada (“ Health Canada ”), the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (“ ANVISA 
Brazil ”) and the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines & HealthCare (“ EDQM ”), amongst 
others. We are liable for the quality of our products for the entire duration of the shelf life of the product and 
are exposed to claims resulting from quality control issues including manufacturing defects or negligence in 
storage or handling,  which may lead to the deterioration of our products.  
 
Our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to period ic inspection or audit by regulatory agencies 
and if we are not in compliance with any of their requirements, our facilities and products may be the subject 
of a warning letter or sanctions, which could result in the withholding of product approval and the s hut-down 
of our facilities. As part of its auditing process, a USFDA field investigator may issue a Form 483 letter 
(Notice of Inspectional Observations) after an on -site inspection. If we receive a Form 483 letter, we must 
respond in a prompt manner to av oid receiving a subsequent USFDA warning letter. While we have 
successfully responded to such letters in the past, and there are no outstanding adverse remarks or critical 
observations arising from such inspections, there is a risk that we may receive critical observations or 
warning letters at any of our facilities in the future. Further, we are also required to meet quality standards 
and other specifications set out in our license agreements and other contractual arrangements.  
 
In certain foreign jurisdictions, the quantum of damages, especially punitive, awarded in cases of product 
liability may be extremely high. After our products reach the market, certain developments may adversely 
affect demand for our products, including the regulatory review of products that are already marketed, new 
scientific information, greater scrutiny in advertising and promotion, the discovery of previously unknown 
side effects or the recall or l oss of approval of products that we manufacture, market or sell. While we have 
not faced any instances of our products being recalled in the past three Financial Years, there is a risk  that 
there may be  recalls of any of our products or investigations of our manufacturing facilities or our processes 
in the future.  
 
The existence, or even threat, of a major product liability claim could damage the brand image of our 
products, our reputation and affect consumers’ views of our other products. Any loss of our reputation or 
brand image may adversely affect our ability to enter into additional business contracts in the future.  
 
3. Our business strategy includes developing and commercialising products that may be subject to third -
party intellectual property rights and patent litigation. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings, or our 
inability to successfully challenge or navigate th ird-party intellectual property rights, could delay or 
prevent the commercialisation of our products and adversely affect our business prospects, results of 
operations  and financial condition . 
 
As a part of our business strategy, we primarily deal in generic drugs. In the US market, we seek to launch 
generic pharmaceutical products either where patent protection or other regulatory exclusivity of equivalent 
branded products have expired, where pa tents have been declared invalid or where products do not infringe 
on the patents of others. However, at times, we may seek approval to market generic products before the 
expiration of patents relating to the branded versions of those products, based upon our belief that such 
patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable, or would not be infringed by our products. Our research and 
development strategy places emphasis on first -to-market and fast -to-market opportunities and the 
development of complex pharmac eutical products. Accordingly, the commercial returns from certain 
products may depend significantly upon the timing of their launch and the competitive landscape at the time 
of launch. An adverse patent determination or delay resulting from intellectual p roperty litigation may 
therefore result in us losing a significant part or all of the commercial opportunity associated with a product . 
We are currently involved in certain outstanding litigations primarily with respect to infringement of 
intellectual property rights. For further details, see “ Summary of Letter of Offer – Summary of outstanding 
litigation and defaults ” on page 44. Litigations involving intellectual property rights issues, particularly 
 
 
16 
 patents, regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, are costly and time consuming and we may incur 
significant costs and/or a significant reduction in revenue in defending the action and from the resulting 
delays in manufacturing, marketing or selling any of our products subject to such claims.  
There is a risk  that such legal proceedings may not  be decided in our favour. Furthermore, there is a risk  that 
we may be involved in material legal proceedings in the future, including civil, criminal, consumer, 
intellectual property and tax -related litigations. Litigations can divert significant management time and 
attention, and consume significant financial resources in their defence or prosecution. In addition, if any 
proceeding in which we may be involved in and is decided against us, or if penalties are assessed and/or 
sanctions imposed on us in the future, it may have a material adverse effect on our business  prospects,  
reputation and financial condition.  
 
4. We have limited control over the operations and businesses of local third -party entities appointed to 
import, register and distribute our products in the foreign markets.  
 
In many of the foreign markets in which we operate, we generally appoint a local third -party (ies) or 
entity (ies) to import, register and distribute our products. We have limited control over the operations and 
businesses of such entities. Generally, our marketing partnerships agreements provide that either party may 
terminate such arrangements by giving a written no tice. Additionally, some of these agreements may be 
terminated by the relevant counter party for other reasons, such as in the event certain milestones are not 
attained or the relevant counter party determines that the marketing of the product is no longer  economically 
viable.  
We also compete for partners with other leading pharmaceutical companies that may have more visibility, 
greater brand recognition and financial resources, and a broader product portfolio than we do. If our 
competitors provide greater incentives to our part ners, our partners may choose to promote the products of 
our competitors instead of our products and we may be unable to appoint another partner in such jurisdiction 
in a timely manner, or on commercially viable terms, or at all.  
Our reliance on, and inability to control, local sales, marketing and distribution agents, or the alteration or 
termination of our current ly existing  distribution and marketing agreements or our inability to enter into new 
marketing agreements, may result in loss of market opportunities, disruption to product sales and 
distribution, or increased costs associated with identifying and appointing alternative partners, which may 
adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition.  
5. Our business is subject to extensive regulation. Any failure to comply with regulations prescribed by 
governments and regulatory authorities could adversely affect our business  prospects , results of 
operations and financial condition.  
 
We operate in a highly regulated industry, and our operations are subject to extensive regulation in each 
market in which we do business. All aspects of our business, including research and development, 
manufacturing, and sales and marketing activities, ar e subject to extensive legislation and regulation by 
various local, regional, national and overseas regulatory regimes. Our business is also subject to the receipt 
of all required licenses, permits and authorizations, including local land use permits, manu facturing permits, 
building and zoning permits, and environmental, health and safety permits. We are also subject to laws and 
regulations governing employee relationships, including minimum wage, maximum working hours, 
overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination, contract labour and work permits. If we fail to comply 
with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including revocation or suspension of 
licenses and approvals, and criminal sanctions. Failure to obtain required l icences and approvals or to comply 
with applicable laws could also lead to imposition of sanctions by the relevant authorities, including 
penalties.  
Our business is substantially dependent on exports. Regulatory authorities in many of these markets in which 
we market and sell our products such as United States, European Union, Latin America must approve our 
products before we or our distribution agents  can market them, irrespective of whether these products are 
approved in India or other markets. The penalties for non -compliance with these regulations can be severe, 
including the revocation or suspension of our business licenses and approvals and imposi tion of fines and 
criminal sanctions in those jurisdictions.  
We also have ongoing obligations to regulatory authorities, including the CDSCO and the USFDA, both 
before and after a product's commercial release. Regulatory agencies may at any time reassess our 
 
 
17 
 manufacturing facilities or the efficacy of our products based on newly developed scientific knowledge or 
other factors and our products are subject to auditing processes by various regulators, including the USFDA. 
If such audits or other reassessments res ult in warnings or sanctions, the relevant regulator may amend or 
withdraw our existing approvals to manufacture and market our products in such relevant jurisdiction, which 
may adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition.  
Failure to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements could delay the submission or grant 
of approval for marketing new products. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the conditions attached to such 
approvals, licenses, registrations and pe rmissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, 
curtail or revoke our ability to market such products. Further, regulatory requirements are still evolving in 
many markets and are subject to change and as a result, may, at times, be uncle ar or inconsistent. 
Consequently, there is increased risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which 
could lead to enforced shutdowns, sanctions by the relevant authorities, and delays in obtaining regulatory 
approvals for our ne w products.  
6. We depend to a large extent on third -party suppliers and distributors for the raw materials and certain 
APIs to manufacture our products. A prolonged interruption in the supply of such products may have a 
material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  
 
The raw materials essential to our manufacturing business are purchased from domestic as well as 
international suppliers.  If we experience supply interruptions or delays, we may have to obtain substitute 
materials or products which may lead to significant delays in production and higher raw material costs. 
Generally, we do not execute agreements with any of the suppliers for  long-term supplies of raw materials. 
Therefore, we are exposed to the risk of inadequate supplies of raw materials and certain APIs, as well as 
price escalations. The availability and prices of raw materials and APIs required for our production of 
pharmac eutical products may be impacted by factors such as general market conditions, including increased 
demand for such materials and ingredients, weather conditions and the occurrence of natural disasters, many 
of which are outside of our control. Our supplier s may be unable to provide us with a sufficient quantity of 
our raw materials or APIs at a suitable price for us to meet the demand for our products. The available 
amounts of raw materials may not adjust in response to increasing demand of our customers. W e may also 
be unable to respond to increases in the prices for raw materials and APIs, and unable to pass on such price 
increases to our customers. Further, for certain raw materials, we rely on limited suppliers because of the 
nature of the supply and sca rce availability. In the event that any of our suppliers fail to continue to supply 
us with adequate quantities of raw materials and APIs at commercially reasonable prices or if we are not 
able to procure raw materials and APIs from other sources on commer cially -acceptable terms, our ability to 
fulfil existing business commitments and procure new business may be adversely affected.  
 
In addition, we use third party transportation providers for the supply of most of our raw materials and 
delivery of our products to domestic and overseas customers and distributors. Factors such as increased 
transportation costs and transportation strikes  may adversely impact the supply of raw materials that we 
require and the delivery of our products. In addition, raw materials and products may be lost, delayed or 
damaged in transit for various reasons including accidents and natural disasters.  
 
Further, the ongoing geopolitical tensions, such as the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, the ongoing 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine and trade tension between the United States and China, could 
potentially impact freight costs, raw material and sol vent costs, and delivery timelines. The geopolitical 
environment remains a variable that requires careful monitoring, as it has the potential to significantly affect 
our operating costs and supply chain efficacy. There is a risk  that we may not  be able to continue to obtain 
these raw materials in the future, at current levels. In the event of any disruption to our supply of the raw 
materials and APIs necessary for the production of our pharmaceutical products at commercially acceptable 
prices, w e may be forced to reduce, suspend or cease production or sale of certain of our pharmaceutical 
products, and our sales volumes for the relevant product may be adversely affected.  
 
7. In the United States and many of the international markets in which we sell our products, the approval 
process for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. If we fail to obtain such approvals in a 
timely and cost -efficient manner, or at all, ou r business, prospects, results of operations and financial 
condition could be adversely affected.  
 
In the United States and many of the international markets in which we sell our products, the approval 
process for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain approvals varies 
 
 
18 
 by country but generally takes between six months and several years from the date of application. If we fail 
to obtain such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely and cost -efficient manner or at 
all, our business, prospects, result s of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.  
 
In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay 
in the submission or grant of approval for marketing new products. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the 
conditions attached to such approvals,  licenses, registrations and permissions once received, the relevant 
regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products. We may also be required 
to defend our applications in a legal proceeding or otherwise, which may lead t o an increase in time or costs 
for obtaining such approvals.  
 
We also export pharmaceutical products from India, exporting API and formulation products to several 
countries, including some where we have limited experience and are subject to risks related to complying 
with a wide variety of local laws, including restr ictions on the import and export of certain intermediates, 
drugs, technologies and multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures. If we fail to comply with such 
regulations, it could lead to restrictions on sale of products, enforced shutdowns and other  sanctions imposed 
by relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new 
products.  
 
8. Our business is dependent on our manufacturing facilities, and any delay in production at, or the loss or 
shutdown of operations at any of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operation s. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, our Company operates nine manufacturing facilities located across the states of 
Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Telangana and Uttarakhand. The success of our manufacturing 
activities depends on, among other things, the continued functioning of our manufacturing processes and 
machinery, the productivity of our workforce and compliance with regulatory requirements.  
 
Any interruption at our manufacturing facilities, including natural or man -made disasters, workforce 
disruptions, regulatory approval delays, fire or the failure of machinery, may delay production or require us 
to shut down the affected manufacturing facility. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be 
manufactured at only such facility which has received specific approvals, and any shut down of such facility 
will result in  us being unable to manufacture such product for the duration of such shut down.  The shutdown 
of any of our facilities could result in us being unable to meet with our contractual commitments, which will 
have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, we operate 
in a highly regulated industry and may also be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to delays in receipt 
or renewal of regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to limit or cease 
production until the required approvals are received or renewed, as the case may be, or disputes concerning 
these approvals are resolved. Our manufacturing facilities are also subject to operating risk arising from 
compliance with the directives of relevant government authorities, and any non -compliance may lead to a 
loss of licenses, certifications and permits. While we maintain industrial all risk insurance to mitigate such 
risks, our business  prospects , financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely 
affected by any prolonged disruption or shutdown of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including 
due to any of the factors mentioned above.  
 
9. Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing, 
reimbursement and related matters could adversely affect the marketing, pricing and demand for our 
products.  
 
Our success will depend in part on the extent to which government and health administration authorities, 
private health insurers and other third -party payers will pay for our products. In many countries, including 
India, pharmaceutical prices and margins o ffered to trade are subject to regulation. Price controls operate 
differently in different countries and can cause wide variations in prices between markets. Currency 
fluctuations can aggravate these differences. The existence of price controls can limit t he revenues we earn 
from our products. For example, in India, prices of certain pharmaceutical products are determined by the 
Drug Prices Control Order, 2013 (“ DPCO ”), promulgated by the Government of India and administered by 
the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (“ NPPA ”). If a given pharmaceutical product falls within the 
DPCO, the product’s price could be significantly lower than what its market price would be without such 
price restriction. Any changes to these prices stipulated by the DPCO, NPPA or other similar auth orities, or 
the inclusion of other of our pharmaceutical products not currently within the DPCO, may have an adverse 
 
 
19 
 effect on our profitability. Any unforeseen changes in the regulatory environment in relation to prices of our 
products, or our inability to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may adversely affect our 
business, results of operations and cash flows.  
 
An Indian API industry faces stiff competition from imported API, mainly coming from low -cost 
destinations like China. It is estimated that more than 70 -75% of the API requirements of Indian 
pharmaceutical industry is met by imports. Domestic manufacturers have  been struggling to match up to the 
competition posed by imports. However, the recent initiatives by the Indian Government to reduce the over 
reliance on imports is slowly improving this situation. The Government have announced & implemented 
several polici es in the past few years to improve the domestic API manufacturing scenario. Although the full 
impact is yet to be felt, these initiatives are improving the operating environment and eventually is expected 
to develop the domestic API production landscape. However, till that happens, imports would play a key 
role and they would continue to pose strong threats to domestic industry.  
 
10. We propose to utilise a portion of the Issue Proceeds to undertake inorganic growth and acquisitions for 
which the target may not be identified. Any risk in completing such transaction may adversely affect our 
competitiveness and growth projects . 
 
We intend to utilize a portion of our Issue  Proceeds towards funding inorganic growth through unidentified 
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, as set forth in “Objects of the Issue  – Funding inorganic growth 
through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes – Funding 
inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions  and other strategic initiatives ” on page 60. We will 
evaluate inorganic growth opportunities, keeping in line with our strategy to grow and develop our market 
share or to add new product and service offerings. We may consider opportunities for inorganic growth, such 
as through mergers and acquisition s, to acquire new centres, expanding into new geographies, consolidate 
our market position in our existing lines of business, add new product and service offerings, achieve 
operating leverage in key markets by unlocking potential efficiency and synergy ben efits, and enhance our 
depth of experience, knowledge -base and know -how.  This amount of Issue  Proceeds proposed to be utilised 
for the aforesaid Objects is based on our management’s estimates and may not be the total value or cost of 
any such acquisitions, or investments. The actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, 
including  the timing, nature, size and number of acquisitions to be undertaken, applicable regulatory 
restrictions as well as general factors affecting our results of operation, financial condition and access to 
capital. These factors will also determine the form o f investment for these potential acquisitions, i.e., whether 
these will be in the nature of asset or strategic  acquisitions or joint ventures.  
 
As on the date of this Letter of Offer , we have not identified any potential target for an investment or 
acquisition or entered into any definitive agreements towards any future acquisitions or strategic initiatives.  
It is also possible that we may not be able to identify suitable targets, or that if we do identify suitable targets, 
we may not be able to complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all and/or 
be able to complete all aspects of the acquisition process and/or receive relevant regulatory clearances (as 
applicable) in a timely manner or at all. The inability to identify suitable targets or investments and the 
inability to complete such transactions may adversely affect our compet itiveness and growth prospects.  
 
11. If we fail to obtain exclusive marketing rights under Paragraph IV ANDA filings for our generic products 
or fail to introduce these generic products on a timely basis, it may adversely affect our business, prospects 
and financial condition.   
 
We have a substantial presence in the United States market with 45+ approved ANDA applications  and 25+ 
products in our pipeline. We have made 28 Paragraph IV filings, of which 17 have received tentative or final 
approval . The Hatch -Waxman amendments to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the “ FDCA ”) 
provide for a period of 180 days of generic marketing exclusivity for any applicant that is first to file an 
ANDA containing a certification of invalidity, non -infringement or unenforceability related to a patent listed 
with respect to the corresponding  branded drug (commonly referred to as a “ Paragraph IV certification ”). 
A Paragraph IV filing is made when an ANDA applicant believes its product or the use of its product does 
not infringe on the innovator’s patents or where the applicant believes that such patents are not valid or 
enforceable. If successful, Paragraph IV  filings enable the filer to launch the product in the United States 
prior to the expiry of the patent. “First filers” are often able to price the applicable generic drug to yield 
relatively high gross margins during this 180 -day marketing exclusivity peri od. We have made several 
ANDA filings for Paragraph IV certification which are under review with USFDA. We intend to leverage 
 
 
20 
 this exclusivity period from sales of generic drugs to generate higher revenues, as well as from sales of other 
generic products for which there is otherwise limited competition.  
These products are often difficult and expensive to manufacture. Further, ANDAs that contain Paragraph IV 
certifications generally become the subject of patent litigation that can be both lengthy and costly. There is 
no certainty that we will prevail in an y such litigation, that we will be the first to file and granted the 180 -
day marketing exclusivity period, or, if we are granted the 180 -day marketing exclusivity period, that we 
will not forfeit such period. Even where we are awarded marketing exclusivity , we may be required to share 
our exclusivity period with other first filers. Furthermore, timely commencement of the litigation by the 
patent owner imposes a stay of ANDA approval by the USFDA for certain period, unless the case is decided 
in the ANDA app licant’s favour during that period. Finally, if the court decision is adverse to the ANDA 
applicant, the ANDA approval may be delayed until the challenged patent expires, and the applicant forfeits 
the 180 -day marketing exclusivity.  
 
12. If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if the scope of our intellectual property 
fails to sufficiently protect our proprietary rights, it may have a material adverse impact on our business 
prospects and financial condition . 
 
Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our existing intellectual property and to 
obtain other intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patents, non -disclosure agreements 
and non -competition agreements to protect o ur proprietary intellectual property. If we do not adequately 
protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to imitate our products, use our technologies and 
erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and ability to 
achieve profitability. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any of our pending patent applications will 
mature into issued patents, or that such patents, if issued, will provide us with adequate proprietary protection 
or competitive advant ages.  
Further, we have obtained trademark registration of the name of our Company ‘NATCO’ under class 5 of 
the Trade Marks Act, 1999, as well as the trademark registration for our logo under classes 5 and 30 of the 
Trade Marks Act, 1999, with the Registrar. We h ave also applied for certain registrations in connection with 
the protection of trademarks of our products. Further, certain of our trademarks, including those for products 
which we currently sell, could be unregistered, expired, removed, opposed, withdraw n, refused, objected or 
are otherwise under dispute. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our 
competitive business position.  
Further, certain trademarks for our products are registered in name of our Promoters. These trademarks are 
licensed by our Promoters to our Company. If our Promoters choose to terminate the licensing arrangements 
with our Company for usage of their registe red trademarks, we may not be able to continue to market our 
products under same brand name, which could adversely affect our competitive business position. While we 
are currently under the process of transfer of ownership of such trademarks from our Promo ters to our 
Company, until such time that the transfer of ownership is complete, we may be unable to seek remedies for 
infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities.  
While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, there is a risk that our patents, 
trade secrets or other agreements may not be able to  adequately protect our intellectual property. Our patent 
rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are 
functionally equivalent or similar to our products. Detecting and policing unauthorized use of prop rietary 
technology are difficult and expensive. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce or defend patents issued 
to us or determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. An 
adverse determination in any such litigation could materially impair our intellectual property rights.  
 
Further, our patent applications may fail to result in patents being issued, and our existing and future patents 
may be insufficient to provide us with meaningful protection or a commercial advantage. There is a risk  that 
patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged or circumvented by 
competitors or that such patents may not  be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our processes 
or to provide us with any competitive advantage. We may be required to negotiate licenses for patents from 
third parties to conduct our business, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all.  
 
We also rely on non -disclosure agreements and non -competition agreements with certain employees, 
consultants and other parties to protect trade secrets and other proprietary rights that belong to us. There is a 
 
 
21 
 risk that these agreements may be breached, that we may not  have adequate remedies for any breach or that 
third parties may otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. If our intellectual 
property rights are inadequate, or we otherwise fail to sufficiently protect our intellectual property, our 
business  prospects and financial condition may be adversely affected.  
 
13. We may be subject to claims of infringement of third -party intellectual property rights, which could  
adversely affect our business and reputation.  
 
We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation, including both litigation by innovator 
companies relating to purported infringement of innovative products and processes by generic 
pharmaceuticals and litigation by competitors or inn ovator companies to delay the entry of a product into 
the market. Patent litigation can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could 
prevent the manufacture and sale of certain products or require us to pay significant royalties i n order to 
manufacture or sell such products. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation, we 
believe any adverse result of such litigation could include an injunction preventing us from selling our 
products or payment of significa nt damages or royalty, which would affect our ability to sell current or future 
products or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others.  
 
While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of third parties, any claims 
of intellectual property infringement from third parties, regardless of merit or resolution of such claims, may 
force us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and resolving such claims, and may divert the 
efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel away from our business. The risk of being 
subject to intellectual property infrin gement claims will increase as we continue to expand our operations 
and product offerings. For example, Hoffman -La-Roche Limited has filed a suit against us before the High 
Court of Judicature at Delhi for alleged infringement of its patented drug Risdiplam . As a result of such 
claims, we may be required to pay third party infringement claims, alter our technologies, obtain licenses or 
cease some portions of our operations. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in unexpected 
expenses. In addition, if we alter our technologies or cease production of affected items, our revenue may be 
adversely affected.  
 
14. We expend a significant amount of resources on research and development, and if our research and 
development efforts do not succeed, or do not lead to successful product introductions, it could adversely 
affect our business, prospects and results of operat ions.  
 
In order to remain competitive, we must develop, test and manufacture new products, which must meet 
regulatory standards and receive requisite regulatory approvals. To accomplish this, we commit substantial 
effort, funds and other resources towards researc h and development. We spent approximately ₹ 4,086  million 
on research and development during Fiscal  2026 , representing 11.37% of our standalone revenue and 10.02% 
of our consolidated revenue for such Fiscal . 
 
Typically, research expenses related to the development of innovative compounds and the filing of regulatory 
applications for new chemical entity products are significantly greater and time consuming than those 
expenses associated with regulatory applicati ons for generic drugs. Much of our development effort is 
focused on complex, niche and difficult -to-formulate products and/or products that require advanced 
manufacturing technology. We expend resources on research and development primarily to enable us to  
manufacture and market regulatory approved pharmaceuticals in accordance with applicable regulations.  
 
Our ongoing investments in new product launches and research and development for future products could 
result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, our 
inability to obtain necessary regulatory appr ovals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at 
any stage and therefore not reach the market could adversely affect our goodwill and affect our operating 
results. We may or may not be able to take our research and development innovations  through the different 
testing stages without repeating our research and development efforts or incurring additional amounts 
towards such research. Additionally, our competitors may commercialize similar products before us. To the 
extent that we expend sig nificant resources on research and development efforts and are not ultimately able 
to introduce successful new products as a result of those efforts, our business, reputation and results of 
operations may be materially adversely affected.  We also propose to utilise up to ₹ 1,100 million out of the 
Net Proceeds from the Issue towards funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and development 
initiatives of our Company , including towards funding costs of employees in our  R&D team. For details, see 
 
 
22 
 “Objects of the Issue – Funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and development initiatives 
of our Company, including funding costs of  employees in our research and development team ” on page 57. 
 
15. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an 
adverse effect on our business  prospects  and financial condition.  
 
Our business depends on our estimate of the long -term demand for our products from our customers. If we 
underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our 
products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of 
business. While we forecast the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any 
error in our forecast may result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Also, each of 
our products has a shelf life of a specified number of years and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses 
or if consumed after expiry, may lead to health hazards. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our 
products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business  prospects  and financial 
condition.  
 
16. Our international operations expose us to increased regulatory oversight and regulatory, economic, social 
and political uncertainties, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial position 
and results of operations.  
 
We have a global presence and sell our products in the United States, Canada, Europe and emerging markets, 
including countries in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. As a result, our business is subject to risks 
and challenges associated with intern ational expansion, operations and investments, including risks related 
to complying with several local laws, restrictions on the import and export of certain intermediates, drugs, 
technologies, multiple tax and cost structures, cultural and language factor s. Further, regulatory requirements 
are still evolving in many markets and are subject to change and as a result may, at times, be unclear or 
inconsistent.  
 
There are a number of risks in doing business abroad, including political and economic uncertainty, social 
unrest, sudden changes in laws and regulations, changes in trade relationships between countries and 
shortages of trained professionals. These risks may impact our ability to expand our operations in different 
regions and otherwise achieve our objectives relating to our foreign operations, including utilizing these 
locations as suppliers to other markets. Certain jurisdictions have, from time to time, experienced instances 
of civil unrest and hostilities, both internally and with neighbouring countries. Rioting, military activity, 
terrorist attacks, or armed hostilities could cause our operations there to be adversely affected or suspended.  
In addition, compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, import and 
export limitations and exchange controls is expensive. Our foreign operations also subject us to the risks of 
international terrorism and hostilities  and to foreign currency risks, including exchange rate fluctuations and 
limits on the repatriation of funds.  
 
Additionally, the accounting standards, tax laws and other fiscal regulations in the jurisdictions we operate 
in are subject to differing interpretations. Differing interpretations of tax and other fiscal laws and regulations 
may exist within various gover nmental ministries, including tax administrations and appellate authorities, 
thus creating uncertainty and potential unexpected results as well as a risk of non -compliance with such 
standards. The degree of uncertainty in tax laws and regulations, combined  with significant penalties for 
default and a risk of aggressive action by various government or tax authorities, may result in our tax risks 
being significantly higher than expected.  
 
We may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations 
in such countries or with international operations generally. We may also face difficulties in integrating new 
facilities in different countries into ou r existing operations and create unforeseen operating difficulties. If we 
do not effectively manage our international operations, it may affect our profitability from such countries, 
which may adversely affect our business  prospects  and financial condition.  
 
17. The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may limit 
our growth and materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.  
 
The pharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive market with several major pharmaceutical companies 
present, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. The principal competitive 
factors in the pharmaceutical market includ e: 
 
 
23 
 • introduction of other generic drug manufacturers’ products in direct competition with our products;  
• introduction of authorized generic products in direct competition with our products, particularly 
during exclusivity periods;  
• ability of generic competitors to quickly enter the market after the expiration of patents or exclusivity 
periods, diminishing the amount and duration of significant profits;  
• the willingness of generic drug customers, including wholesale and retail customers, to switch among 
products of different pharmaceutical manufacturers;  
• pricing pressures by competitors and customers;  
• a company’s reputation as a manufacturer and distributor of quality products;  
• a company’s level of service (including maintaining sufficient inventory levels for timely deliveries);  
• product appearance and labelling; and  
• a company’s breadth of product offerings.  
 
Many of our competitors may have longer operating histories and greater financial, research and 
development, marketing and other resources than we do, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, 
greater geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. Consequently, many of our 
competitors may be able to develop products and processes that are more effective, popular or cheaper than 
ours, which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our growth, business and finan cial 
condition.  
We also face price competition generally as other generic manufacturers enter the market. Any such price 
competition may be especially pronounced where our competitors source their products from jurisdictions 
where production costs may be lower (sometimes significantly) than our production costs, especially lower -
cost foreign jurisdictions. Further, some of our competitors, which include major multinational corporations, 
are consolidating and integrating, and the strength of combined companies could affect our competitive 
position in all of our business areas. Consolidated corporations may have greater financial, manufacturing, 
research and development, marketing and other resources, broader product ranges and larger, stronger sales 
forces, which may make th em more competitive than us. Any of these factors, in turn, may result in 
reductions in our sales prices and gross margin. This price competition has led to an increase in customer 
demands for downward price adjustments by generic pharmaceutical distributors.  
Further, revenues and gross margins derived from generic pharmaceutical products often follow a pattern 
based on regulatory and competitive factors that we believe are unique to the generic pharmaceutical 
industry. Typically, in jurisdictions like the USA,  as the patent(s) for a brand /innovator  name product or the 
statutory marketing exclusivity period expires, the first generic manufacturer to receive regulatory approval 
for a generic equivalent often captures a substantial share of the market. However, as other generic 
manufacturers receive re gulatory approvals for their own generic versions, that market share, and the price 
of that product, typically declines depending on several factors, including the number of competitors, the 
price of the branded product and the pricing strategy of the new competitors. We cannot assure that we will 
be able to continue to develop such products or that the number of competitors will not increase to such an 
extent that we may stop marketing a product for which we previously obtained approval, which may have a 
material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition.  
 
18. We rely on third party clinical research organizations. Any failure to comply with applicable regulations 
and guidelines and delay in conducting clinical trials may adversely affect our business operations.  
 
We depend on independent clinical investigators, clinical research organisations and other third -party service 
providers to conduct clinical trials and pre -clinical investigations of our new products on our behalf and may 
continue to engage such organizati ons in the future. We also collaborate with other parties having technical 
and business capabilities to conduct early -stage testing of products we intend to develop. We rely on such 
parties for successful execution of our clinical trials, but we do not con trol many aspects of their activities. 
We may face risks regarding the reliability of third -party organizations to deliver critical services, tests, and 
biological supplies. If these providers fail to meet our strict quality standards or contractual agreements, it 
could severely delay our produ ct and process development timelines.  
 
In some cases, there may be only one or a few providers of such services, including clinical data management 
services. Our reliance on these third parties and collaborators reduces our control over these activities but 
does not relieve us of our regulatory  responsibilities, including ensuring that our clinical trials are conducted 
in accordance with current good clinical practices regulations and the investigational plan and protocols 
 
 
24 
 contained in regulatory agency applications. In addition, these third parties may not complete activities on 
schedule. If these third parties or collaborators do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet 
expected deadlines, obtaining regu latory approval for manufacturing and commercialization of our product 
candidates may be delayed or prevented or an enforcement action may be brought against us.  
 
Further, we also rely substantially on the performance and availability of third -party data managers for our 
clinical trial data.  We may face operational risks from third -party vendors regarding potential deficiencies 
in data design, management, and system retention. Additionally, if these third parties fail to satisfy regulatory 
audit requirements, it could severely delay or prevent  our product approvals . 
 
19. We have recently diversified into the agriculture business through our crop health sciences division. We 
have limited experience in the agr o-chemicals sector, and our ability to establish and grow this business 
is subject to significant risks, including regulatory, competitive, distribution and climate -related 
challenges.  
 
Through our crop health sciences division (“ CHS Division ”), we have recently diversified into the 
agriculture business, specifically the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of bioproducts, pesticides 
and insecticides. Our ability to grow the CHS Division will depend on numerous factors, including our abil ity 
to identify demand patterns in the agricultural sector, develop commercially viable products, compete 
effectively with established players, exercise effective quality control, hire and train qualified personnel, and 
implement appropriate operational an d financial controls. In addition, changes in climate patterns may alter 
cropping patterns adopted by the farming community, shift pest profiles and affect the timing and intensity 
of seasonal demand for our products. If we are unable to introduce new prod ucts suited to such changed 
patterns in a timely manner, it may affect sales of our existing products.  
 
The agrochemical industry relies heavily on extensive, multi -layered distribution networks to ensure 
effective market penetration. Our ability to grow our product reach depends significantly on our ability to 
establish, maintain and effectively manage a ro bust distribution network by appointing new distributors and 
building relationships with channel partners across key agricultural regions. We may face risks regarding 
our ability to build  and manage  the distribution network  and secure favo urable terms with new distributors.  
If competitors offer more attractive commercial incentives , our distributors may refuse to carry our products  
or choose to terminate their existing arrangements with us.  
 
The agr o-chemicals sector is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory frameworks in India and 
internationally, governing product registrations, approvals, manufacturing standards, environmental 
standards, labelling requirements, packaging, storage, transportat ion and the handling and disposal of 
hazardous substances. To manufacture, distribute and sell our agrochemical products, we are required to 
obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, licences and approvals, including registrations 
from the Central Insecticides Board and Registration Committee (“ CIB&RC ”). Any failure to obtain or 
renew required registrations, permits or approvals in a timely manner may delay or prevent the 
commercialisation of our products, restrict our operations or require us to incur significant costs to achieve 
compliance, any of which may adversely affect our business  prospects , results of operations and financial 
condition  of the division . Moreover, regulatory authorities may impose more stringent requirements for 
product approvals, environmental standards, maximum residue levels or labelling and packaging standards, 
or may ban or restrict the use of certain active ingredients or formulati ons that we use in our products.  
 
The agr o-chemicals sector in India is characterised by intense competition from both domestic and 
multinational companies, many of which have significantly greater financial, technical and managerial 
resources, greater access to raw materials and customers, better  know -how and superior manufacturing 
facilities than we possess. As a new entrant, we lack the brand recognition, established customer relationships 
and market penetration that many of our competitors enjoy. Our competitors may be able to respond more 
quickly to changing market demands, devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of 
their products, and adopt more aggressive pricing strategies. Pricing pressure from competitors, including 
from the unorganised sector, may require us to red uce our prices in order to maintain or grow our market 
share, and any inability to offset such pressures through improved operating efficiencies, reduced input costs 
or product differentiation may compress our margins and affect our profitability , business prospects and 
financial condition of the division . 
 
In addition, while we take care to ensure that our products and processes comply with the intellectual 
property rights of third parties, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing upon any 
 
 
25 
 existing third -party intellectual property rights, including patents, proprietary formulations, trade secrets or 
technical works. Third parties may assert claims that our products, processes or technologies infringe their 
patent rights or other intellectua l property. Any such claims, regardless of their merit, may be time -
consuming and expensive to defend, may divert the attention and resources of our management and technical 
personnel, and may subject us to significant liabilities for damages.  
 
Our limited experience in this sector may make it difficult for investors to evaluate our future prospects in 
this segment based on our historical performance as a pharmaceutical company. Any failure to effectively 
manage the risks and challenges associate d with this new business may have an adverse effect on our 
business  prospects , results of operations  and financial condition.  
 
20. We have undertaken and may continue to undertake acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary 
businesses or products, or seek to engage in strategic transactions , which may be on terms that may not 
turn out to be commercially advantageous, may require additional debt or equity financing, and may 
involve additional risks.  
 
In addition to growth through our internal efforts, we regularly review the potential acquisition of 
technologies, products, product rights and complementary businesses and intend to continue to evaluate 
potential product s and company acquisitions and other business development opportunities to increase our 
geographic presence and product portfolio. For instance, our Company acquired a 34.88% stake in  Adcock 
Ingram Holdings Proprietary Limited in South Afric a in calendar year 2025 and an additional 13.25% stake 
in calendar year 2026 , taking our aggregate stake in Adcock Ingram Holdings Proprietary Limited  to 49%. 
These strategic acquisitions may require that our management develop expertise in new areas, integrate the 
operations, technologies, research and development activities, personnel, operational culture and marketing 
and distribution initiatives, manage new business relationships and attract new types of customers. However, 
we cannot assure that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, strategic transaction or investment 
opportunities. Even if we identify suitable opportunities, we cannot assure that  we will be able to reach an 
agreement with the other party or parties, that the terms will be commercially advantageous to us, that we 
will be able to successfully consummate such transactions even after definitive documents have been signed, 
or that we w ill be able to successfully obtain relevant governmental or third -party  consent to consummate 
these transactions.  
 
We may also experience difficulties in integrating acquisitions into our existing business and operations. Our 
failure to derive anticipated synergies could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Future acquisitions may also ex pose us to potential risks, including risks associated with the integration of 
new operations, services and personnel, unforeseen or hidden liabilities, unanticipated capital requirements, 
the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technol ogies, ineffectiveness or incompatibility 
of acquired technologies and manufacturing practices, our inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset 
the costs of acquisitions, currency risks, economic, political and regulatory risks associated with speci fic 
countries and potential loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees, suppliers or customers, and inability 
to maintain our standards, controls, procedures and policies, which could affect our ability to assess the 
effectiveness of our internal co ntrol structure and procedures for financial reporting and increased fixed 
costs, any of which could significantly disrupt our ability to manage our business and adversely affect our 
financial condition and results of operations.  
 
21. Our business depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified scientists, technical personnel, 
regulatory professionals, and other skilled employees. Our inability to retain key personnel or recruit 
suitably qualified employees may adversely  affect our research and development activities, regulatory 
approvals, manufacturing operations and growth.  
 
The pharmaceutical industry is knowledge -intensive, and our operations require personnel with specialised 
expertise across areas including pharmaceutical research and development, formulation development, API 
development, intellectual property, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, manufacturing, engineering , 
domestic  and international commercial operations.  
 
Our ability to successfully identify and develop complex pharmaceutical products, obtain regulatory 
approvals, operate our manufacturing facilities in compliance with applicable standards and commercialise 
our products depends significantly upon the experi ence and technical expertise of our employees. 
Competition for suitably qualified pharmaceutical, scientific, regulatory and technical personnel may be 
 
 
26 
 significant, particularly for personnel possessing specialised expertise in complex generics, intellectual 
property, regulatory filings and manufacturing processes.  
 
The loss of members of our senior management or employees possessing specialised technical, scientific, 
regulatory or commercial knowledge may result in the loss of institutional knowledge and may disrupt our 
operations. Replacement of such personnel may require considerable time and expense and suitable 
replacements may not be immediately available. This risk may be particularly relevant to our  research and 
development activities, given that our business strategy includes the identification and development of 
complex, niche and high -value products. Delays or disruptions in our research and development programmes 
as a result of employee attrition  or shortages of appropriately skilled personnel may delay regulatory filings 
and product launches and reduce the commercial opportunity available in respect of such products.  
 
Further, as our business expands into additional products and geographies, our requirements for 
appropriately qualified managerial, technical and commercial personnel may increase. Our inability to 
expand our workforce and management capabilities in line w ith the growth and increasing complexity of our 
operations may constrain our ability to execute our business strategy. Accordingly, our inability to attract, 
develop and retain qualified personnel, or the loss of key members of our management or technical teams, 
may adversely affect our research and development activities, manufacturing operations, regulatory 
compliance, growth prospects, business and results of operations.  
 
22. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition as our 
export sales and sales outside India and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign 
currencies.  
 
Our financial statements are prepared in Indian rupees. However, our net revenues from operations for our 
international operations and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, including 
the United States dollar, the Euro , the Rands  and the Canadian dollar. While, as a result of portions of both 
our expenditures and net revenues from operations being denominated in foreign currencies, we have a 
natural hedge against exchange rate risks, the balance of our expenses and revenues is sti ll affected by 
fluctuations in exchange rates among the United States dollar, Euro, the Canadian dollar and Indian rupee. 
Exchange rate fluctuations could affect the amount of income and expenditure we recognize and the value 
of our investments in our subs idiaries and joint ventures. In addition, the policies of the Reserve Bank of 
India may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign 
currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operatio ns. 
 
Further, our future capital expenditures, including any imported equipment and machinery, may be 
denominated in foreign currencies. Consequently, a decline in the value of the Indian Rupee against such 
other currencies could increase the Indian Rupee cost of servicing our debt or making such capital 
expenditures. The exchange rates between the Indian rupee, the United States dollar and the Euro have varied 
substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future.  
 
23. Any non -compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other 
applicable regulations, could result in regulatory action, suspension of operations, significant liabilities 
and reputational harm.  
 
We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental 
protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, 
storage handling, employee exposure to haz ardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing 
operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such 
products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and hea lth. We handle 
and use hazardous materials in our research and development and manufacturing activities and the improper 
handling or storage of these materials, chemicals or boiler plants may result in accidents, injure our 
personnel, property and damage the environment. We try to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, 
conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other safety measures. However, we cannot assure 
you that we will not experience accidents in the future. Any accident at our facilities may result in personal 
injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the 
suspension of operations.  
 
Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our 
manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in 
 
 
27 
 nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be 
liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing may subject us to litigation, which may 
lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and may also adversely affect our reputation. 
Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our 
manufacturing plants, which in turn may lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling 
our obligations to customers.  
 
We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage 
and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract 
labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such 
laws and regulations. We may face risks related to our ability to maintain strict compliance with all applicable 
environmental, health, safety, and labour laws, regulations, or permit terms and such non -compliance may 
present a risk of production curtailments or a material incr ease in our costs of production . 
 
24. We are required to obtain, renew and maintain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals 
for our business operations from time to time. Any failure or delay to obtain or renew them in a timely 
manner may adversely affect our operations.  
 
We require certain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to carry out our business 
operations and certain of these licenses are subject to periodic renewal wherein applications for their renewal 
need to be made within certain timeframes.  While we apply for these approvals and permits on a periodic 
basis in the ordinary  course of our operations, however, there is a risk that we may experience delays in 
receiv ing such renewals or approvals, which may disrupt our business operations.  
 
25. Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics and pandemics as well as hostilities, terrorist 
attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence may adversely affect our business prospects and financial 
condition.  
 
Natural calamities , such as earthquakes and floods,  in the countries where we operate, may have an adverse 
impact on the economy which, in turn, may adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. 
Further, any outbreak of health epidemics may restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which 
may adversely affect our business.  
 
Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained 
periods. They may also make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations. Damage 
or destruction that interrupts our provi sion of services may adversely affect our reputation, our relationships 
with customers, and our senior management’s ability to administer and supervise our business, or may cause 
us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged e quipment or rebuild parts of our 
facilities. Further, our business continuity and disaster -recovery plans, backup systems and cyber -resilience 
measures may prove insufficient to prevent disruptions to our digital platforms and operations or counter 
cyber -attacks, supply -chain failures, prolonged power or telecom outages, or other force -majeure events. For 
instance, operations at our manufacturing facility located at Manali Industrial Area, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
were temporarily disrupted due to a cyclone whic h resulted in flooding of our factory premises in 2023. We 
cannot assure you that any of the above factors may not adversely affect our business  prospects , results of 
operations and financial condition.  
 
India has from time -to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between 
neighbouring countries. If mass protests lead to civil unrest, such incidents may impact both our operations 
and adversely affect our business p rospects and financial condition. Such political tensions could also create 
a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this 
nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other count ries in Asia and the Middle East, may 
influence the Indian economy and may have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian 
companies.  
 
26. We depend upon our Key Managerial Personnel  and members of Senior Management , the loss of whom 
could adversely affect our operations. If we fail to attract and retain the talent required for our business, 
our business could be materially harmed.  
 
 
 
28 
 We depend significantly on our Key Managerial Personnel and members of Senior Management, including 
our research and development team. The loss of services from any of these individuals may significantly 
delay or prevent the achievement of our product development or business objectives. Key employees may 
terminate employment at any t ime without notice or with short notice, and without cause or good reason, 
and we may have little or no legal recourse to retain them. Our success depends upon our ability to attract 
and retain highly qualified personnel. The loss of senior management coul d seriously impair our ability to 
continue to manage and expand our business. Our executives and researchers possess technical and business 
capabilities that may not be easily replaceable. Competition among pharmaceutical companies for qualified 
employees is intense, and our ability to attract and retain qualified individuals is critical to our success. We 
may not be able to attract and retain these individuals on acceptable terms, or at all, which could significantly 
impair our ability to compete. If we lo se the services of any of our key personnel, we may be unable to 
replace them in a timely manner, which may affect our ability to manage and expand our business.  
 
27. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely 
affect our business.  
 
We depend upon information technology systems, including internet -based systems, for our business 
operations. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to 
breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Our information technology systems are subject to 
inherent risks, including system failures, disruptions, cyber -attacks, security breaches, unauthorized access, 
data loss and other technological or operational risks. Any such disruption or failure of our i nformation 
technology systems could adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. While we 
have implemented measures to manage and mitigate such risks, there can be no assurance that these measures 
will be effective in preventing or mitigating the impact of such events.  
 
In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others 
that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of 
trade secrets or other intellectual property or could lead to the public exposure of personal information 
(including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security 
breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operati ons, cash flows and 
financial condition.  
 
28. We have incurred indebtedness, and any inability to comply with repayment obligations or financial and 
other covenants under our financing agreements, or increase in borrowing costs, could adversely affect 
our business, results of operations, cash flows an d financial condition.  
 
As at August 31 , 2026, we had aggregate loans, both secured and unsecured, short term and long term, 
including current maturities of long term borrowings, aggregating to ₹ 9,543  million on a consolidated basis. 
Most of our financing arrangements are secured by our movable and immovable assets.  
Our financing agreements contain certain customary conditions and covenants, including restrictions or 
requirements relating to, among other matters, changes in the capital structure and shareholding pattern of 
our Company including change in shareholding of the Promoters, formulating any scheme of amalgamation 
or reconstruction; undertaking any new project, implementation of any scheme of expansion or acquisition 
of capital assets; creation of security interests, amendments to constitutional documents, dec laring dividend 
except out of profits of that year, change in the management set -up; undertaking any guarantee obligations 
on behalf of any third party, and investments by way of share capital in or lending to any other concern. Our 
Company has obtained necessary consent from its lenders, as is respectively required under the relevant 
facility documentation for undertaking activities in relation to this Issue and for the deployment of the Net 
Proceeds towards the Objects.  
Further, our consortium working capital facility availed from various banks and led by Indian Bank provides 
a right to the consortium banks to utilize proceeds from any fresh issuance of Equity Shares towards 
repayment of the working capital facility avail ed. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding 
to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. A breach 
of any of these covenants, or a failure to pay interest or indebtedness when due under any of our credit 
facilities, may result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the acceleration of our indebtedness, 
and may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.  
 
 
29 
 Our financing agreements also generally contain certain financial covenants including the requirement to 
maintain, among others, specified debt -to-equity ratios. These covenants vary depending on the requirements 
of the financial institution extending the loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing document. 
Such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to 
time. We may be unable to meet ou r future financial  covenants and may not  be able to secure waivers for 
any such failure  in a timely manner or at all.  
Any failure to comply with the terms of our financing arrangements, including repayment obligations or 
applicable covenants, could result in consequences under the relevant financing documents, including 
payment of additional interest, acceleration of amou nts due or enforcement of security, subject to the terms 
of the relevant arrangements. Such events could adversely affect our liquidity, business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
 
Further, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising 
further financing. In addition, other third parties and customers may have concerns over our financial 
position and it may be difficult to market  our financial products. Any of these circumstances or other 
consequences could adversely affect our business, credit rating, prospects, results of operations and financial 
condition. Moreover, any such action initiated by our lenders could adversely affec t the price of the Equity 
Shares. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our future performance and our 
ability to generate cash, which to a certain extent is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, 
legislative, legal,  regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our future cash flows 
from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our debt obligations, meet our contractual 
obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to sell assets or attempt to restructure or 
refinance our existing indebtedness. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may 
require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our busin ess operations. The 
terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In 
addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely 
basis would likely re sult in a reduction of our creditworthiness and/or any credit rating we may hold, which 
may harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms.  
 
29. Any change in the regulations, enforcement procedures or regulatory policies established by regulatory 
agencies could increase the costs or time of development of our products and delay or prevent sales of our 
products , and our revenues could decline and we may not achieve profitability.  
 
Our products generally must receive regulatory clearance from appropriate regulatory authority before they 
can be sold. Any change in the regulations, enforcement procedures or regulatory policies set by the 
regulatory agencies could increase the costs or time of development of our products and delay or prevent 
sales of our products. Such changes may relate to, inter alia, manufacturing methods, labelling requirements, 
regulatory filing processes  and environmental, health and safety requirements. We cannot determine the 
future effect of any  changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies on our business . Any 
increase in the time or costs required to comply with regulatory requirements or obtain regulatory approvals 
could delay the commercialisation of our products and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
 
30. We may become subject to claims and legal proceedings involving product liability claims that may 
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
Pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to regulatory scrutiny in many jurisdictions  and are  required to 
meet various quality standards and specifications for their products . Our business of developing, 
manufacturing,  marketing and selling pharmaceutical products exposes us to potential product liability 
claims and litigation.  Any product liability claim, product recall or regulatory action could result in costs, 
disruption to our operations and adverse publicity, and may adversely affect our reputation and sales.  
 
Defense and settlement costs can be substantial, even for claims without merit. Due to the inherent 
uncertainty of the litigation process, such proceedings could take away from the time and effort of our 
management. If we are unable to defend ourselves aga inst such claims, we may be subject to civil liability 
for physical injury, death or other losses caused by our products, as well as criminal liability and the 
revocation of our business licenses if our pharmaceutical products are found to be defective. In  addition, we 
may be required to recall the relevant pharmaceutical products, suspend sales or cease sales. While we 
maintain product liability insurance and recall coverage, such insurance may not fully cover all potential 
losses . 
 
 
30 
  
31. The time necessary to develop generic drugs may adversely affect whether, and the extent to which, we 
receive a return on our capital.  
 
We generally begin development activities for an API and formulation expected to become generic several 
years in advance of the patent expiration date of the brand -name drug equivalent. The development process, 
including drug formulation (where applicable), testing, and regulatory review and approval  is a long-drawn  
process and often takes several  years. This requires us to expend considerable capital on activities that do 
not yield an immediate or near -term return. Also, because of the significant time necessary to develop a 
product, the actual market for a product at the time it is available for sale may be significantly less than 
originally projected. If this occurs, our potential return on our investment in developing the product, if 
approved for marketing by the regulatory authority, would be adversely affected and may impact the return 
on our investment.  
 
32. Our Promoters will be able to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after the 
Issue and may have interests that are different from those of our other shareholders.  
 
As of June 30, 2026, our Promoters and promoter group hold 49.42% of the issued and outstanding Equity 
Shares of our Company. By virtue of this shareholding, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise 
significant control and influence over our Company  and our affairs and business, including the election of 
Directors, the timing and payment of dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and 
Articles of Association, the approval of a merger, amalgamation or sale of substantially all of ou r assets, and 
the approval of most other actions requiring shareholder approval. The interests of our Promoters may differ 
from, or conflict with, those  of our other shareholders . The exercise of their influence may result in a change 
in the  management or control of our Company, even if such a change  may not be beneficial to our other 
shareholders.  
 
33. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, 
which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 
We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facilities or otherwise arising out of 
our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other 
people, we could face claims allegin g that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be 
otherwise liable for the injuries. We maintain industrial all risk policy for our research centre  and 
manufacturing facilities , and clinical trials insurance, keyman insurance, director and officer’s liability 
insurance and product liability insurance for the products that we manufacture and sell. We also maintain 
medical insurance policies for our employees.  
 
While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal 
risks associated with the operation of our business, there is a risk  that such coverage may not be sufficient 
to cover all losses , liabilities or damages arising from our business and operations . There is also a risk that 
claims made under our insurance policies may not be admitted or settled, whether in full or in part , or in a 
timely manner . If we experience product liability claims, business disruptions, or if key persons cease 
providing their services to us for any reason, we might incur substantial costs or diversion of resources, or 
be unable to replace such key persons in a timely manner or at all.  
 
In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance 
coverage in the normal course of our business, however, there is a risk  that such policies may not be renew ed 
in a timely manner, on commercially acceptable terms,  or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, 
for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which 
exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to b e borne 
by us and our business prospects and financial condition  may be adversely affected.  
 
34. We may be affected by labour disruptions that could interfere with our operations.  
 
The success of our manufacturing activities depends on, among other things, the productivity of our 
workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and the continued functioning of our manufacturing 
processes and machinery. We are exposed to the risk of  labour stoppages at our manufacturing facilities. 
Employees at certain of our facilities are members of labour unions. Although we believe that we currently 
have good industrial relations with our employees, there can be no assurance that our employees will not 
 
 
31 
 undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour 
disruptions may adversely affect our operations by delaying or slowing production of pharmaceutical 
products, increasing our cost of production, or ev en halting a portion of our production. This may also cause 
us to miss sales commitments, damage our relationships with customers and disrupt our supply chain, further 
affecting our revenue and margins.  
Disruptions in our manufacturing activities may delay production or require us to shut down the affected 
manufacturing facility. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such 
facility which has received specific approvals, and any shut down of such facility will result in  us being 
unable to manufacture such product for the duration of such shut down. Such an event will result in us being 
unable to meet with our contractual commitments and supply chain, which will have an adverse effect on 
our business, results of operation  and financial condition.  
35. We require substantial financing for our business operations and business growth, and the failure to 
obtain additional financing on terms commercially acceptable to us may adversely affect our ability to 
grow and our future profitability.  
 
We require substantial capital for our business operations and its growth. Debt financing could increase our 
interest costs and require us to comply with additional restrictive covenants in our financing agreements. 
Additional equity financing could dilute  our earnings per Equity Share and your interest in the Company, 
and could adversely impact our Equity Share price. Our ability to obtain additional financing on favourable 
terms, if at all, will depend on a number of factors, including our future financia l condition, results of 
operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, general market conditions and 
market conditions for financing activities and the economic, political and other conditions in the markets 
where we operate.  Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing on 
acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to renew arrangements for existing funding or to 
obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and in a timely  manner could adversely impact our planned 
capital expenditure and implementation of growth strategy, our business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
 
36. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future.  
 
We have entered into certain transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions 
have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved 
more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, it is likely 
that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. There is a risk  that such transactions, 
individually or in the aggregate, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of 
operations.  
 
37. We have contingent liabilities and our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these 
contingent liabilities materializes.  
 
As of March 31 , 2026, contingent liabilities disclosed in our consolidated financial information aggregated 
to ₹ 30 million. Our contingent liabilities are mainly on account of indirect tax  and income tax disputes 
pending before various forums. If any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition and 
results of operation may be adversely affected. For further details, see “ Financial Statements ” on page 74. 
 
38. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management 
estimates and have not been independently appraised and may be subject to change based on various 
factors, some of which are beyond our control.  
 
Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates 
and have not been independently appraised and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of 
which are beyond our control. Our funding requir ements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on 
internal management estimates based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank 
or financial institution. Further, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our funding req uirements may 
be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. For details, see “ Objects of the 
Issue ” on page 53. However, the deployment of the Gross Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring 
Agency, Crisil Ratings Limited.  
 
 
 
32 
 Further, our schedule of implementation for the use of proceeds from the Issue may be affected by various 
risks, including time and cost overruns as well as factors beyond our control. Any delay in our schedule of 
implementation may cause us to incur addit ional costs. Such time and cost overruns may adversely impact 
our business  prospects and financial condition.  
 
Further, while our Company intends to utilise a portion  of the Issue  Proceeds for strategic investments and 
acquisitions, it has currently not estimated specific amounts that will be deployed towards such object.  
However, such utilisation shall be done in such a manner to ensure that our Company does not utilise more 
than 35% of the Issue Proceeds  towards funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and 
other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes , out of which the amount to be utilised towards 
either of (a) general corporate purposes or (b) funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions 
and other strategic initiatives, shall not exceed 25% of the Issue Proceeds . The exact amounts that will be 
utilised from the Issue Proceeds towards funding our strategic investments and acquisitions will depend upon 
our business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, 
competitive landscape, ability to identi fy and conclude inorganic acquisitions as well as general factors 
affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Furthermore, our strategic 
investments and acquisitions may be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals,  technical 
difficulties, human resource, technological or  for other  unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances , some 
of which may be beyond our control.  
 
 
 
39. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on restrictive covenants of our financing 
arrangements, our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and working capital and 
capital expenditure requirements . 
 
Any dividends to be declared and paid by us in the future are required to be recommended by our Board and 
approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association, 
dividend policy and applicable laws, incl uding the Companies Act , 2013 . Under the Indian laws, dividends 
may be paid out of profits earned during the year or out of accumulated profits earned by a company in 
previous years and transferred by it to its reserves (subject to certain conditions). Any accumulated profits 
that are n ot distributed in a given year are retained and may be available for distribution in subsequent years . 
Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future results of operations, financial condition, 
cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, business 
prospects and any other financin g arrangements. For example, certain of our financing agreements may 
contain restricted payment covenants which may limit our ability to make payments in the nature of 
dividends or distributions to our equity holders. Dividends distributed by us may be sub ject to other 
requirements prescribed by the RBI, as the case may be. There is a risk that we may not  generate sufficient 
revenues consistent with our past practices to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to 
our shareholders in future.  
 
40. We are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti -bribery 
laws, which impose restrictions and may carry substantial penalties.  
 
The United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “ FCPA ”), the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti -
bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making 
improper payments to officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. These laws may require 
not on ly accurate books and records, but also sufficient controls, policies and processes to ensure business 
is conducted without the influence of bribery and corruption. Our policies mandate compliance with these 
anti-bribery laws, which often carry substantial  penalties including fines, criminal prosecution and potential 
debarment from public procurement contracts. Failure to comply may also result in reputational damages. 
Given the high level of complexity of these laws, however, there is a risk that some prov isions may be 
inadvertently breached, for example through fraudulent or negligent behaviour of individual employees, our 
failure to comply with certain formal documentation requirements or otherwise. Any violation of these laws 
or allegations of such viola tions, whether or not merited, could have a material adverse effect on our 
reputation and could cause the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline.  
 
In addition, in many less -developed markets, we rely heavily on third -party distributors and other agents for 
the marketing and distribution of our products. Many of these third parties do not have internal compliance 
resources comparable to ours. Business  activities in many of these markets have historically been vulnerable  
 
 
33 
 to corruption. If our efforts to screen third -party agents and detect cases of potential misconduct fail, we 
could be held responsible for the noncompliance of these third parties under applicable laws and regulations, 
including the FCPA, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business, financial 
condition or results of operations.  
 
Finally, we operate in certain jurisdictions that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree 
or are found to be low on the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index and, in some 
circumstances, anti -bribery laws may conflict with some local customs and practices. As a result of our 
policy to comply with FCPA and similar anti -bribery laws, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to 
competitors that are not subject to, or do not comply with, such laws in jurisdictions that have exper ienced 
higher levels of bribery and corruption.  
 
External Risk Factors  
 
41. The Rights Entitlement of Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form may lapse 
in case they fail to furnish the details of their demat account to the Registrar.  
 
In accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI ICDR Master 
Circular, the credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of Rights Equity Shares shall be made in 
dematerialized form only. Prior to the Issue Opening Date, our Company shall credit the Rights Entitlements 
to the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in dematerialised form.  
 
Our Company has opened a separate demat suspense escrow account and would credit Rights Entitlements 
on the basis of the Equity Shares: (a) which are held in the account of the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (“ IEPF ”) authority; or which of the Eligible Equity Shareholder whose demat accounts are frozen or 
where the Equity Shares are lying in the unclaimed/ suspense escrow account / demat suspense account 
(including those pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR Re gulations) or details of which are 
unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record Date or where Equity Shares have been 
kept in abeyance or where entitlement certificate has been issued or where instruction has been issued for 
stopping is sue or transfer or where letter of confirmation lying in escrow account; or (b) where credit of the 
Rights Entitlements have returned/reversed/failed for any reason; or (c) where ownership is currently under 
dispute, including any court or regulatory proce edings or where legal notices have been issued, if any; or (d) 
such other cases where our Company is unable to credit Rights Entitlements for any other reasons.  
 
Our Company shall credit the Rights Entitlements to the demat suspense account on the basis of information 
available with our Company and to serve the interest of relevant Eligible Equity Shareholders to provide 
them with a reasonable opportunity to partic ipate in the Issue. The credit of the Rights Entitlements to the 
Demat Suspense Account by our Company does not create any right in favour of the relevant Eligible Equity 
Shareholders for transfer of Rights Entitlement to their demat account or to receive any Equity Shares in the 
Issue.  
 
With respect to the Rights Entitlements credited to the demat suspense account, the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are required to provide relevant details / documents as acceptable to our Company or the 
Registrar (such as applicable regulatory approvals, se lf-attested PAN and client master sheet of demat 
account, details/ records confirming the legal and beneficial ownership of their respective Equity Shares, 
etc.) to our Company or the Registrar no later than two clear Working Days prior to the Issue Closin g Date 
to enable credit of their Rights Entitlements by way of transfer from the Demat Suspense Account to their 
demat account at least one day before the Issue Closing Date, to enable such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
to make an application in the Issue, and this communication shall serve as an intimation to such Eligible 
Equity Shareholders in this regard. In the event that the Eligible Equity Shareholders are not able to provide 
relevant details to our Company or the Registrar by the end of two clear Wor king Days prior to the Issue 
Closing Date, Rights Entitlements credited to the Demat Suspense Account shall lapse and extinguish in due 
course and such Eligible Equity Shareholder shall not have any claim against our Company and our Company 
shall not be li able to any such Eligible Equity Shareholder in any form or manner and such lapsing of Rights 
Entitlement may dilute and adverse ly impact the interest of certain Eligible Equity Shareholders. For details, 
please see “ Terms of the Issue ” on page 83. 
 
42. Failure to exercise or sell the Rights Entitlements will cause the Rights Entitlements to lapse without 
compensation and result in a dilution of shareholding . 
 
 
 
34 
 The Rights Entitlements that are not exercised prior to the end of the Issue Closing Date will expire and 
become null and void, and Eligible Equity Shareholders will not receive any consideration for them. The 
proportionate ownership and voting interest in  our Company of Eligible Equity Shareholders who fail (or 
are not able) to exercise their Rights Entitlements will be diluted. Even if you elect to sell your unexercised 
Rights Entitlements, the consideration you receive for them may not be sufficient to f ully compensate you 
for the dilution of your percentage ownership of the equity share capital of our Company that may be caused 
as a result of the Issue. Renouncees may not be able to apply in case of failure in completion of renunciation 
through off -marke t transfer in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account 
of the Renouncees prior to the Issue Closing Date. For details, see “ Terms of the Issue ” on page 83. 
 
43. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.  
 
Our performance and business growth are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. 
Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices 
could adversely affect our business. Additio nally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading of India’s 
sovereign debt rating, or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates 
and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. A ny downturn in the 
macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.  
 
India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, adverse weather 
conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown 
in the Indian economy could adversely a ffect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn 
adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy.  
 
The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly 
emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate 
fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interes t rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact 
our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide 
financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and  adversely affect 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
 
Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy include: scarcity of credit or other 
financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions and our expansion plans; volatility 
in, and actual or perceived trends in tr ading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s 
tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, such as the application of GST; political instability, terrorism or 
military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally; occu rrence of natural or man -made 
disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global 
economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or 
economic de velopments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors.  
 
44. Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be affected by global economic conditions 
and the geographies to which we cater.  
 
Our business depends substantially on global economic conditions. Our international customers may be 
adversely impacted by economic downturns in their national or regional economies, disruption in their 
banking and financial systems, economic weakness, unf avourable government policies, rising inflation, 
reduced spending power and consumer confidence, and political uncertainty.  
 
The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other 
countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, U.S. and elsewhere in 
the world in recent years has affected the Indian  economy. Although economic conditions are different in 
each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities 
of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the fina ncial systems of 
other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the 
Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the 
Indian economy. Financial dis ruptions may occur again and could harm our business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
 
 
 
35 
 The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and 
market corrections in recent years. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively 
impacted by ongoing concerns surroundin g the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in 
Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown 
in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and ov erall standing of the European 
Monetary Union.  
 
A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased 
volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide 
financial instability could influence the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and 
financial regulators in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented 
several policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. In addition,  any increase in interest 
rates by the United States Federal Reserve will lead to an increase in the borrowing costs in the United States 
which may in turn impact global borrowing as well. Furthermore, in several parts of the world, there are 
signs of incr easing retreat from globalization of goods, services and people, as pressure for the introduction 
of a protectionist regime is building and such developments could adversely affect Indian exports. However, 
the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is 
uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current adverse 
conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial dis ruption, this could 
have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.   
 
If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.  
 
45. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.  
 
The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI 
may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which 
could lead to new compliance requirements, inc luding requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the 
GoI and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements.  
 
For instance, in order to rationalize and reform labour laws in India, the Government of India has introduced 
four labour codes which came into effect on November 21, 2025, namely (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) 
the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; 
and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing 
central labour legislations. While the Codes have been implemented at the central level, we are yet to 
determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability 
to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. For instance, under the Social Security Code, 
a new concept of deemed remun eration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more 
than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government) of their total remuneration 
in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within th e definition of wages under the 
Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added 
to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards 
the employees ’ provident fund. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these 
provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us.  
 
Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, 
governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an 
absence, or a limited body, of administrative or j udicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly 
for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our 
business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to complian ce with such new 
requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to 
comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the 
applicability, interpretation or imp lementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation 
or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may 
be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the v iability of our current businesses 
or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future.   
 
46. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial 
condition.  
 
 
36 
  
Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. 
Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and business costs, including wages and 
other expenses relevant to our business . High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for 
us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, 
which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether ent irely or in part, and may 
adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In particular, we 
might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to 
our consum ers. In such case, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be 
adversely affected. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation 
rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian 
inflation levels will not worsen in the future.  
 
47. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate in may affect the trading price of the 
Equity Shares.  
 
Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of 
India. Any adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions in which we operate by 
international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have 
an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favo urable terms and consequently adversely affect 
our business, financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares.  
 
48. Our business may be adversely affected by competition laws in India.  
 
The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ Competition Act ”) was enacted for the purpose of preventing 
practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the 
Competition Commission of India (“ CCI”) to prevent such practices. Under the Competition Act, any formal 
or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable 
adverse effect on competition (“ AAEC ”) is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial 
monetary penalties. Furthermore, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves 
the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, m arkets, technical 
development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of 
services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the 
relevant market or dir ectly or indirectly results in bid -rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an 
appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position 
by any enterprise.  
 
On March 4, 2011, the Government of India notified and brought into force the provisions under the 
Competition Act in relation to combinations (the “ Combination Regulation Provisions ”) with effect from 
June 1, 2011. The Combination Regulation Provisions require that acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets 
or control or mergers or amalgamations, which cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds, be 
mandatorily notifie d to and pre -approved by the CCI. In addition, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the final 
Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to 
combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechani sm for implementation of the 
Combination Regulation Provisions under the Competition Act. The manner in which the Competition Act 
and the CCI affect the business environment in India may adversely affect our business, financial condition 
and results of ope rations.  
 
The Competition (Amendment) Act, 2023 (“ Competition Amendment Act ”) was notified on April 11, 
2023, which amends the Competition Act and give the CCI additional powers to prevent practices that harm 
competition and the interests of consumers. The Competition Amendment Act, inter alia , modifies the scope 
of certain factors used to determine AAEC, reduces the overall time limit for the assessment of combinations 
by the CCI from 210 days to 150 days and empowers the CCI to impose penalties based on the global 
turnover of entities, for an ti-competitive agreements and abuse of dominant position.   
 
The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition 
proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of 
provisions of the Competition Act may have an adver se impact on our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects.  
 
 
 
37 
 49. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability 
to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares.  
 
Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non -residents 
and residents are permitted, subject to certain restrictions detailed under the Foreign Exchange Management 
Act, 1999 read with the rules made the reunder, along with other relevant laws. Such restrictions include 
compliance with the sectoral investment thresholds, pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified 
by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with inter alia  the sectoral investment thresholds, 
the pricing guidelines or reporting requirements, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. 
Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into 
foreign  currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance 
certificate from the income tax authority.  
 
Subject to conditions specified in the FDI Policy, up to 100% foreign investment under the automatic route 
is currently permitted in “pharmaceuticals” for greenfield investments, while up to 74% foreign investment 
under the automatic route is currently per mitted in “pharmaceuticals” for brownfield investment. Further, 
foreign investment in brownfield pharmaceuticals, irrespective of entry route, is further subject to additional 
conditions in relation to the production level of NLEM drugs and research and de velopment expenses.  We 
cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can 
be obtained on any particular terms, or at all.  
 
As provided in the foreign exchange laws currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at 
which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing 
methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price 
per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any 
other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at a ll. Further, due to possible 
delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains 
during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline.  
 
The Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the 
Equity Shares will be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into appropriate foreign currency 
for repatriation. In addition, any adverse mo vement in exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the 
proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals 
that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the net dividends receiv ed by shareholders.  
 
Further, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which 
has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Non -debt Rules, all investments under the 
foreign direct investment route by entities of  a country which shares land border with India or where the 
beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made 
through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated  October 15, 
2020 and the FEMA Rules. Further, on March 15, 2026, the DPIIT issued Press Note No. 2 (2026 Series), 
amending the foreign direct investment framework in relation to investments where beneficial ownership 
originates from countries sharing land borders with India. The amendments, i nter alia, provide greater clarity 
on the determination of beneficial ownership and permit investments with non -controlling beneficial 
ownership of up to 10% from such jurisdictions under the automatic route, and introduce defined timelines 
for processing certain approval applications, and have been made effective from May 2, 2026, being the date 
of publication of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt Instruments) (Amendment) Rules, 2026 in 
the official gazette.  The interpretation and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain 
uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is 
uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all.  
 
The regulatory framework governing foreign investment in India is also subject to ongoing changes. In this 
regard, the RBI has recently released the draft Foreign Exchange Management (Foreign Investment) Rules, 
2026, which is proposed to supersede the FEMA  Non-debt Instruments Rules, 2019 and, among other 
matters, provide a revised framework governing foreign investment in India. Any changes to, or uncertainties 
in the interpretation and implementation of, such regulatory framework may adversely affect our ability to 
raise foreign capital.  
 
50. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of and dividend on the 
Equity Shares.  
 
 
38 
  
Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity 
shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on 
the sale of listed equity shares on a St ock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding 
the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on 
certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchang es, the quantum of gains 
and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, we may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in 
India, in addition to payment of securities transaction tax (“ STT”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for 
more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a 
domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold.  
 
Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less 
immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital 
gains arising from the sale of the E quity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief 
from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is 
resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian 
tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries 
may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 
Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable 
at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non -resident seller.  
 
Under the Income Tax Act, 2025 that became effective from April 1, 2026, where short term capital gains 
arise from the transfer of equity shares in a company, the tax on such gains must be calculated at the rate of 
20%, subject to applicable conditions and  reliefs, including specified relief available to certain resident 
individuals and Hindu undivided families. Further, for long -term capital gains arising from the transfer of 
equity shares, tax must be calculated at the rate of  12.5%  on such gains exceeding the prescribed threshold, 
subject to applicable conditions, exceptions and reliefs, including specified reliefs available to certain 
resident individuals and Hindu undivided families.  
 
Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, 
in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of 
securities through stock exchanges wi ll be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration 
through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than 
debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -deliv ery basis is specified at 0.003% of 
the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020.  
 
Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, 
distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not 
be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both re sident as well as non -resident. The Company may or may 
not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non -resident shareholder for the purposes of 
deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends.   
 
Although the new Income Tax Act, 2025 has come into effect, there is no certainty regarding the manner in 
which the new tax regime will operate in practice, including in relation to capital gains tax, dividend taxation, 
and withholding tax obligations.  Any future amendment, clarification, regulatory guidance or judicial 
interpretation may adversely affect investors and could also impact our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares.  
 
51. No market for the Right Entitlements may develop and the price of the Right Entitlements may be volatile.  
 
No assurance can be given that an active trading market for the Rights Entitlements will develop on the 
Stock Exchanges during the Renunciation Period or that there will be sufficient liquidity in Rights 
Entitlements trading during this period. The trading  price of the Rights Entitlements will not only depend on 
supply and demand for the Rights Entitlements, which may be affected by factors unrelated to the trading in 
the Equity Shares, but also on the quoted price of the Equity Shares, amongst others. Fact ors affecting the 
volatility of the price of the Equity Shares, as described herein, may magnify the volatility of the trading 
price of the Rights Entitlements, and a decline in the price of the Equity Shares will have an adverse impact 
on the trading pric e of the Rights Entitlements.  
 
 
 
39 
 52. We may, at any time in the future, make further issuances or sales of our Equity Shares, and this may 
significantly dilute your future shareholding and affect the trading price of our Equity Shares.  
 
Any future equity issuances by us, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any 
future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the 
trading price of our Equity Shares, which m ay lead to other adverse consequences for us including difficulty 
in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any 
perception that such issuance or sales of shares may occur, may lead to dilution of yo ur shareholding, 
significantly affect the trading price of our Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of 
our securities. There can be no assurance that such future issuance by us will be at a price equal to or more 
than the Issue P rice. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not issue further shares or that the major 
shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber their shares.  
 
53. Applicants to this Issue are not allowed to withdraw their Applications after the Issue Closing Date.  
 
In terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Applicants in this Issue are not allowed to withdraw their 
Applications after the Issue Closing Date. The Allotment in this Issue and the credit of such Rights Equity 
Shares to the Applicant’s demat account with its d epository participant shall be completed within such period 
as prescribed under the applicable laws. There is no assurance, however, that material adverse changes in 
the international or national monetary, financial, political or economic conditions or oth er events in the 
nature of force majeure, material adverse changes in our business, results of operations or financial condition, 
or other events affecting the Applicant’s decision to invest in the Rights Equity Shares, would not arise 
between the Issue Cl osing Date and the date of Allotment in this Issue. Occurrence of any such events after 
the Issue Closing Date could also impact the market price of our Equity Shares. The Applicants shall not 
have the right to withdraw their applications in the event of a ny such occurrence. We cannot assure you that 
the market price of our Equity Shares will not decline below the Issue Price. To the extent the market price 
for our Equity Shares declines below the Issue Price after the Issue Closing Date, the shareholder wi ll be 
required to purchase Rights Equity Shares at a price that will be higher than the actual market price for the 
Equity Shares at that time. Should that occur, the shareholder will suffer an immediate unrealized loss as a 
result. We may complete the All otment even if such events may limit the Applicants’ ability to sell our 
Equity Shares after this Issue or cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to decline.  
 
54. We will not distribute this Letter of Offer, the Application Form and the Rights Entitlement Letter to 
certain categories of overseas shareholders.  
 
In the case that Eligible Equity Shareholders have provided their valid e -mail address our Company will 
send this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter, Application Form and other issue material (“ Issue 
Material s”) only to their valid e -mail address and in the case that such Eligible Equity Shareholders have 
not provided their e -mail address, then the Issue Material s will be dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, 
to the Indian addresses provided by them. Other than as indicated above, the Issue Material s will not be 
distributed to addresses outside India on account of restrictions that apply to circulation of such materials in 
overseas jurisdictions.  
 
However, the Companies Act, 2013 requires companies to serve documents at any address, which may be 
provided by the members as well as through e -mail. Presently, there is lack of clarity under the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder with resp ect to distribution of the Issue Materials in overseas 
jurisdictions where such distribution may be prohibited under the applicable laws of such jurisdictions. We 
have requested all the overseas Eligible Equity Shareholders to provide an address in India and their e -mail 
addresses for the purposes of distribution of the Issue Materials. However, we cannot assure you that the 
regulator or authorities would not adopt a different view with respect to compliance with the Companies 
Act, 2013 and may subject us to fines or penalties.  
 
55. Investors will be subject to market risks until our Equity Shares credited to the investor’s demat account 
are listed and permitted to trade.  
 
Investors can start trading our Equity Shares Allotted to them only after they have been credited to an 
investor’s demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since our Equity Shares are currently traded on 
the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subj ect to market risk from the date they pay for our Equity Shares 
to the date when trading approval is granted for the same. Further, there can be no assurance that our Equity 
 
 
40 
 Shares allocated to an investor will be timely credited to the investor’s demat account or that trading in such 
Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner.  
 
56. Certain overseas  shareholders may not be able to participate in our Company’s proposed rights offerings 
or certain other equity issues.  
 
If our Company offers or causes to be offered to holders of its Equity Shares rights to subscribe for additional 
Equity Shares or any right of any other nature, our Company will have discretion as to the procedure to be 
followed in making such rights avail able to overseas holders of the Equity Shares or in disposing of such 
rights for the benefit of such holders and making the net proceeds available to such holders. For instance, 
our Company may not offer such rights to the holders of Equity Shares who have  a registered address in the 
United States unless: (i) a registration statement is in effect, if a registration statement under the U.S. 
Securities Act is required in order for our Company to offer such rights to holders and sell the securities 
represented  by such rights; or (ii) the offering and sale of such rights or the underlying securities to such 
holders are exempt from registration under the provisions of the U.S. Securities Act. Our Company has no 
obligation to prepare or file any registration state ment. Accordingly, shareholders who have a registered 
address in the United States may be unable to participate in future rights offerings and may experience a 
dilution in their holdings as a result.  
 
57. Holders of our Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre -emptive rights under 
Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.  
 
Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer holders of its equity shares pre -
emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership 
percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre -emptive rights have been waived 
by the adoption of a special resolution by the Company. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are 
in does not permit the exercise of such pre -emptive rights without us filing an offer ing document or 
registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such 
pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation 
to pre -emptive rig hts otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise 
pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership 
position and your proportional interests in us would be  reduced.  
 
58. SEBI operates an index -based market -wide circuit breaker. Any operation of a circuit breaker may 
adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, our Equity Shares at a 
particular point in time.  
 
We are subject to an index -based market -wide circuit breaker generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock 
exchanges. This may be triggered by an extremely high degree of volatility in the market activity (among 
other things). Due to the existence of this circ uit breaker, there can be no assurance that shareholders will be 
able to sell our Equity Shares at their preferred price or at all at any particular point in time.  
 
59. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments in India against us or our management.  
 
All of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management  Personnel are residents of India. 
As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process on us or such persons in 
jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India predicated 
upon ci vil liabilities under laws other than Indian Law.  
 
India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign 
judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 
with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom; however, no reciprocity has been 
established with the United States. In order to be enfor ceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity 
must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ CPC ”). Recognition and 
enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Sections 13, 14 and 44A of the CPC on a statutory 
basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within 
the meaning of that sectio n, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by 
notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution 
as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in Ind ia. However, Section 44A of the CPC is 
applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, 
 
 
41 
 other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards 
(even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). The CPC only permits the enforcement and 
execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts 
payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which 
do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. 
Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non -reciprocating territory 
for civil liability, whether or not predicated  solely upon the general laws of the non -reciprocating territory, 
would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, 
our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in I ndia and obtain a decree from 
an Indian court. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any 
matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of 
competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given  on the merits of the case; (iii) where it 
appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law 
or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proce edings 
in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been 
obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in 
force in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in 
a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non -reciprocating territory 
within three years of obtaining such final judgment. G enerally, there are considerable delays in the disposal 
of suits by Indian courts.  
 
It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action 
were brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if 
that court was of the view that the amount  of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian 
practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the 
RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. Any judgment in a foreign currency would be  converted into Indian 
Rupees on the date of the judgment and not on the date of payment. We cannot predict whether a suit brought 
in an Indian court will be disposed of in a timely manner or be subject to considerable delays.  
 
 
 
 
 
42 
 SECTION III: INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF LETTER OF OFFER  
The following is a general summary of certain disclosures included in this Letter of Offer  and is neither exhaustive, 
nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Letter of Offer  or all details relevant to the 
prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Letter of Offer , including, the sections titled “ Risk Factors ”, 
“Capital Structure ”, “Objects of the Issue ” and “ Financial Statements ” beginning on pages 14, 51, 53 and 74, 
respectively.  
Summary of the business  of the Company  
We are a vertically integrated, research and development -focused pharmaceutical company engaged in 
developing, manufacturing and marketing finished dosage formulations (“ FDF ”) and active pharmaceutical 
ingredients (“ API”). Our Company was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in Hyderabad, Telangana. Our 
focus is primarily on niche therapeutic areas, complex molecules and products with high barriers to entry. We 
operate through two business segments: Pharmaceuticals and Crop Health Sciences (Agrochemicals). We market 
our products in over 50 countries globally, with the United States, India, Canada and Brazil constituting our key 
markets. As at March 31, 2026, we operate 9 manufacturing facilities and 2 R&D centres in India, employ over 
5,200 people globally, and have one Indian Subsidiary, 12 international Subsidiaries  and one international 
Associate . Our equity shares are listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited.  
 
In Fiscal 2026, our consolidated total income  was ₹43,759  million, which includes  ₹32,345 million  from export 
formulations,  ₹4,409 million from domestic formulations, ₹2,347 million from API and ₹1,382 million from crop 
health sciences (“ CHS ”). 
 
US Business  
 
Our US business operates through a partnership -driven model, whereby we undertake product development and 
manufacturing while our partners handle patent litigation, sales and distribution. We have  45+ approved products 
in our US portfolio and 25+ products in our pipeline. We have made 28 Paragraph IV filings, including 20+ first -
to-file (“ FTF ”) applications, of which 17 have received tentative or final approval. We are gradually evolving 
from a partner to a player model for select molecules through our wholly owned US step down subsidiary, NATCO 
Pharma USA LLC.  
 
Our key sole FTF opportunities include generic versions of Carfilzomib (Kyprolis®) for multiple myeloma, 
Ibrutinib (Imbruvica®) for leukaemia, Idelalisib (Zydelig®) for blood and bone marrow cancer, Olaparib 
(Lynparza®) for ovarian and breast cancer, Semag lutide (Ozempic®) for diabetes, Erdafitinib (Balversa®) for 
bladder cancer, Semaglutide (Wegovy®) for weight loss and Capmatinib (Tabrecta®) for lung cancer. Our 
broader Paragraph IV pipeline includes generic versions of Apixaban (Eliquis®), Pomalidomide ( Pomalyst®), 
Acalabrutinib (Calquence®), Rimegepant (Nurtec®), Risdiplam (Evrysdi®) for spinal muscular atrophy, 
Trifluridine/Tipiracil (Lonsurf®), Trabectedin (Yondelis®) and Cabazitaxel (Jevtana®).  
 
Canada and Brazil  
 
We also operate in Canada and Brazil, both focused on limited -competition products. In Canada, we have 20+ 
products and a pipeline of 20+ products pending launch; we are among the top 10 generic companies by sales in 
Canada and have the highest market shar e for Lenalidomide and Oseltamivir. In Brazil, we continue to be a major 
contributor  for Everolimus for the fourth consecutive year and have launched Carfilzomib, Eltrombopag and 
Apixaban.  
 
Domestic Formulations  
 
Our domestic business comprises Oncology, Pharma Specialties, Cardiology and Diabetology divisions. We have 
generate d standalone revenue aggregating to ₹4,409 million from the domestic formulations segment in Fiscal 
2026. We have over 20 years of presence in the Indian oncology market and are a market leader in branded 
oncology targeted therapy. Our oncology portfolio comprises over 40 brands covering haemato -oncology and 
solid tumours as of March 2026.  Our Pharma Specialties division covers hepatology, gastroenterology, virology, 
rheumatology and critical care, and has increased its focus on critical care and infectious diseases beyond Hepatitis 
C and Hepatitis B through two separate divisions, Dynami an d Hygeia. We plan to enter the luminal 
 
 
43 
 gastroenterology therapy area, including inflammatory bowel disease, and are actively pursuing therapies for non -
alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Our Cardiology division markets APIGAT (apixaban), DABIGAT 
(dabigatran), Rpigat (rivaroxaban) and TICAGA T (ticagrelor). APIGAT is close to achieving the number -two 
position in indicated prescriptions, supported by extensive market penetration, and we are working on novel 
therapy options for heart failure and hypertension. Our Diabetology division (NAT -REACH)  offers vildagliptin, 
teneligliptin combinations and dapagliflozin and has fortified its portfolio by introducing new -age gliptins such 
as Sitagliptin, Linagliptin and Vildagliptin. We have launched a Semaglutide pen in multiple SKUs and the most 
affordabl e GLP -1 in the market in vial form and through a pen device. We engage over 1,500 diabetologists and 
physicians through educational programmes. In Fiscal 2026, we have over 900 sales professionals, supported by 
a network of 1,000+ distributors, and offer over 100 products across all divisions.  
 
API Business  
 
Our API business generated standalone revenue of ₹2,347 million in Fiscal 2026, representing approximately 
5.4% of our total income  of ₹43,759 million. We maintain a portfolio of 51 active US drug master files (“ DMFs ”). 
Our capabilities span multi -step synthesis, semi -synthetic fusion, high -potency APIs, peptides and 
oligonucleotides, with a focus on complex oncology molecules; other therapeutic areas of development include 
CNS, cardiology and diabetology. In -house key starting materials (KSMs) for several APIs are a key competitive 
advantage. Our API business develops APIs primarily for third -party sales and also for captive consumption in 
our FDF operations, supporting backward integration for cost efficiency and suppl y chain resilience. We also 
supply APIs to pharmaceutical companies overseas, including in the United States, Ireland, Canada, Europe and 
Brazil.  
 
Crop Health Sciences  
 
Our Crop Health Sciences division was initiated in 2019, leveraging our organic chemistry expertise. In Fiscal 
2026, the division generated revenue of ₹1,382  million. Our portfolio includes pesticides, insecticides, fungicides, 
bio-stimulants and bioproducts marketed under brands such as Natgen , Glanz and Natcore . We successfully 
launched Cyantraniliprole (Cyanat) -based products in the first quarter of Fiscal 2026. We also launched Glanz 
(Tebuconazole + Trifloxystrobin), a fungicide that gained notable traction, and have pioneered a pheromone -
based mating -disrupti on product for pink bollworm in cotton. The division maintains over 30 products, over 3,000 
distributors and presence across 17 Indian states, and has over 500 sales and marketing team comprising direct 
and indirect personnel.  
 
Research and Development  
 
We operate two R&D facilities: the NATCO Research Centre (Sanathnagar, Hyderabad) and a centre at Kothur, 
Telangana, staffed by around 500  scientists , associates and other employees  with capabilities across synthetic 
chemistry, nanopharmaceuticals, drug discovery, cell biology, molecular modelling and clinical research. We are 
building capabilities for oligopeptides. In Fiscal 2026, R&D expenditure was ₹4,0 86 million, representing 1 1.37% 
of our standalone revenue and 10.02% of our consolidated revenue  for such Fiscal . We have made 32 9 
international and 2 99 Indian patent filings, with a substantial granted portfolio. Our NCE pipeline includes NRC -
2694 -A, an orally administered small -molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor for head and neck cancer in a Phase 2 
clinical trial in the US and India; patient recruitme nt is in progress.  
 
Manufacturing Facilities  
 
We operate nine manufacturing facilities in India: five FDF facilities in Dehradun (Uttarakhand), Kothur 
(Telangana), Nagarjuna Sagar (Telangana), Visakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Guwahati (Assam); two API 
facilities in Mekaguda (Telangana) and Manali, C hennai (Tamil Nadu); and two CHS facilities at At thivaram 
(Andhra Pradesh). Our facilities are approved by or certified under USFDA, WHO GMP/CDSCO, ANVISA 
(Brazil), Health Canada, PMDA (Japan), Korean FDA, COFEPRIS (Mexico), EU GMP, TGA (Australia) and 
ISO 14001:2015/ISO 45001:2018.  
Financial Highlights  
The Brief summary of the financials for three  months periods ended June 30 , 202 6 and June 30, 2025 , and for the 
financial years ended March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, derived from the Limited Review  Financial Results 
for the three month periods and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements  for the financial years , 
respectively, of our Company  is provided under section “ Summary of Financials ” on page 75. 
 
 
44 
 Intention and extent of participation by our Promoters and Promoter Group with respect to (i) their rights 
entitlement  and intention to subscribe to their rights entitlement , (ii) their intention to subscribe over and 
above their rights entitlement; and (iii) their intention to renounce their rights  entitlement,  to specific 
investor(s).  
Our Promoters have agreed and intend to subscribe to their Rights Entitlement in full or part and may renounce a 
portion of their Rights Entitlement in the event of a part subscription to their Rights Entitlement.  
Members of our Promoter Group may subscribe to their Rights Entitlement or renounce any or all of their Rights 
Entitlement.   
The renunciation mentioned above may also be made in favour of any specific investor(s) in accordance with the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. In the event of a renunciation to any specific investor(s), name(s) of the specific 
investor(s), and other details, as req uired under the SEBI ICDR Regulations , shall be disclosed in a public 
advertisement two days prior to the Issue Opening Date.  
While our Promoters along with members of our Promoter Group reserve the right to renounce their Rights 
Entitlement in accordance with applicable laws, in the event of any under -subscription in the Issue, our Promoters 
and members of our Promoter Group may  also apply for additional Rights Equity Shares, to the extent permissible 
under applicable law, including the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, a nd other applicable statutory and 
regulatory requirements. The acquisition of Rights Equity Shares by our Promoters and other members of our 
Promoter Group in this Issue shall be eligible for exemption from open offer requirements in terms of Regulation 
10(4)(a) and 10(4)(b) of the SEBI Takeover Regulations , and the Issue shall not result in a change of control of 
the management of our Company in accordance with provisions of the SEBI Takeover Regulations . Our Company 
is in compliance with Regulation 38 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and will continue to comply with the 
minimum public shareholding requirements under applicable law, pursuant to this Issue.  
In accordance with Regulation 86(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the requirement of minimum subscription 
of 90% shall be applicable to the Rights Issue. In the event the minimum subscription is not received, the Company 
shall refund the entire application  monies received, in accordance with Regulation 86(2) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, forthwith and in any case not later than four (4) days from the date of closure of the Rights Issue.  
Intention to allot the under -subscribed portion of the Issue to any specific investor  
The under -subscribed portion of the Issue may also be allotted to any specific investor(s)  recognised by the 
Company . Name(s) of the specific investor(s) , if any, shall be disclosed  in a public advertisement two days prior 
to the Issue Opening Date.  
Further, i n case the Rights Issue remains unsubscribed and / or minimum subscription is not achieved , our Board 
of Directors may dispose of such unsubscribed portion in the best interest of our Company and the Equity 
Shareholders and in compliance with the applicable laws.  
Confirmation  
Neither our Company, nor our Promoters or Directors are a Wilful Defaulter or a Fraudulent Borrower.  
Summary of outstanding litigation and defaults  
Our Company and our Subsidiaries are involved in outstanding legal proceedings which  are pending at various 
levels of adjudication  before various courts, tribunals and other authorities . These include legal proceedings in the 
nature of, criminal proceedings, civil proceedings, intellectual property rights  and tax proceedings, filed by or 
against our Company and our Subsidiaries.  
A summary of outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and our Subsidiaries as on the date of this 
Letter of Offer , in accordance with Paragraph (1)(V)(E) under Part B of Schedule VI of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
is set forth in the table below:  
 
 
45 
 Name of entity  Proceedings 
involving 
criminal liability  
  Proceedings before 
regulatory 
authorities 
involving material 
violations of 
statutory 
regulations   Matters 
involving 
economic 
offences where 
proceedings 
have been 
initiated  Other pending 
matters which, if 
they result in an 
adverse outcome, 
would materially 
and adversely affect 
the operations or 
the financial 
position  Aggregate amount 
involved (₹ in 
million )  
By our Company  Nil N.A.  N.A.  14 Not quantifiable(1) 
Against our Company  1 Nil Nil 15 Not quantifiable(2) 
By our Subsidiaries  Nil N.A.  N.A.  Nil Nil 
Against our 
Subsidiaries  Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 
(1) Includes  matters relating to  patent infringement, suits for declaration of non -infringement, revocation petitions and writ petitions, filed 
before various fora in India and Brazil. The aggregate amount involved in such matters is not quantifiable.  
(2) Includes matters relating to  patent infringement, suits arising from abbreviated new drug applications , antitrust , criminal revision petition  
and tax, filed before various fora in India, the United States of America and Canada. The aggregate amount involved in such matters is 
not quantifiable.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
 THE ISSUE  
The Issue has been authorized by way of resolution passed by our Board on  September 9, 2026 , pursuant to Section 
62(1)(a) and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The terms and conditions of the Issue 
including the Rights Entitlement, Issue Price, Record Date, timing of the Issue and other related matters, have 
been approved b y a resolution passed by  the Board of Directors  on September 25, 2026 . 
The following is a summary of the Issue. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, more detailed information in the section titled “ Terms of the Issue ” beginning on page 83.  
Rights Equity Shares 
being offered by our 
Company  Up to 17,058,082* Rights Equity Shares  
Rights Entitlement for the 
Rights Equity Shares  2 Rights Equity Share s for every 21 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
Record Date  October 1 , 202 6 
Face Value per Equity 
Share  ₹2 each 
Issue Price  ₹750 per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ 748 per Rights Equity Share)  
Dividend  Such dividend, as may be recommended by our Board and declared by our Shareholders, in 
accordance with applicable law  
Issue Size  ₹12,794* million    
Equity Shares issued, 
subscribed, paid -up and 
outstanding prior to the 
Issue  179,109,870  Equity Shares . For details, see “Capital Structure ” beginning on page 51 
Equity Shares outstanding 
after the Issue  196,167,952* Equity Shares  
Security Codes for the 
Equity Shares  ISIN for Equity Shares: INE987B01026  
BSE: 524816  
NSE: NATCOPHARM  
ISIN for Rights 
Entitlements  INE987B20018  
Terms of the Issue  For details , see “ Terms of the Issue ” beginning on page 83 
Use of Issue Proceeds  For details , see “ Objects of the Issue ” beginning on page 53 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.  
For details in relation to fractional entitlements, see “Terms of the Issue – Fractional Entitlements ” on page  102. 
Terms of Payment  
Due Date  Face Value (₹)  Premium (₹)  Total amount payable per Rights 
Equity Share (including premium) ( ₹) 
On Application (i.e., along 
with the Application 
Form)  2 748 750 
. 
 
 
 
 
47 
 GENERAL INFORMATION  
Our Company was incorporated as a private limited company under the name “Natco Fine Pharmaceuticals Private 
Limited” under the Companies Act, 1956 and was granted a certificate of incorporation dated September 19, 1981 
by the Registrar of Companies, Andhr a Pradesh at Hyderabad. Our Company became a deemed public company 
with effect from July 1, 1992,  pursuant to our intimation to the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at 
Hyderabad by letter dated May 29, 1992, and the word “Private” was deleted from the name of our Company. 
Subsequently, the name of our Company was changed to “NATCO Pharma Limited”  and a fresh certificate of 
incorporation consequent upon change of name was issued by the Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at 
Hyderabad on February 18, 1993. Subsequently, our Company was converted into a public limited company and 
a fresh certifica te of incorporation consequent upon conversion dated December 30, 1994, was issued by the 
Registrar of Companies, Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad .  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Chekuri Venkat Ramesh  is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company. His details are as 
follows:  
 
Chekuri Venkat Ramesh  
‘NATCO House’  
Road No. 2 , Banjara Hills  
Hyderabad – 500 034 
Telangana, India  
Tel: +91 90307 20366  
E-mail:  venkatramesh.ch@natcopharma.co.in  
 
Banker to the Issue  
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited  
Intellion Square, 501, 5th Floor  
A Wing, Infinity IT Park, Gen. A.K. Vaidya Marg  
Malad – East, Mumbai – 400 097  
Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 22 6941 0636 / +91 22 6941 0754  
E-mail : CMSIPO@kotak.com  
Website : www.kotak.com  
Contact Person : Sumit Panchal  
 
Legal Counsel to our Company as to Indian Law  
Khaitan & Co  
Indiqube Symphony  
3rd, 4th & 5th Floor, Tower 2  
25, MG Road  
Bengaluru – 560 001 
Karnataka, India  
Tel: +91 80 4339 7000  
 
Statutory Auditors of our Company  
 
B S R and Co , Chartered Accountants  
Salarpuria Knowledge City, Orwell B Wing  
6th Floor, Unit -3, Sy No. 83/1, Plot No. 02  
Raidurg, Hyderabad – 500 081  
Telangana, India   
Tel: +91 40 7182 2000    
Firm Registration Number : 128510W    
Partner : Amit Kumar Bajaj (Membership No. 218685)   
E-mail : amitbajaj@bsraffiliates.com   
Peer Review Certificate Number : 025524   
 
Advisors to the Issue  
 
 
 
48 
 Nuvama Wealth Management Limited  
801-804, Wing A, Building No. 3  
Inspire BKC, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
Maharashtra, India    
Tel: +91 22 4009 4400  
E-mail:  project.npower@nuvama.com  
Contact Person:  Pari Vaya  
ICICI Securities Limited  
ICICI Venture House  
Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi  
Mumbai – 400 025  
Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 22 6807 7100  
E-mail:  natcopharma.rights@icicisecurities.com  
Contact Person:  Aboli Pitre  
Registrar to the Issue  
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium Tower -B, Plot No. 31 & 32 Gachibowli  
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally  
Hyderabad - 500 032  
Telangana, India.  
Tel: +91 40 6716 2222/ 1800 309 4001  
E-mail:  natcopharma.rights@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance ID:  einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Contact Person:  Williams R  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration No .: INR000000221  
 
Investor Grievances  
Investors may contact the Registrar to the Issue or our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for any pre -
Issue or post -Issue related matters. All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar 
to the Issue, with a copy to the  SCSB giving full details such as name, address of the Applicant, contact number(s), 
e-mail address of the sole/ first holder, folio number or demat account, number of Rights Equity Shares applied 
for, amount blocked, ASBA Account number and the Designated  Branch of the SCSB where the Application 
Forms, or the plain paper application, as the case may be, was submitted by the Investors along with a photocopy 
of the acknowledgement slip. For details on the ASBA process, see “ Terms of the Issue ” beginning on page 83. 
Self-Certified Syndicate Banks  
 
The list of banks that have been notified by SEBI to act as the SCSBs for the ASBA process is provided on the 
website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34 and 
updated from time to time. For a list of branche s of the SCSBs named by the respective SCSBs to receive the 
Application Form , please refer to the above -mentioned link.  
Registrar and Share Transfer Agents  
 
The list of the RTAs eligible to accept ASBA Forms from Bidders (other than UPI Bidders) at the Designated 
RTA Locations, including details such as address, telephone number and e -mail address, is provided on the 
websites of Stock Exchanges at  https://www.bseindia.com/static/publicissues/rtadp  and 
https://www.nseindia.com/static/products -services/initial -public -offerings -asba-procedures , respectively, as 
updated from time to time.  
 
Collecting Depository Participants  (CDP)  
 
The list of the CDPs eligible to accept ASBA Forms from Bidders (other than UPI Bidders) at the Designated 
CDP Locations, including details such as name and contact details, is provided on the websites of BSE at 
 
 
49 
 https://www.bseindia.com/static/publicissues/rtadp  and on the website of NSE at  
https://www.nseindia.com/static/products -services/initial -public -offerings -asba-procedures , as updated from time 
to time.  
 
Issue Schedule  
Last Date for credit of Rights Entitlements  October 6, 2026  
Issue Opening Date  October 12, 2026  
Last date for On Market Renunciation of Rights Entitlements #  October 16, 2026  
Issue Closing Date*  October 22, 2026  
Finalization of Basis of Allotment (on or about)  October 23, 2026  
Date of Allotment (on or about)  October 2 3, 2026  
Date of credit of Rights Equity Shares (on or about)  October 26, 2026  
Date of listing (on or about)  October 27, 2026  
# Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off -market transfer is completed in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements 
are credited to the demat account of the Renouncees on or prior to the Issue Closing Date.  
* Our Board or the Fund Raising  Committee will have the right to extend the Issue Period as it may determine from time to time but not exceeding 30 days from 
the Issue Opening Date (inclusive of the Issue Opening Date). Further, no withdrawal of Application shall be permitted by any  Applicant afte r the Issue Closing 
Date . 
The above schedule is indicative and does not constitute any obligation on our Company.  
Please note that if Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on the Record Date, 
have not provided the details of their demat accounts to our Company or to the Registrar, they are required to 
provide their demat account details to our Company or the Registrar not later than two clear Working Days prior 
to the Issue Closing  Date,  to enable the credit of the Rights Entitlements by way of transfer from the demat 
suspense escrow account to their respective demat accounts, at least one day before the Issue Closing Date. Such 
Eligible Equity Shareholders holding shares in physical form can update the details of their respective demat 
accounts on the website of the Registrar  at https://rights.kfintech.com/ . Such Eligible Equity Shareholders can 
make an Application only after the Rights Entitlements is credited to their respective demat accounts.  
Investors are advised to ensure that the Application Forms are submitted on or before the Issue Closing Date. Our 
Company or the Registrar will not be liable for any loss on account of non -submission of Application Forms on 
or before the Issue Closing Date . Further, it is also encouraged that the applications are submitted well in advance 
before Issue Closing Date. For details on submitting Application Forms, see “ Terms of the Issue – Process of 
making an Application in the Issue ” on page 85. 
The details of the Rights Entitlements with respect to each Eligible Equity Shareholders can be accessed by such 
respective Eligible Equity Shareholders on the website of the Registrar at  https://rights.kfintech.com/  after keying 
in their respective details along with other security control measures implemented thereat. For further details, see 
“Terms of the Issue – Credit of Rights Entitlements in demat accounts of Eligible Equity Shareholders ” on page 
98. 
Please note that if no Application is made by the Eligible Equity Shareholders of Rights Entitlements on or before 
the Issue Closing Date, such Rights Entitlements shall lapse and shall be extinguished after the Issue Closing 
Date. No Rights Equity Shares for such lapsed Rights Entitlements will be credited, even if such Rights 
Entitlements were purchased from market and the purchaser will lose the premium paid to acquire the Rights 
Entitlements. Persons who are credited the Rights Entitlements are required  to make an application to apply for 
Rights Equity Shares offered under the Issue for subscribing to the Rights Equity Shares offered under the Issue.  
Credit Rating  
As the Issue is of Equity Shares, there is no credit rating required for the Issue.  
Debenture Trustee  
As the Issue is of Equity Shares, the appointment of a debenture trustee is not required.   
Monitoring Agency  
Our Company has appointed  Crisil Ratings Limited  to monitor the utilization of the Gross Proceeds in terms of 
Regulation 82 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.  
Crisil Ratings Limited  
 
 
50 
 Lightbridge IT Park  
Saki Vihar Road  
Andheri East, Mumbai – 400 072  
Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 22 3342 3000  
Contact Person : Shounak Chakravarty  
E-mail : crisilratingdesk@crisil.com  
Website : www.crisilratings.com  
Appraising Entity  
None of the purposes for which the Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilized have been financially appraised by 
any banks or financial institution or any other independent agency.  
Minimum Subscription  
In accordance with Regulation 86(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the requirement of minimum subscription 
of 90% shall be  applicable to the Rights Issue. In the event the minimum subscription is not received, the Company 
shall refund the entire application  monies received, in accordance with Regulation 86(2) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, forthwith and in any case not later than four (4)  days from the date of closure of the Rights Issue.  
In case the Rights Issue remains unsubscribed and / or minimum subscription is not achieved; the Board of 
Directors may dispose of  such unsubscribed portion in the best interest of the Company and the Equity 
Shareholders and in compliance with the applicable  laws.  
Underwriting  
This Issue is not underwritten . 
Filing  
The Draft  Letter of Offer  was filed with the S tock Exchanges for their approva l. This Letter of Offer  is being  filed 
with the Stock Exchanges and with the SEBI  for information and dissemination  at its head office  situated at : 
SEBI Head Office  
SEBI Bhavan  
Plot No. C4-A, “G” Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400  051 
 
 
 
 
51 
 CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
The share capital of our Company as at the date of this Letter of Offer  and the details of the Rights Equity Shares 
proposed to be issued in the Issue, and the issued, subscribed and paid -up share capital after the Issue is as set 
forth below : 
(In ₹, except otherwise specified ) 
 Particulars  Aggregate Value at  
Face Value  Aggregate Value at 
Issue Price  
A AUTHORISED  SHARE  CAPITAL  
  225,000,000 Equity Shares of face value ₹2 each  450,000,000  NA 
 
B ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID -UP SHARE CAPITAL BEFORE THE ISSUE  
 179,109,870 Equity Shares of face value ₹2 each  358,219,740  NA 
 
C PRESENT ISSUE IN TERMS OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER  
 Up to 17,058,082  Rights Equity Shares of ₹2 each(1) Up to 34,116,164  Up to ₹12,794  
million(2) 
 
D ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID -UP SHARE CAPITAL AFTER THE ISSUE(1)(2) 
 Issued share capital  
 196,167,952  Equity Shares of ₹ 2 each 392,335,904  NA 
 Subscribed and paid -up share capital  
 179,109,870  fully paid -up Equity Shares  358,219,740  NA 
 17,058,082  Rights Equity Shares  34,116,164  NA 
 
SECURITIES PREMIUM ACCOUNT  
Before the Issue  ₹12,019  million  
After the Issue (3) ₹24,779 million  
(1) The Issue has been authorised by our Board pursuant to a resolution dated September 9, 2026 . The terms of the Issue including the Record 
Date and Rights Entitlement ratio  have been approved by the Board pursuant to a resolution dated September 25, 2026 . 
(2) Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.  
 
Notes to the Capital Structure   
1. Shareholding pattern of our Company as per the last filing with the Stock Exchanges in compliance 
with the provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations   
a) The shareholding pattern of our Company as on June 30 , 202 6, can be accessed on the website 
of BSE at https://www.bseindia.com/stock -share -price/natco -pharma -ltd/natcopharm/524816 ; 
and NSE at  https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/corporate -filings -shareholding -
pattern ; 
b) The statement showing holding of Equity Shares of persons belonging to the category 
“Promoters and Promoter Group” including the details of lock -in, pledge of and encumbrance 
thereon, as on June 30 , 202 6, can be accessed on the website of BSE a t 
https://www.bseindia.com/stock -share -price/natco -pharma -ltd/natcopharm/524816 ; and NSE 
at https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/corporate -filings -shareholding -pattern ; and  
c) The statement showing holding of securities (including Equity Shares, warrants, convertible 
securities) of persons belonging to the category “Public” including Equity Shareholders holding 
more than 1% of the total number of Equity Shares as on June 30, 202 6, can be accessed on the 
website of BSE at https://www.bseindia.com/stock -share -price/natco -pharma -
ltd/natcopharm/524816 ; and on the website of NSE at https://www.nseindia.com/companies -
listing/corporate -filings -shareholding -pattern . 
2. No Equity Shares or convertible securities have been acquired by our Promoters or members of our 
Promoter Group in the last one year immediately preceding the date of filing of this Letter of Offer . 
3. Our Company does not have any employee stock option scheme as on the date of this Letter of Offer . 
 
4. The ex -rights price of the Equity Shares as per regulation 10(4)(b) of the SEBI Takeover Regulations is 
₹889.62 .  
 
 
52 
  
5. The Issue Price is 375 times the face value of the Equity Share.  
 
6. Our Company shall ensure that any transaction in the specified securities by our Promoters and members 
of our Promoter Group during the period between the date of filing this Letter of Offer  and the date of 
closure of the Issue shall be reported to the Stock Exchanges within 24 hours of such transaction.  
7. At any given time, there shall be only one denomination of the Equity Shares of our Company.  
8. There are no outstanding options or convertible securities, including any outstanding warrants or rights 
to convert debentures, loans or other instruments convertible into our Equity Shares as on the date of this 
Letter of Offer.  
9. All Equity Shares are fully paid -up and there are no partly paid -up Equity Shares as on the date of this 
Letter of Offer . Further, the Rights Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Issue, shall be fully paid -up. 
For further details on the terms of the Issue, please see “ Terms of the Issue ” on page 83. 
10. Our Company has not issued any Equity Shares for consideration other than cash  in the one year 
preceding the date of filing of this Letter of Offer . 
11. Details of the Equity Shareholders holding more than 1% of the issued and paid -up share capital 
of our Company   
The table below sets forth details of Equity Shareholders holding more than 1% of the issued and paid -
up share capital of our Company, as on June 30 , 202 6:  
Sr. 
No Name of the Equity Shareholders  Number of Equity 
Shares held  Percentage of 
Equity Shares 
held (%)  
1.  Venkaiah Chowdary Nannapaneni  28,045,905  15.66  
2.  Time Cap Pharma Labs Private Limited  17,175,420  9.59 
3.  Venkata Satya Swathi Kantamani  15,933,340  8.90 
4.  Natsoft Information Systems Pvt Ltd  15,784,900  8.81 
5.  Belgrave Investment Fund  4,145,000  2.31 
6.  Vistra ITCL India Limited A/c Neelima Nannapaneni 
Trust  4,082,750  2.28 
7.  Life Insurance Corporation of India  4,009,317  2.24 
8.  Durga Devi Nannapaneni  3,539,100  1.98 
9.  Akash Bhanshali  1,800,788  1.01 
 
 
 
53 
 OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE  
The Issue comprises up to 17,058,082  Rights Equity Shares of face value ₹2 each, for cash at a price of ₹ 750 per 
Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ 748 per Rights Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹ 12,794  million. 
For details, see “ Summary of Letter of Offer ” and “ Terms of the Issue ” on pages 42 and 83, respectively.  
 
Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds from the Issue towards funding the following objects:  
 
1. Pre-payment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company;  
 
2. Funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and development initiatives of our Company , 
including funding costs of employees in our research and development team ; and  
 
3. Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general 
corporate purposes . 
 
(collectively, referred to as the “ Objects ”) 
 
The main objects and objects incidental and ancillary to the main objects, as set out in our Memorandum of 
Association, enable our Company to undertake our existing business activities and the activities for which funds 
are being raised through the Issue.  
 
In addition, our Company expects to receive the benefits of the continued listing of the Rights Equity Shares on 
the Stock Exchanges.  
 
Net Proceeds  
 
The details of the proceeds from the Issue are summarised in the following table:  
 
Particulars  Estimated amount (in ₹ million)  
Gross Proceeds from the Issue(1) 12,79 4 
(Less) Issue related expenses(2) 204 
Net Proceeds(1) 12,590  
(1) Assuming full subscription in the Issue and Allotment of the Rights Equity Shares. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotm ent. 
(2) For details, see “ – Estimated Issue Expenses” on page 61. 
 
Utilisation of Net Proceeds  
 
Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds in the manner set forth in the table below:  
 
S. 
No. Particulars  Estimated 
amount  
(in ₹ million) 
1.  Pre-payment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our 
Company  8,105  
2.  Funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and development initiatives of our Company, 
including funding costs of employees in our research and development team  1,100 
3.  Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and 
general  corporate purposes(1) 3,385  
 Net Proceeds (1) 12,590  
(1) Assuming full subscription in the Issue and Allotment of the Rights Equity Shares. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotm ent. The 
amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes and towards funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions a nd other 
strategic initiatives shall together not exceed 35% of the Issue Proceeds, out of which the amount to be utilised towa rds either of general 
corporate purposes or funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, shall not e xceed 25% 
of the Issue Proceeds.  
 
Proposed schedule of implementation and  deployment of Net Proceeds  
 
The following table sets forth the details of the schedule of the expected deployment of the Net Proceeds:  
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 (in ₹ millions)  
S. 
No. Particulars  Total amount to be 
funded from Net 
Proceeds (1) Estimated deployment 
of Net Proceeds in  
Fiscal 
2027  Fiscal 
2028  
1.  Prepayment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding 
borrowings availed by our Company  8,105  8,105  - 
2.  Funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and 
development initiatives of our Company, including funding costs 
of employees in our research and development team  1,100 700 400 
3.  Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and 
other strategic initiatives and general  corporate purposes(1) 3,385  2,539  846 
 Net Proceeds (1)  12,590  11,344  1,246  
(1) Assuming full subscription in the Issue and Allotment of the Rights Equity Shares. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotm ent. The amount 
to be utilised for general corporate purposes and towards funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and othe r strategic 
initiatives shall together not exceed 35% of the Issue Proceeds, out of which the amount to be utilised towa rds either of general corporate 
purposes or funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, shall not exceed 25% of the Issue 
Proceeds.   
 
The fund ing requirements, deployment of funds and the intended use of the Net Proceeds as described in this 
Letter of Offer are based on our current business plan, management estimates, prevailing market conditions, 
current circumstances of our business and other com mercial considerations, which are subject to change and may 
not be within the control of our management. However, such fund ing requirements and deployment of funds have 
not been appraised by any  external agency or any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency.  
For further description of the risks involved in this regard, see “ Risk Factors – Our funding requirements and 
proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and have not been independently 
appraised and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control ” on page 
31. 
 
We may have to revise our funding requirements and deployment, as required, on account of internal factors such 
as our business and growth strategies and other external factors such as changes in the business environment, 
competition and interest rate fluctuations, costs and other charges, competitive and regulatory landscape and our 
ability to identify and con summate new business initiatives which may or may not be within the control of our 
management.  This may entail rescheduling or revising the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds and changing 
the allocation of funds from its planned allocation at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance 
with applicable laws.  
 
Subject to applicable law, if the actual utilisation towards any of the Objects is lower than the proposed 
deployment, such balance will be used towards other objects of the Issue, provided that the cumulative amount to 
be utilised for funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and general corporate purposes shall 
not exceed 35% of the Issue Proceeds,  out of which the amount to be utilised towards either of general corporate 
purposes or funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, shall not 
exceed 25% of the Issue Proceeds.  
 
Further, in case of variation in the actual utilisation of funds earmarked for the purposes set forth above, increased 
funding requirements for a particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of the 
other purposes for which funds are being raised in the Issue. To the extent our Company is unable to utilise any 
portion of the Net Proceeds toward s the aforementioned Objects, as per the estimated schedule of deployment 
specified above, our Company shall deploy the Net Proceeds in subsequent Fiscal towards the aforementioned 
Objects, in accordance with applicable laws.  
 
Means of Finance  
 
The entire fund requirements for our Objects are proposed to be funded from the Net Proceeds and internal 
accruals. Accordingly, we confirm that there are no requirements to make firm arrangements of finance through 
verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, in addition to the Net Proceeds, under 
Regulation 62(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulation s. Subject to applicable law, in case of a shortfall in raising 
requisite capital from the Net Proceeds or an increase in the total estimated cost of the Objects, business 
considerations may require us to explore a range of options including utilising our internal accruals and seeking 
additional debt from existing and future lenders.  
 
Details of the Objects  
 
 
55 
  
1. Prepayment or repayment of all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company   
 
Our Company has entered into various financing arrangements from time to time with banks and non -banking 
financial companies. The financing arrangements entered into by our Company include, inter alia , a rupee term 
loan availed by way of a corporate loan, an overdraft facility against fixed deposits and a loan against a corporate 
deposit.  
 
As at August 31, 2026, our total outstanding borrowings aggregated to ₹ 9,543  million on a consolidated basis, 
comprising both secured and unsecured, short term and long term, including current maturities of long-term 
borrowings . 
 
We believe that the proposed pre -payment or repayment of these borrowings will help our Company reduce its 
outstanding indebtedness and debt servicing costs, assist us in maintaining a favourable debt -to-equity ratio, assist 
in improving certain of our key financial parameters, including our debt service coverage ratio, and enable 
utilisation of our internal ac cruals for further investment in the growth and expansion of our business. In addition, 
we believe that the resulting improvement in the strength of our balance sheet and our leverage capacity will 
enable us to raise further capital or financing in the fut ure on competitive terms, to fund potential business 
development opportunities and our plans to grow and expand our business in the coming years.  
 
Our Company proposes to pre -pay or repay, either in full or in part, any of the following borrowings, including 
any combination thereof, subject to the terms and conditions set out above. The following table provides the 
details of the borrowings availed b y our Company as at August 31, 2026, which we propose to pre -pay or repay, 
either in full or in part, up to an amount aggregating to ₹8,105 million from the Net Proceeds:  
 
 
 
 
56 
 Sr. 
No. Name of the 
lender  Date of 
sanction / 
renewal 
letter  Date of 
disbursement  Nature of 
borrowing  Amount 
sanctioned (₹ 
in million)   Amount 
drawn down 
(₹ in million)   Amount 
outstanding as 
at August 31, 
2026  (₹ in 
million)   Rate of interest 
(% per annum)  Repayment schedule 
and tenor  Pre-payment conditions / 
penalty  
1.  State Bank of 
India  June 25, 2025  October 28, 
2025  Rupee term loan 
(corporate loan)  6,000  4,000  3,000  One-month 
MCLR with nil 
spread, being an 
effective rate of 
8.20% per 
annum, with 
monthly rests 
and monthly 
reset of spread  Door -to-door tenor of 
18 months. Repayable 
in quarterly 
instalments.  Pre-closure charges are 
waived where the term loan is 
pre-paid after the expiry of 
six months from the date of 
first disbursement out of 
internal accruals or an 
infusion of equity. In the 
event of a takeover of the 
loan, a charge of 2.00% of the 
amount pre -paid is payable  
2.  IndusInd Bank 
Limited  July 27, 2026  July 31, 2026 – 
₹ 1,000 million 
and August 18, 
2026  – ₹ 1,000 
million  Overdraft against 
fixed deposits 
(fund based)  2,500  2,000  2,000  6.95% + 0.50% 
for ₹1,000 
million and 
6.99% + 0.50% 
for ₹1,000 
million  Repayable on demand. 
Tenor of one year from 
the date of sanction or 
until the maturity of the 
underlying fixed 
deposit, whichever is 
earlier.  The lender is entitled to 
demand pre -payment upon 
the occurrence of a default 
under the facility or under 
any facility availed from any 
other bank or financial 
institution, or upon any 
material adverse change 
affecting our business or 
financial position  
3.  Bajaj Finance 
Limited  July 6, 2026  July 9, 2026  Term loan against 
corporate deposit  3,105  3,105  3,105  7.75% per 
annum (fixed), 
computed on a 
written down 
value basis  Tenor of seven months 
and 13 days. Bullet 
repayment of principal 
together with interest 
on the date of maturity 
of the underlying 
corporate deposit.  Nil 
Total  11,605  9,105 8,105   
 
 
 
 
57 
 There have been no instance s of delays, defaults, and rescheduling/ restructuring of the aforementioned 
borrowings of our Company.  
 
The selection of borrowings proposed to be prepaid or repaid out of the borrowings provided in the table above, 
shall be based on various factors including (i) any condition (including prepayment related conditions) attached 
to the borrowings restricting o ur ability to prepay the borrowings and time taken to fulfil such requirements; (ii) 
other commercial considerations including, among others, the interest rate on the loans and/or facilities, the 
amount of the loan outstanding and the remaining tenor of th e loan; (iii) terms and conditions of consents for 
prepayment from the respective lenders and waivers required, if any; (iv) levy of any prepayment 
penalties/premium and the quantum thereof and other related costs; (v) nature and/or repayment schedule of 
borrowings; and (vi) provisions of any laws, rules and regulations governing such borrowings. Pursuant to the 
terms of the borrowing arrangements, prepayment of certain indebtedness may attract prepayment charges as 
prescribed by the respective lender. Paym ent of additional interest, prepayment penalty or premium, if any, and 
other related costs shall be made by us out of the internal accruals or out of the Net Proceeds as may be decided 
by our Company.  
 
Given the nature of the above -mentioned borrowings and the terms of repayment/pre -payment, the aggregate 
outstanding borrowing amounts which we propose to repay may vary from time to time. However, the aggregate 
amount to be utilized from the Net Proceeds towards pre -payment or repayment of borrowings (including 
refinanced or additional facilities availed, if any), in part or full, will not exceed ₹8,105 million.  
 
For the purposes of the Issue, our Company has obtained necessary consent from its lenders, as is respectively 
required under the relevant facility documentation for undertaking activities in relation to this Issue and for the 
deployment of the Net Proceed s towards the Objects.  
 
2. Funding a portion of the expenditure towards research and development initiatives of our Company, 
including funding costs of employees in our research and development team  
 
Our Company proposes to utilise an estimated amount of up to ₹1, 100 million from the Net Proceeds towards 
funding expenditure on the research and development initiatives of our Company. The proposed deployment of 
the Net Proceeds towards this Object has been determined on the basis of the research and development 
expend iture historically incurred by our Company, our current areas of research focus and our outlook towards 
future research and development expenditure, each as described below.  
 
We develop, manufacture and market finished dosage formulations and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Our 
research and development (“ R&D ”) activities support the development of complex generic products, the filing of 
abbreviated new drug applications and drug master files in the jurisdictions in which we operate, the development 
of active pharmaceutical ingredients for third -party sale and  for captive consumption in our finished dosage 
formulation operations, and the development of new chemical entities. Our R&D activities span synthetic 
chemistry, analytical sciences, formulation development, process engineering, novel drug delivery system s, 
technology transfer and new drug discovery.  
 
Research and development facilities  
 
Our Company operates two R&D facilities, being the NATCO Research Centre at Sanathnagar, Hyderabad, 
Telangana, and a research centre at Kothur, Telangana. Our R&D facilities have capabilities across synthetic 
chemistry, nanopharmaceuticals, drug discovery,  cell biology, molecular modelling and clinical research. Our 
novel drug delivery systems division, located at the NATCO Research Centre, supports the development of 
liposomes, nanoparticles, microparticulate systems, controlled -release systems and long -acting injectables. As at 
March 31, 2026, around 500 scientists, associates and other employees were engaged in the research and 
development teams at the NATCO Research Centre and at our research centre at Kothur. During Fiscal 2026, we 
made investments in specialised technology platforms, scientific experti se and research infrastructure directed 
towards oligonucleotide synthesis, purification and analytical evaluation, and towards peptide development 
capabilities. For further details, please see “ Summary of Letter of Offer – Summary of the business of the Company  
– Research and Development ” on page 43. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, we had filed 299 patent applications in India, of which 116 have been granted, and 329 
patent applications in other jurisdictions, of which 217 have been granted. We have  45+ approved abbreviated 
new drug applications with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  and 25+ products in our pipeline . We have 
also made  28 Paragraph IV applications, of which 17 have received tentative or final approval. We also maintained 
 
 
58 
 51 active drug master files in the United States of America and 12 certificates of suitability to the monographs of 
the European pharmacopoeia (“ CEPs ”) issued by the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines and 
HealthCare.  
 
Break -up of historical expenditure on research and development  
 
The following table sets forth the break -up, by category, of the expenditure incurred by our Company towards 
R&D, on a standalone basis, in the Fiscals indicated:  
(in ₹ million)  
Category  Fiscal 2026  Fiscal 2025  Fiscal 2024  
Capital equipment  192 498 313 
Employee costs  648 645 585 
Materials(1) 939 1,213  465 
Utilities(2) 37 41 37 
Bio-equivalence and clinical studies  429 447 801 
Other R&D expenditure(3) 1,842  890 653 
Total R&D expenditure  4,086  3,733  2,854  
Standalone revenue  35,946  40,945  35,689  
R&D expenditure as a percentage of 
standalone revenue (%)  11.37  9.12 8.00 
Consolidated revenue  40,783  44,295  39,988  
R&D expenditure as a percentage of 
consolidated revenue (%)  10.02  8.43 7.14 
(1) Materials comprises raw materials, packing materials, stores and spares, materials consumed in validation batches and write -offs of R&D 
raw materials.  
(2) Utilities comprises electricity, water, and generator fuel and maintenance.  
(3) Other R&D expenditure comprises analysis charges, other R&D operating expenses, repairs and maintenance of buildings and mach inery, 
staff welfare, provident fund administration expenses, printing and stationery, security charges and other miscellaneous ex penses.  
 
Current areas of research focus  
 
The current areas of research focus for our Company comprise complex generics, specialty oncology products, 
high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients, peptides, oligonucleotides, long -acting injectables, liposomal 
drug delivery systems and antibody dr ug conjugate -enabling technologies. Within generic research, our activities 
are directed towards process research, including the development of novel chemistry, novel routes of synthesis 
and polymorphs; cost -effective technology development, including tech nology indigenisation and import 
substitution; and the adoption of greener and safer technologies and reagents.  
 
Our R&D efforts have supported the commercialisation of complex products, including pegylated liposomal 
doxorubicin, which is marketed in India, and have supported the development of Amphotericin -B liposomes, 
irinotecan liposomes, dual -drug liposomal syste ms and octreotide microspheres.  
 
The following table sets forth details of certain key products launched by our Company in the United States:  
Product  Description  Fiscal of launch  
Lenalidomide capsules 2.5 mg 
and 20 mg  Immunomodulatory agent indicated for multiple myeloma  Fiscal 2024  
Everolimus tablets 1 mg, 2.5 
mg, 5 mg and 10 mg  Immunosuppressant indicated for organ transplantation  Fiscal 2024 to Fiscal 
2026  
Everolimus tablets for oral 
suspension  Immunosuppressant and oncology agent  Fiscal 2025  
ABiraterone  Treating specific types of advanced prostate cancer  Fiscal 2025  
Pomalidomide capsules  Immunomodulatory agent indicated for multiple myeloma  Fiscal 2026  
Carfilzomib injection  Treatment of patients with relapsed multiple myeloma  Fiscal 2026  
Eltrombopag tablets  Treatment of thrombocytopenia  Fiscal 2026  
 
 
59 
  
The product development pipeline for the United States market includes products in respect of which we have 
made or propose to make Paragraph IV filings and first -to-file applications, and includes specialty and oncology 
products such as semaglutide, apixa ban, olaparib, pomalidomide and carfilzomib. Our new chemical entity 
pipeline includes NRC -2694 -A, an orally administered small -molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor discovered and 
developed by our Company for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic head and  neck cancer in patients who have 
progressed on pembrolizumab.  
 
We propose to apply the Net Proceeds allocated to this Object towards  funding a portion  of expenditure for the 
following areas of R&D activity over Fiscals 2027 and 2028:  
(i) the development of complex generic products, and the associated process research covering novel chemistry, 
novel routes of synthesis, polymorph development, technology indigenisation and import substitution;  
(ii) the development of formulations employing our novel drug delivery systems platforms, including liposomes, 
nanoparticles, microparticulate systems, controlled -release systems and long -acting injectables, supported 
by our spray drying, hot melt extrusion, pr ecision coating, melt encapsulation, high -pressure 
homogenisation, liposomal extrusion, lyophilisation and microsphere manufacturing capabilities;  
(iii) the development of peptide and oligonucleotide products, including the building of our capabilities in 
relation to oligopeptides, supported by solid -phase and solution -phase synthesis, purification platforms and 
molecular characterisation;  
(iv) the development of high -potency active pharmaceutical ingredients and specialty oncology products, and the 
development of active pharmaceutical ingredients for third -party sale and for captive consumption in our 
finished dosage formulation operations;  
(v) raw material and laboratory expenses for R&D;  
(vi) exhibit and validation batches for R&D;  
(vii) the conduct of bio -equivalence and clinical studies, and the preparation and filing of abbreviated new drug 
applications, drug master files and other regulatory dossiers in the jurisdictions in which we operate;  
(viii) the progression of our new chemical entity programme, including the Phase 2 clinical trials; and  
(ix) funding employee costs for the R&D teams.  
 
Our Company has estimated that an amount of ₹1, 100 million shall be utilized out of the Net Proceeds for 
expenditure on our R&D initiatives over Fiscals 2027 and 2028. The proposed schedule of deployment of such 
amount is set forth below:  
(in ₹ million)  
Category  Fiscal 2027  Fiscal 2028  Total  
Investment in research and development  700 400 1,100 
 
The proposed deployment set out above is based on the R&D expenditure historically incurred by our Company 
as set out above, our current areas of research focus and our outlook towards future R&D expenditure. The 
expenditure historically incurred by our Co mpany on R&D may not be fully reflective of the expenditure required 
to be incurred by our Company on the areas of R&D activity set out above, on account of the nature and stage of 
the development programmes concerned, the technologies and therapeutic area s to which they relate and the 
regulatory pathways applicable to them. The balance funds required towards our R&D expenditure will be funded 
out of our internal accruals.  
 
Our expenditure on R&D is subject to a number of internal and external factors, including our business 
requirements from time to time, the outcome of our development programmes, the timelines for regulatory filings 
and approvals, the availability of qualif ied scientific and technical personnel, and developments in the therapeutic 
areas and technologies in which we operate. Accordingly, the actual expenditure incurred, the categories in which 
it is incurred and the Fiscals in which it is incurred may vary fr om the deployment set out above. To the extent 
that the Net Proceeds are not deployed, in whole or in part, against this Object in the Fiscals set out above, such 
amounts may be deployed in subsequent Fiscals, in accordance with applicable law. For risks i n relation to our 
R&D activities, see “ Risk Factors – We expend a significant amount of resources on research and development, 
and if our research and development efforts do not succeed, or do not lead to successful product introductions, it 
could adversely affect our business, prospects and re sults of operations ” and “ Risk Factors – Our business 
depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified scientists, technical personnel, regulatory 
professionals, and other skilled employees. Our inability to retain key personnel or recruit suitably qualified 
 
 
60 
 employees may adversely affect our research and development activities, regulatory approvals, manufacturing 
operations and growth ” on pages 21 and 25, respectively.  
 
Further, we do not require any further approvals from any governmental authority in relation to this Object at this 
stage, and we will apply for all such approvals as may be required at the relevant stages. In the event of any delay 
in the receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule of deployment of the Net Proceeds towards this Object 
may be extended or may vary accordingly.  
 
3. Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general 
corporate purposes  
 
We propose to utilize ₹ 3,385  million of the Net Proceeds towards funding inorganic growth through unidentified 
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes, in a manner as approved by our Board 
from time to time, subject to such amount proposed to be ut ilised for (a) funding inorganic growth through 
unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives ; and (b) general corporate purposes, together not exceeding 
35% of the Issue Proceeds, in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, out of which the amount to be utilised 
towards either of (a) general corporate purposes or (b) funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions 
and other strategic initiatives, shall not exceed 25% of the Issue Proceeds.  
 
(a) Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives  
 
In addition to growing our business organically, our Company has in the past undertaken acquisitions and we shall 
continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities in the future in pursuance of our strategic business objectives and 
growth strategies. The tabl e below summarizes the key acquisitions that we have undertaken in the past, as on the 
date of this Letter of Offer:  
 
Name of entity  Description 
of 
acquisition  Country of 
incorporation  Amount 
involved (in ₹ 
million)  Financial year 
of acquisition  Acquisition rationale  
Adcock Ingram 
Holdings 
Proprietary 
Limited  
 Acquisition 
of 49% 
shareholding  South Africa  ZAR 5,702 
billion 
(equivalent to ₹ 
30,561 
million)(1) 2026 -2027  Strategic investment with an objective 
of expanding geographic al footprint in 
South Africa  
Dash 
Pharmaceuticals 
LLC (now 
known as 
NATCO 
Pharma USA 
LLC)  Acquisition 
of 100% 
stake United States 
of America  USD 18 
million 
(equivalent to ₹ 
1,337 
million)(2) 2021 -2022  To have a direct front -end marketing 
footprint in the United States of 
America  
(1) Based on the prevailing ZAR to INR exchange rate of ₹5.36 per ZAR . 
(2) Based on the prevailing USD to INR exchange rate of ₹74.30 per USD . 
 
Potential acquisitions and/or investments will be evaluated based on the broad framework and indicative selective 
criteria which includes the following:  
 
• Established front -end presence: Brand recognition and an established, direct -to-market commercial 
infrastructure of the target entity within its resident country;  
• Access to high -barrier emerging markets: Entry into major, stable emerging markets characterized by 
complex local regulatory frameworks that naturally limit low -cost competition;  
• Value chain transformation: Enable our Company to gain access as a front -end generic marketer and 
distributor;  
• Strategic and portfolio alignment: Target entity must deliver clear synergies regarding geographic 
expansion, product pipelines, and therapeutic focus areas;  
• Complementary product offerings: Robust portfolio of the target entity comprising of branded or 
unbranded products or generic formulations that seamlessly complement and extend our Company’s 
existing product lines and  
• Frontier biotech optionality: Screening of the target entity may include early -stage, high -potential 
biotechnology firms for minority stakes to secure next -generation scientific capabilities.  
 
 
61 
  
However, these above -mentioned criteria are indicative in nature and are not the sole criteria for identification of 
a potential acquisition target, and our Company may decide to acquire any potential company or undertaking, 
basis the criteria that they de em fit.  
 
Our acquisition strategy is primarily driven by our Board and the typical framework and process that would be 
followed by us for acquisitions will involve identifying the strategic acquisitions based on the rationale set out 
above, entering into requisite non-disclosure agreements and conducting diligence of the target. On satisfactory 
conclusion of the diligence exercise, we will enter into definitive agreements to acquire the target based on the 
approval of our Board and the shareholders, if required. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, we have not entered 
into any definitive agreements towards any future acquisitions or strategic initiatives for the object set out above.  
 
We will evaluate inorganic growth opportunities, keeping in line with our strategy to grow and develop our market 
share or to add new product and service offerings. We may consider opportunities for inorganic growth, such as 
through mergers and acquisition s, to acquire new centres, expanding into new geographies, consolidate our market 
position in our existing lines of business, add new product and service offerings, achieve operating leverage in 
key markets by unlocking potential efficiency and synergy ben efits, and enhance our depth of experience, 
knowledge -base and know -how.  
 
Deployment of funds depends on acquisition timing, size, and overall financial condition. We may invest directly 
or through subsidiaries via equity, debt, or other instruments, and deals could involve transfer of assets or 
technology, or creation of joint ventures. Our management may pursue acquisition of minority stakes or majority 
control, or creation of joint ventures, to foster inorganic growth. Issue  Proceeds allocated for acquisitions may not 
cover the aggregate value of such an acquisition but is expected to provide sufficient financial leverage. In the 
event that there is a shortfall of funds required for such acquisitions, such shortfall shall be met out of the portion 
of the Net Proceeds allocated for general corporate purposes and/or through our internal accruals or debt financing 
or any combination thereof. See “ Risk Factors – We propose to utilise a portion of the Issue Proceeds to undertake 
inorganic growth and acquisitions for which the target may not be identified. Any risk in completing such 
transaction may adversely affect our competitiveness and growth projects ” on page 19. 
 
(b) General Corporate Purposes  
 
We propose to utilise a portion  of the Net Proceeds towards general corporate purposes and the business 
requirements of our Company, as approved by the Board, from time to time, subject to such utilisation for general 
corporate purposes not exceeding 25% of the Issue Proceeds, in compli ance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.  
 
The general corporate purposes for which our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds include, without 
limitation, (i) meeting ongoing general corporate expenses, contingencies and exigencies and business 
requirements of our Company; (ii) expenses incu rred by us in the ordinary course of business; (iii) employee and 
other personnel -expenses incurred by us; (iv) brand building and other marketing expenses; (v) capital expenditure 
and working capital requirements; (vi) advertisement, marketing and sales promotion, and IT upgradation, or (vii) 
any other purpose, as may be approved by our Board or a duly constituted committee thereof from time to time, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, including provisions of the Companies Act . In the event our Company 
is unable to utilise the Net Proceeds towards any of the Objects of the Issue  for any of the reasons as 
aforementioned, our Company may utilise such Net Proceeds towards general corporate purposes, provided that 
the aggregate amount deployed towards general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Issue Proceeds.  
 
The quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will be determined by our management 
from time to time, subject to compliance with applicable law and based on the amount available under this head 
and the business requirements of our Company, from time to time. Our Company’s management shall have 
flexibility in utilising surplus amounts, if any. In the event that we are unable to utilise the entire amount that we 
have currently estimated for use out of Net Proceeds in a Fiscal, we will  utilise such unutilised amount(s) in the 
subsequent Fiscals. Further, the proposed inorganic acquisitions shall be undertaken in accordance with the 
applicable laws, including the Companies Act, FEMA and the regulations notified thereunder, as the case ma y be. 
 
Estimated Issue Expenses  
 
The estimated Issue expenses are as set forth below:  
 
 
 
62 
 Particulars  Estimated expenses* 
(in ₹ million)  As a % of the total 
estimated Issue 
expenses  As a % of the 
total Issue size# 
Fees of the intermediaries and advisors (including 
advisors to the Issue, Banker to the Issue, Registrar to 
the Issue, Auditors, legal advisors, Monitoring 
Agency, Chartered Engineer, and other professional 
service providers, including out of pocket expens es) 156 76.50% 1.22%  
Expenses relating to advertising, marketing, printing 
and distribution of issue stationery, etc.  13 6.22% 0.10%  
Fees payable to regulators, including, depositories, 
Stock Exchanges and SEBI  31 15.25% 0.24%  
Other expenses (including miscellaneous expenses)  4 2.03%  0.03%  
Total estimated Issue expenses*^ 204 100.00% 1.59%  
* Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment and Allotment of the Rights Equity Shares.  In case of any difference between the estimated Issue 
related expenses and actual expenses incurred, the shortfall or excess shall be adjusted with the amount allocated towards ge neral corporate 
purposes. All Issue related expenses will be paid out of the  Issue Proceeds received at the time of receipt of the subscription amount to the 
Rights Equity Shares.  
^ Including  taxes.  
# Assuming full subscription in the Issue.  
 
Interim use of the Net Proceeds  
 
Pending utilization for the purposes described above, our Company shall deposit the Net Proceeds only with one 
or more scheduled commercial banks included in the second schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as 
amended.  
 
Bridge financing facilities  
 
Our Company has not raised any bridge loans from any banks or financial institutions, as on the date of this Letter 
of Offer, which are proposed to be repaid from the Net Proceeds.  
 
Monitoring of utilisation of funds  
 
Our Company has appointed Crisil Ratings Limited as the Monitoring Agency for the Issue for monitoring the 
utilization of the Gross Proceeds from the Issue, including the proceeds proposed to be utilised towards general 
corporate purposes. Our Company unde rtakes to place the Gross Proceeds in a separate bank account which shall 
be monitored by the Monitoring Agency for utilization of the Gross Proceeds. Our Company undertakes to place 
the report(s) of the Monitoring Agency on receipt before the Board of Dir ectors without any delay, till 100% of 
the Gross Proceeds have been utilized. Our Company will disclose the utilization of the Gross Proceeds under a 
separate head in our balance sheet along with the relevant details, for all such amounts that have not bee n utilized. 
Our Company will indicate instances, if any, of unutilized Gross Proceeds in the balance sheet of our Company 
for the relevant Financial Years subsequent to receipt of listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 32(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall, on a quarterly basis, disclose 
to the Audit Committee the uses and applications of the Gross Proceeds, which shall discuss, monitor and approve 
the use of the Gross Proceeds a long with our Board. Further, pursuant to Regulation 32(5) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, our Company shall, on an annual basis, prepare a statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in this Letter of Offer and place it before the Au dit Committee and make other disclosures as may be 
required until such time as the Gross Proceeds have been utilised in full. The statement shall be certified by a peer 
reviewed chartered accountant appointed by  our Company, which shall be submitted by our Company with the 
Monitoring Agency.  
 
Furthermore, in accordance with Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, our Company shall furnish to 
the Stock Exchanges on a quarterly basis, a statement indicating (i) deviations, if any, in the actual utilization of 
the proceeds of the Issue f rom the Objects as stated above; and (ii) details of category wise variations in the actual 
utilization of the proceeds of the Issue from the Objects as stated above. This information will also be published 
on our website and explanation for such variation  (if any) will be included in our Director’s report, after placing 
the same before the Audit Committee.   
 
Strategic or financial partners  
 
 
 
63 
 There are no strategic or financial partners to the Company for the proposed Objects of the Issue.  
 
Appraising Entity  
 
None of the Objects for which the Net Proceeds will be utilised have been appraised by any agency, including any 
bank or financial institution.  
 
Other confirmations  
 
No part of the proceeds of the Issue will be paid by our Company to our Promoters, members of the Promoter 
Group, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or members of Senior Management.  
 
Our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and Directors do not have any interest in the Objects of the Issue 
and there are no material existing or anticipated transactions in relation to utilisation of the Net Proceeds with our 
Promoters, members of the  Promoter Group, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, members of the Senior 
Management, Subsidiaries or Associates.  
 
Our Company does not require any material government and regulatory approvals in relation to the Objects of the 
Issue.  
 
 
 
 
64 
 STATEMENT OF SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS  
The Board of Directors  
NATCO Pharma Limited  
NATCO House  
Banjara Hills  
Hyderabad – 500034  
Telangana, India  
 
Statement of possible special tax benefits (“the Statement”) available to NATCO Pharma Limited (“the 
Company”) and its shareholders, prepared to company with the requirement under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended 
(“the SEBI ICDR Regulations”)  
 
This report is issued in accordance with the Engagement Letter dated 2 September 2026.  
 
We hereby report that the enclosed Annexure I prepared by the Company, initialed by us for identification purpose, 
states the possible special tax benefits available to the Company and its shareholders, under direct and indirect 
taxes (together the “ Tax Laws ”), presently in force in India as on the signing date, which are defined in Annexure 
II (List of Direct and Indirect Tax Laws (‘Tax Laws’)) prepared by the Company, initialed by us for identification 
purpose. These possible special tax benefits are depend ent on the Company and its shareholders fulfilling the 
conditions prescribed under the relevant provisions of the Tax Laws. Hence, the ability of the Company and its 
shareholders to derive these possible special tax benefits is dependent upon their fulfill ing such conditions, which 
is based on business imperatives the Company may face in the future and accordingly, the Company and its 
shareholders may or may not choose to fulfill.  
 
The benefits discussed in the enclosed Annexure I cover the possible special tax benefits available to the Company 
and its shareholders and do not cover any general tax benefits available to the Company and its shareholders. 
Further, the preparation of the  enclosed Annexure I and its contents is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company. We were informed that the Statement is only intended to provide general information to the investors 
and is neither designed nor intended to be a substitute for p rofessional tax advice. In view of the individual nature 
of the tax consequences and the changing Tax Laws, each investor is advised to consult his or her own tax 
consultant with respect to the specific tax implications arising out of their participation i n the proposed offer of 
equity shares of the Company (the “ Proposed Offer ”) particularly in view of the fact that certain recently enacted 
legislation may not have a direct legal precedent or may have a different interpretation on the possible special tax 
benefits, which an investor can avail. Neither we are suggesting nor advi sing the investors to invest money based 
on the Statement.  
 
We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special 
Purposes (Revised 2016) (“ Guidance Note ”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The 
Guidance Note requires that we comply with ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Our scope of work did not involve performance  of any audit test in this context 
of our examination. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.  
 
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality 
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial information, and Other Assurance and 
Related Services Engagements.  
 
We do not express any opinion or provide any assurance as to whether:  
 
i) the Company and its shareholders will continue to obtain these possible special tax benefits in future; or  
 
ii) the conditions prescribed for availing the possible special tax benefits where applicable, have been/would be 
met with.  
 
The contents of the enclosed Annexures are based on the information, explanation and representations obtained 
from the Company, and on the basis of our understanding of the business activities and operations of the Company.  
 
Our views expressed herein are based on the facts and assumptions indicated to us. No assurance is given that the 
revenue authorities/ courts will concur with the views expressed herein. Our views are based on the existing 
 
 
65 
 provisions of the Tax Laws and its interpretation, which are subject to change from time to time. We do not assume 
responsibility to update the views consequent to such changes. We shall not be liable to the Company for any 
claims, liabilities or expenses relating to this assignment except to the extent of fees relating to this assignment, 
as finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily from bad faith or intentional misconduct. We will not 
be liable to the Company and any other person in respect  of this report, except as per applicable law.  
 
We hereby give consent to include this report in the Draft Letter of Offer and Letter of Offer and in any other 
material used in connection with the Proposed Offer, and it is not to be used, referred to or distributed for any 
other purpose without our prio r written consent.  
 
 
For Praveen K Jallan & Co.  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm's Registration No.: 018382S  
 
 
 
Praveen Kumar Jallan  
Partner  
Membership No. 218700  
Place: Hyderabad  
Date: September 9, 2026  
UDIN:  26218700ALSPSI7339  
 
 
 
 
 
66 
 ANNEXURE I  
 
STATEMENT OF POSSIBLE SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS AVAILABLE TO NATCO PHARMA 
LIMITED (“THE COMPANY”) and ITS SHAREHOLDERS UNDER THE APPLICABLE DIRECT AND 
INDIRECT TAXES (“TAX LAWS”)  
 
Outlined below are the Possible Special Tax Benefits available to the Company and its shareholders under the 
Tax Laws prepared to comply with the requirement under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Re gulations, 2018, as amended. These Possible Special Tax Benefits are 
dependent on the Company and its shareholders fulfilling the conditions prescribed under the Tax Laws, which 
are based on business imperatives it faces in the future, it may or may not ch oose to fulfil.  
 
UNDER THE INCOME TAX LAWS  
 
A. Possible Special tax benefits available to the Company under the Income -tax Act, 2025 (‘ITA, 2025’) 
as amended by Finance Act, 2026 and to the extent applicable the Income -Tax Act, 1961 (‘ITA,1961’) 
read with the Income -tax Rules, 2026 and to the extent ap plicable the Income -tax Rules, 1962; read 
with applicable circulars and notifications thereunder; (together referred to as, “Direct Tax Laws”)  
 
- As applicable for Tax Year 2026 -27 onwards.  
 
1. Concessional corporate tax rates on income of domestic companies under section 200 of the ITA, 2025 
(erstwhile section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (‘the ITA, 1961’)  
 
The Income tax Act, 2025 continues the optional concessional tax regime for domestic companies through 
section 200 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile section 115BAA of the ITA,1961), wherein domestic companies are 
entitled to avail a concessional tax rate of 22% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) on fulfilment of certain 
conditions.  
 
The option was originally introduced by the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 that introduced section 
115BAA of the ITA, 1961, wherein domestic companies are entitled to avail a concessional tax rate of 22% 
(plus applicable surcharge and cess) on fulfill ment of certain conditions. The option to apply this tax rate was 
available from Financial Year (‘FY’) 2019 -20 relevant to Assessment Year(‘AY’) 2020 -21 and the option 
once exercised shall apply to subsequent assessment years. The concessional rate of 22% is subject to the 
company not availing deduction specified under section 200 of the ITA 2025.  
 
The total income of a company availing the concessional rate of 25.168% (i.e., 22% along with surcharge and 
health and education cess) is required to be computed without set -off of any carried forward loss and 
depreciation attributable to any of the deduct ions/incentives provided in the section 200 of the ITA, 2025. A 
company can exercise the option to apply for the concessional tax rate in its return of income filed under 
section 263(1) of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile section 139(1) of the ITA, 1961).  
 
Further, provisions of Minimum Alternate Tax(‘MAT’) under section 206 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile section 
115JB of the ITA, 1961) shall not be applicable to companies availing this reduced tax rate. The Company 
will be eligible to carry forward and set -off the accumulated MAT credit in the old regime upto 25% of the 
normal tax computed under new regime every year for fifteen tax years beginning from tax year 2026 -27. 
The provisions do not specify any limitation/condition on account of turnover, nature of bu siness or date of 
incorporation for opting for the concessional tax rate. Accordingly, all existing as well as new domestic 
companies are eligible to avail this concessional rate of tax.  
 
Effective from tax year 2026 -27, the Company has already opted the lower rate benefit as mentioned in the 
Section 200 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile section 115BAA of the ITA, 1961).  
 
2. Deductions in respect of employment of new employees – Section 146 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile 
Section 80JJAA of the ITA, 1961).  
 
As per section 146 of the ITA, 2025, where a company is subject to tax audit under section 63 of the ITA, 
2025 (erstwhile section 44AB of the ITA, 1961) and derives income from business, it shall be allowed to 
claim a deduction of an amount equal to 30% of  additional employee cost incurred in the course of such 
business in a tax year, for three consecutive assessment years including the assessment year relevant to the 
 
 
67 
 tax year in which such additional employment cost is incurred upon the fulfilment of the conditions prescribed 
in the ITA, 2025.  
 
3. Deduction with respect to inter -corporate dividends – Section 148 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile Section 
80M of the ITA, 1961)  
 
Up to 31st March 2020, any dividend paid to a shareholder by a company was liable to Dividend Distribution 
Tax (“DDT”), and the recipient shareholder was exempt from tax. Pursuant to the amendment made by the 
Finance Act, 2020, DDT stands abolished, and di vidend received by a shareholder on or after 1st April 2020 
is liable to tax in the hands of the shareholder, other than dividend on which tax under the erstwhile section 
115-O of the ITA, 1961 had been paid. The company is required to deduct Tax at Source  (“TDS”) at 
applicable rate specified under the Direct Tax Laws read with applicable Double Taxation Avoidance 
Agreement (if any).  
 
With respect to a shareholder which is a domestic company as defined in section 2(42) of the ITA, 2025 
(erstwhile section 2(22A) of the ITA,1961), section 148 of the ITA, 2025 (section 80M of the erstwhile ITA, 
1961) had been inserted to remove the cascadi ng effect of taxes on inter -corporate dividends during FY 2020 -
21 and thereafter. The section inter -alia provides that where the gross total income of a domestic company in 
any previous year includes any income by way of dividends from any other domestic c ompany or a foreign 
company or a business trust, there shall, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this section, be 
allowed in computing the total income of such domestic company, a deduction of an amount equal to so much 
of the amount of in come by way of dividends received from such other domestic company or foreign company 
or business trust as does not exceed the amount of dividend distributed by it on or before the due date. The 
“due date” means the date one month prior to the date for fur nishing the return of income under sub -section 
(1) of section 263 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile sub -section (1) of section 139 of the ITA, 1961).  
 
B. POSSIBLE SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS AVAILABLE TO THE SHAREHOLDERS  
 
• Dividend income earned by the shareholders would be taxable in their hands at their applicable rates. The 
Company would be required to deduct tax at source on the dividend paid to the shareholders, at applicable 
rates based in the provisions of the ITA, 20 25. In case of shareholders who are individuals, Hindu Undivided 
Family, Association of Persons, Body of Individuals, and every artificial juridical person, surcharge would 
be restricted to 15%, irrespective of the amount of dividend. The shareholders woul d be eligible to claim the 
credit of such tax in their return of income.  
 
• With respect to a domestic corporate shareholder, deduction shall be available under section 148 of the ITA, 
2025 (erstwhile section 80M of ITA, 1961) on fulfilling the conditions.  
 
• As per Section 198 of the ITA, 2025 (erstwhile section 112A of the ITA, 1961), long -term capital gains 
arising from transfer of an equity share shall be taxed at 12.5% plus applicable surcharge (which is limited to 
15%) and cess (without the benefit of ind exation) for any transfer which takes place on or after the 23 July 
2024 subject to fulfilment of prescribed conditions under Direct Tax Laws. It is worthwhile to note that tax 
shall be payable on such long -term capital gains exceeding INR 1,25,000 in a fi nancial year.  
 
• As per Section 196 of the ITA, 2025, (erstwhile section 111A of the ITA, 1961), short term capital gains 
arising from transfer of a listed equity share, shall be taxed at 20% plus applicable surcharge (which is limited 
to 15%) and cess subject to fulfilmen t of prescribed conditions under Direct Tax Laws.  
 
In respect of non -resident shareholders, the tax rates and the consequent taxation shall be as per the provisions 
of the ITA, 2025 and it is further subject to any benefits available under the applicable Double Taxation 
Avoidance Agreement, if any, between  India and the country in which the non -resident has fiscal domicile 
and subject to entitlement to such treaty benefit and on furnishing of any prescribed document as may be 
required. Further, the non -resident shareholders may be eligible to claim the fore ign tax credit, based on the 
provisions of the tax laws of the country of which the shareholder is the resident.  
 
TAX BENEFITS UNDER INDIRECT TAX LAWS  
 
A. Possible Special tax benefits available to the Company  
 
(i) The Company is availing the benefit of Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products 
 
 
68 
 (“RoDTEP ”) as per Chapter 4 of Foreign Trade Policy (FTP) 2023. As per Para 4.54 of FTP 2023, the 
objective of the scheme is to refund various duties and taxes incurred on the exports of goods in the 
form of transferable duty credit/electronic scrips which will be  maintained in an electronic ledger by 
CBIC.  
 
(ii) All Industry Rate (AIR) of Duty Drawback for an export product is an average rate, based on the 
average quantity and value of material and average duties of Customs and Central Excise borne by each 
class of material, from which export goods are ordinarily manufactured. AIRs are normally reviewed 
annually on the Drawback Committee’s recommendation. The grant of duty drawback based on the 
shipping bill declaration, without requiring additional documentation. It involves end -to-end electronic 
processing of Dut y Drawback and Disbursal of Duty Drawback directly to exporters’ account. There is 
no need for producing separate documentary evidence regarding realisation of exports.  
 
Notification No. 77/2023 -Customs (N.T.) dated 20 -10-2023 was issued to determine the rate of 
drawback in accordance with the items specified in the Schedule, subject to conditions specified 
therein.  
 
(iii) The Company has a SEZ unit located in Vizag Special Economic Zone, Vizag, India. The SEZ unit is 
availing the following benefits:  
 
• The custom duty leviable on Import of goods by an SEZ unit for its authorised operations   is exempt 
under section 26 of the Customs Act.  
• IGST leviable on import of goods and import of services are exempt under Customs Tariff Act, 1975 
as per the Notification No. 64/2017 & Notification No. 18/2017 -Integrated Tax (Rate) dated 05 -07-
2017 respectively.  
• SEZ unit can procure goods and services without payment of GST from the DTA units subject to SEZ 
rules.  
• Exports made by SEZ unit shall be treated as zero rated supply in accordance with Section 16(1) of 
the IGST Act, 2017. Hence, SEZ units can claim refund of unutilized ITC for such exports or pay 
IGST on exports and claim refund of such tax paid.  
 
B. Possible Special tax benefits available to Shareholders  
 
There are no special tax benefits available to the shareholders of the Company under the Indirect Tax Laws.  
 
NOTES:  
 
1. The above is as per the current Tax Laws in force in India.  
 
2. The above Statement of possible special tax benefits sets out the provisions of Tax Laws in a summary 
manner only and is not a complete analysis or listing of all the existing and potential tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposal of equity  shares of the Company.  
 
3. This Statement does not discuss any tax consequences in any country outside India of an investment in the 
equity shares of the Company. The shareholders / investors in any country outside India are advised to 
consult their own professional advisors regardi ng possible income tax consequences that apply to them under 
the laws of such jurisdiction.  
 
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
Amit Parekh  
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Place: Hyderabad  
Date: September 9, 2026  
 
 
 
69 
 ANNEXURE II  
 
LIST OF DIRECT AND INDIRECT TAX LAWS (“TAX LAWS’)  
 
S. No.  Details of Tax Laws  
1. Income -tax Act, 2025 (‘ITA, 2025’) as amended by Finance Act, 2026 and to the extent applicable 
the Income -Tax Act, 1961 (‘ITA,1961’) read with the Income -tax Rules, 2026 and to the extent 
applicable the Income -tax Rules, 1962; read with applicable circula rs and notifications thereunder; 
(‘Direct Tax Laws’)  
 
2. Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017  
 
3. Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017  
 
4. State Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 of respective states in India  
 
5. Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017  
 
6. Customs Act, 1962 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975 read with respective rules, circulars and 
notifications made thereunder  
 
7. Foreign Trade Policy 2023 read with Handbook of Procedures  
 
 
 
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
Amit Parekh  
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Place: Hyderabad  
Date: September 9, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
 SECTION IV: ABOUT OUR COMPANY  
OUR MANAGEMENT  
Board of Directors  
The composition of our Board is governed and is in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
the rules prescribed thereunder, the Listing Regulations and the Articles of Association. In accordance with the 
Articles of Association, unless o therwise determined by special resolution, our Company shall not have fewer 
than three Directors or more than fifteen Directors.  
As on the date of this Letter of Offer , our Company has nine Directors, comprising four Executive Directors and 
five Non -Executive Independent Directors, including one woman Independent Director. The Chairman is an 
Executive Director.  
The following table provides details regarding our Board as of the date of filing this Letter of Offer :  
Name, Address, Designation, Occupation, Date of expiration of current term, DIN and Date 
of Birth  Age (in years)  
Name:  Venkaiah Chowdary Nannapaneni  
 
Address:  8-2-293/82/A/530, Road No. 26, Jubilee Hills, Hyderaba d - 500033, Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Chairman and Managing Director  
 
Occupation:  Business  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2027  
 
DIN:  00183315  
 
Date of Birth:  November 30, 1945  80 
Name:  Rajeev Nannapaneni  
 
Address:  Plot No. 529, Road No. 26, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad  - 500033, Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Occupation:  Business  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2027  
 
DIN:  00183872  
 
Date of Birth:  June 22, 1977  49 
Name:  Potluri Sivaramakrishna  Prasad  
 
Address:  8-1-405/A/12, O.U. Colony, Dream Valley, Shaikpet, Golconda, Hyderabad  - 500008, 
Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Director and Executive Vice President (Corporate Engineering Services)  
 
Occupation:  Employment  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2027  
 
DIN:  07011140  
 
Date of Birth:  January 15, 1958  68 
Name:  Linga  Rao Donthineni  
 
Address:  Flat No. 207, Mount Meru Apartments, Road No. 5, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad  - 500034, 
Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Director and President (Technical Affairs)  
 73 
 
 
71 
 Name, Address, Designation, Occupation, Date of expiration of current term, DIN and Date 
of Birth  Age (in years)  
Occupation:  Employment  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2027  
 
DIN:  07088404  
 
Date of Birth:  October 29, 1952  
Name:  Agnihotra Dakshina Murty Chavali  
 
Address:  1708, Pegasus, B Wing, Meenakshi Sky Lounge, Hitex  Road, Kondapur, Serilingampally, 
Rangareddy  - 500084, Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Non-Executive (Independent) Director  
 
Occupation:  Retired bank executive  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2029  
 
DIN:  00374673  
 
Date of Birth:  October 9, 1954  71 
Name:  Dronadula Vijaya  Bhaskar  
 
Address:  5-7-1/31, Harihara Puram Colony, Vanasthalipuram , Hyderabad  - 500070, Telangana India  
 
Designation:  Non-Executive (Independent) Director  
 
Occupation:  Professional  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  March 31, 2029  
 
DIN:  07158951  
 
Date of Birth:  August 9, 1959  67 
Name:  Bolisetty Lakshminarayana  
 
Address:  Flat No. 103, H. No. 1 -2-412/19, Gharonda Sesha Mandir, Gagan Mahal Colony, 
Domalguda, Hyderabad  - 500029, Telangana India  
 
Designation:  Non-Executive (Independent) Director  
 
Occupation:  Retired bank executive  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  August 11, 2029  
 
DIN:  02766709  
 
Date of Birth:  June 6, 1952  74 
Name:  Nitin Jain  
 
Address:  A-501, Sadanand Classic, 33rd Road, Off Linking Road, Khar (West), Mumbai  - 400052, 
Maharashtra , India  
 
Designation:  Non-Executive (Independent) Director  
 
Occupation:  Investment banker  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  August 11, 2029  
 
DIN:  00136245  
 
Date of Birth:  June 20, 1965  61 
Name:  Kantipudi  Suma  
 
Address:  H. No. 8 -2-293/82/DKN/18, Bharani Layout, Road No. 78, Film Nagar Club, Jubilee Hills, 61 
 
 
72 
 Name, Address, Designation, Occupation, Date of expiration of current term, DIN and Date 
of Birth  Age (in years)  
Hyderabad  - 500033, Telangana , India  
 
Designation:  Non-Executive (Independent) Director  
 
Occupation:  Gynaecologist and infertility specialist  
 
Date of expiration of current term:  August 11, 2029  
 
DIN:  02734369  
 
Date of Birth:  March 5, 1965  
 
Key Managerial Personnel and Members of the Senior Management  
In addition to Venkaiah Chowdary Nannapaneni, our Chairman and Managing Director, and Rajeev Nannapaneni, 
our Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, whose details are provided in “ – Board of Directors ” on page 
70, the details of our other Key Managerial Personnel and the members of our Senior Management in terms of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, as on the date of this Letter of Offer, are set forth below:  
 
S. 
No. Particulars  Designation  
Key Managerial Personnel  
1.  Amit Parekh  Chief Financial Officer  
2.  Chekuri Venkat Ramesh  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Members of the Senior Management (excluding Key Managerial Personnel)  
1.  Nannapaneni  Sadasiva Rao  Executive Vice President – Corporate Affairs, Legal, Secretarial and Estate 
Management  
2.  Rajesh Chebiyam  Executive Vice President – Crop Health Sciences  
3.  Kalakuntla Srinivas Rao  Executive Vice President – Pharma Division  
4.  Lakshminarayana A  Senior Vice President – Human Resources and Organisational Development  
5.  Sunil Kotaru  Senior Vice President – Supply Chain Management  
6.  Suryanarayana Reddy Ma tli Senior Vice President – Quality Assurance  
7.  Imtiyaz Basade  Senior Vice President – Regulatory Affairs  
8.  Bhimrao Dattu Jadhav  Senior Vice President – Operations (Formulations)  
9.  Yarramshetty Krishna Rao  Senior Vice President – Operations  
10.  Dr. Rampalli Sriram  Senior Vice President – Chemical Research and Development  
11.  Sandeep Kumar  Senior Vice President – Quality Assurance  
12.  Gnanadeva Chalapathy Gudipati  Senior Vice President – Analytical Research and Development  
13.  James Rajakumar  Vice President – Marketing and Sales (Domestic)  
14.  G Vasan  Vice President – Operations  
15.  Kurra Venkata Sreenivasa Babu  Vice President – Operations  
16.  Dr. Praveen Chowdary Myneni  Vice President – Medical Affairs and Clinical Research  
17.  Dr. Gogula Venkata Ramana  Vice President – Drug Development and Clinical Research  
18.  Dr. Pratima Jain  Vice President – Intellectual Property Rights  
19.  Barur Praveen Kumar  Vice President – International Business Division  
20.  K.M.V. Narayana Rao  Vice President – Analytical Research and Development  
21.  Dilip Manikchand Dhore  Vice President – Corporate Quality Assurance  
22.  T.C. Mallikarjuna  Vice President – Quality Control  
 
 
73 
 S. 
No. Particulars  Designation  
23.  M. Prabhakar Rao  Vice President – Information Technology and Information Systems  
24.  G. Vijay Kiran Kumar  Vice President – Operations  
25.  Madhava Rao Karicherla  Vice President – Formulation, Research & Development  
26.  Mutyala Vamsi Krishna  Associate Vice President – Corporate Social Responsibility  
27.  Amresh Kumar Trivedi  General Manager – Legal  
 
 
 
74 
 SECTION V: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements can be accessed on the website of our Company at 
https://www.natcopharma.co.in/investor -relations . 
Further, the Limited Review  Financial Results  can be accessed on the website of our Company at 
https://www.natcopharma.co.in/investor -relations . 
(The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank)  
 
 
 
75 
 SUMMARY OF FINANCIALS  
The following table provides a brief summary of the financials for three  months ended June 30 , 202 6, and June 
30, 2025 , and for the year ended March 31, 202 6, and March 31, 202 5, derived from the Limited Review  Financial 
Results and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements , respectively,  of our Company:   
 
Particulars  June 30, 2026  June 30, 2025  March 31, 202 6 March 31, 202 5 
Total income  (in ₹ million ) 7,944  13,906  43,759 47,840 
Net profit / loss before tax 
and share of profit of 
associate (in ₹  million ) 1,856  5,719  14,908   22,914  
Net profit / loss after tax and 
share of profit of associate (in 
₹ million ) 2,065* 4,803  14,185**  18,834   
Equity Share capital  (in ₹  
million ) 358 358 358 358  
Reserves and surplus  (in ₹  
million ) 95,027  80,910  91,853  75,712  
Net worth  (in ₹ million ) 95,385  81,268  92,211  76,070  
Basic earnings per equity 
share(1) (in ₹) 11.53  26.84   79.20  105.26  
Diluted earnings per equity 
share(1) (in ₹) 11.53  26.84  79.20  105.26  
Net asset value per equity 
share(2) (in ₹) 532.55  453.73 514.83  424.71  
Return on net worth(3) (in %) 2.16 5.91 15.38     24.79    
* Including share of profit of associate ₹ 843 million.  
** Including share of profit of associate ₹ 466 million.  
Notes:   
(1) Earnings per share (basic and diluted) : Total profit after tax divided by total number of outstanding shares.  
(2) Net asset value per equity share : Net worth divided by total n umber  of outstanding shares . 
(3) Return on net worth : Net p rofit / loss after tax and share of profit of associate divided by  total net worth (which is reserves and surplus 
plus equity capital) . 
 
Detailed rationale for the Issue Price:   
The Issue Price will be determined by our Company on the basis of various qualitative and quantitative factors as 
described below:  
Qualitative factors  
Some of the qualitative factors which form the basis for computing the Issue Price are set forth below:  
1. Our Company is one of the pioneers in the domestic oncology space in India , and has launched several 
first generics in India, thereby making oncology therapies more accessible and affordable.  
2. We are a research -focused pharmaceutical Company with an integrated business strategy spanning 
development, manufacture and marketing of finished dosage formulations (“ FDFs ”), active 
pharmaceutical ingredients (“ APIs ”) and agrochemicals.  
3. Backed by over four decades of industry experience, we have evolved into a global enterprise with 
presence in more than 50 countries through 13  direct and step down Subsidiaries and one Associate, with 
front -end presence in major markets, including the United States of America, Canada, Brazil, Indonesia, 
Singapore, Philippines, and presence through partners in Saudi Arabia, China, Egypt, Turkey, Algeria, 
Morocco, Thailand and Malaysia.  
4. We have expanded our presence in the South African market through acquisition of 49% stake in Adcock 
Ingram Holdings Proprietary Limited, the second largest player in the region, with presence across 
business segments like over the counter , prescription and hospitals.  
 
Quantitative  factors  
Some of the quantitative  factors which form the basis for computing the Issue Price are set forth below:  
Basic and diluted earnings per Equity Share (“ EPS”) (face value ₹2 each) 
 
 
76 
 Financial Year / Period ended  Basic EPS  (in ₹)  Diluted EPS  (in ₹)  
June 30, 2026* 11.53  11.53  
June 30, 2025* 26.84  26.84  
March 31, 2026  79.20  79.20  
March 31, 2025  105.26  105.26  
* Not annualised  
 
Return on Net Worth (“ RoNW ”) 
Financial Year / Period ended  RoNW (in %) 
June 30, 2026* 2.16 
June 30, 2025* 5.91 
March 31, 2026  15.38  
March 31, 2025  24.79  
* Not annualised  
 
Net asset value (“ NAV ”) per Equity Share (face value ₹2 each)  
Financial Year / Period ended  NA V  per Equity Share  (in ₹)  
June 30, 2026* 532.55  
June 30, 2025* 453.73  
March 31, 2026  514.83  
March 31, 2025  424.71  
* Not annualised  
 
The Issue Price is 375 times the face value of the Equity Shares.  
 
 
 
77 
 SECTION VI: GOVERNMENT APPROVALS  
GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS  
We are not required to obtain any licenses or approvals from any government or regulatory authority for the 
objects of this  Issue.  For further details, refer to the chapter titled “ Objects of the Issue ” beginning at page 53. 
 
 
 
78 
 OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES  
Authority for the Issue  
The Issue has been authorised by a resolution of our Board of Directors passed at its meeting held on September 
9, 2026  pursuant to Section 62(1)(a) and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act.  
The Draft Letter of Offer  has been approved by a resolution of our Board of Directors passed at its meeting held 
on September 9, 2026  and this Letter of Offer has been approved by a resolution of the Fund Raising Committee  
passed at its meeting held on September 2 8, 2026 . The terms and conditions of the Issue including the Rights 
Entitlement, Issue Price, Record Date, timing of the Issue and other related matters, have been approved by a 
resolution passed by our Board of Directors  on September 25, 2026 . 
The Board of Directors , in its meeting held on September 25, 2026 , has resolved to issue the Rights Equity Shares 
to the Eligible Equity Shareholders, at ₹ 750 per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ₹ 748 per Rights 
Equity Share) aggregating up to ₹  12,794  million* and the Rights Entitlement as 2 Rights Equity Share s for every 
21 fully paid -up Equity Share s, held as on the Record Date .  
Our Company has received in -principle approvals from NSE and BSE in accordance with Regulation 28(1) of the 
SEBI LODR Regulations for listing of the Rights Equity Shares to be Allotted in this Issue pursuant to their letters 
each dated September 21, 2026 . Our Company will also make applications to NSE and BSE to obtain their trading 
approvals for the Rights Entitlements as required under the SEBI ICDR Master Circular.  
Our Company has been allotted the ISIN: INE987B20018  for the Rights Entitlements to be credited to the 
respective demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders . For details, see “ Terms of the Issue ” beginning on 
page 83. 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.  
Prohibition by SEBI or Other Governmental Authorities  
Our Company, our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group and our Directors have not been and are not 
prohibited or debarred from accessing or operating in the capital markets or restrained from buying, selling or 
dealing in securities under any order or direction passed by SEBI.  
Further, our Promoter s and our  Directors are not promoter(s) or director(s) of any other company which is  
debarred from accessing or operating in the capital markets or restrained from buying, selling or dealing in 
securities  under any order or direction passed by SEBI.  
None of our Directors are associated with the securities market in any manner. Further, there is no outstanding 
action initiated by SEBI against any of our Directors, who have been associated with the securities market.  
Neither our Promoter s nor any of our Directors are declared as fugitive economic offenders under Section 12 of 
the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 .  
Our Equity Shares have not been suspended from trading as a disciplinary measure , during the last three years 
immediately preceding the date of filing of this Letter of Offer .  
As on the date of this Letter of Offer , no show -cause notice has been issued by SEBI or an adjudicating officer in 
proceedings for imposition of penalty, and no prosecution proceedings have been initiated by SEBI, against our 
Company, our Promoters or our whole -time Directors.  
Other Confirmations  
Our Company, in accordance with Regulation 79 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, shall not offer any incentive, 
whether direct or indirect, in any manner, whether in cash or kind or services or otherwise, to any person for 
making an Application, and shall not m ake any payment, whether direct or indirect, whether in the nature of 
discounts, commission, allowance or otherwise, to any person for making an Application.  
Prohibition by RBI  
Neither our Company nor our Promoter s or any of our Directors have been or are identified as Wilful Defaulters 
or Fraudulent Borrowers.  
 
 
79 
 Eligibility for the Issue  
Our Company is a listed company and has been incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 . Our Equity Shares 
are presently listed on the Stock Exchanges. Our Company is eligible to offer Rights Equity Shares pursuant to 
this Issue in terms of Chapter III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.  
Compliance with Regulations 61 and 62 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
Our Company is in compliance with the conditions specified in Regulations 61 and 62 of the SEBI  ICDR 
Regulations , to the extent applicable. Further, in relation to compliance with Regulation 62(1)(a) of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, our Company has made applications to the NSE and BSE and has received their in -principle 
approvals through their letters each dated September 21, 2026 , for issuance of the Rights Equity Shares pursuant 
to this Issue . NSE  is the Designated Stock Exchange for the Issue.  
Compliance with SEBI Listing  Regulations  
Our Company is in compliance with the Equity Listing Agreement and the SEBI Listing Regulations for a period 
of the last three years immediately preceding the date of filing of this Letter of Offer . 
Compliance with Part B of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations  
The disclosures in this Letter of Offer are in terms of Clause (1) of Part B of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations.  
CAUTION  
Our Company shall make all information available to the Eligible Equity Shareholders in accordance with the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders in any manner whatsoever including at presentations, in research or sales reports etc. after 
filing of this Letter of Offer . 
No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained 
in the Draft Letter of Offer  and this Letter of Offer . You must not rely on any unauthorized information or 
representations. This Letter of Offer  is an offer to sell only the Rights Equity Shares and rights to purchase the 
Rights Equity Shares offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. 
The information contained in this Letter of Offer  is current only as of its date.  
Our Company accept s no responsibility or liability for advising any Applicant on whether such Applicant is 
eligible to acquire any Rights Equity Shares.  
Disclaimer with respect to jurisdiction  
This Letter of Offer  has been prepared under the provisions of Indian laws and the applicable rules and regulations 
thereunder. Any disputes arising out of the Issue will be subject to the jurisdiction of the appropriate court(s) in 
Hyderabad,  Telangana , where our Registered Office is situated . 
Designated Stock Exchange  
The Designated Stock Exchange for the purpose of the Issue is National Stock Exchange of India Limited . 
Disclaimer clause of NSE  
As required, a copy of this letter of offer has been submitted to National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as NSE). NSE has given vide its letter Ref. No.: NSE/LIST/C/2026/57386 dated September 
21, 2026, permission to the Issuer to  use the Exchange’s name in this letter of offer as one of the stock exchanges 
on which this Issuer’s securities are proposed to be listed. The Exchange has scrutinized this letter of offer for its 
limited internal purpose of deciding on the matter of gran ting the aforesaid permission to this Issuer.  
It is to be distinctly understood that the aforesaid permission given by NSE should not in any way be deemed or 
construed that the letter of offer has been cleared or approved by NSE; nor does it in any manner warrant, certify 
or endorse the correctness or  completeness of any of the contents of this letter of offer; nor does it warrant that 
this Issuer’s securities will be listed or will continue to be listed on the Exchange; nor does it take any 
 
 
80 
 responsibility for the financial or other soundness of this Issuer, its promoters, its management or any scheme or 
project of this Issuer.  
Every person who desires to apply for or otherwise acquire any securities of this Issuer may do so pursuant to 
independent inquiry, investigation and analysis and shall not have any claim against the Exchange whatsoever by  
reason of any loss which may be suffered by such person consequent to or in connection with such subscription 
/acquisition whether by reason of anything stated or omitted to be stated herein or any other reason whatsoever.”  
Disclaimer clause of BSE  
The Exchange has given vide its letter dated September 21, 2026, permission to this Company to use the 
Exchange's name in this Letter of Offer as the stock exchange on which this Company's securities are proposed 
to be listed. The Exchange has scrutinized this letter of offer for its limited internal purpose of deciding on the 
matter of granting the aforesaid permission to this Company. The Exchange does not in any manner:  
• Warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the contents of this letter of offer; or  
• Warrant that this Company's securities will be listed or will continue to be listed on the Exchange; or  
• Take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of this Company, its promoters, its 
management or any scheme or project of this Company;  
and it should not for any reason be deemed or construed that this letter of offer has been cleared or approved by 
the Exchange. Every person who desires to apply for or otherwise acquires any securities of this Company may 
do so pursuant to independent inq uiry, investigation and analysis and shall not have any claim against the 
Exchange whatsoever by reason of any loss which may be suffered by such person consequent to or in connection 
with such subscription / acquisition whether by reason of anything stated or omitted to be stated herein or for any 
other reason whatsoever.  
Disclaimer from our Company   
Our Company accept s no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in this Letter of Offer or in any  
advertisement or other material issued by our Company or by any other persons at the instance of our Company 
and anyone  placing reliance on any other source of information would be doing so at their own risk . 
Investors who invest in the Issue will be deemed to have represented to our Company and its officers, agents, 
affiliates and  representatives that they are eligible under all applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and 
approvals to acquire Equity  Shares, and are relying on independent advice / evaluation as to their ability and 
quantum of investment in the Issue . 
Filing  
The Draft Letter of Offer was filed with the Stock Exchanges as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Further, this Letter of Offer is being  filed with the Stock Exchanges and with SEBI in accordance with the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations.  
NO OFFER IN THE UNITED STATES  
THE RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS AND THE RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND 
WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S . SECURITIES ACT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR 
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, T HE RIGHTS 
EQUITY SHARES ARE ONLY BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
“OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS” AS DEFINED IN AND IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT TO ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS LOCATED IN 
JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH OFF ER AND SALE IS PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF SUCH 
JURISDICTIONS. THE OFFERING TO WHICH THIS LETTER OF OFFER  RELATES IS NOT, AND 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS TO BE CONSTRUED AS, AN OFFERING OF ANY RIGHTS 
ENTITLEMENTS  OR RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR AS A 
SOLICITATION THEREIN OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY OF THE SAID SECURITIES. 
ACCORDINGLY, YOU SHOULD NOT FORWARD OR TRANSMIT THIS LETTER OF OFFER  INTO 
THE UNITED STATES AT ANY TIME.  
 
 
81 
 Neither our Company, nor any person acting on behalf of our Company, will accept a subscription or renunciation 
from any person, or the agent of any person, who appears to be, or who our Company, or any person acting on 
behalf of our Company, has reason to  believe is, in the United States when the buy order is made. No Application 
Form should be postmarked in the United States or otherwise dispatched from the United States or any other 
jurisdiction where it would be illegal to make an offer under this Letter of Offer  or where any action would be 
required to be taken to permit the Issue. Our Company is undertaking this Issue on a rights basis to the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders and will dispatch this Letter of Offer  and Application Form only to Eligible Equity 
Shareholders who have provided an Indian address to our Company. Any person who purchases or sells Rights 
Entitlements or makes an application for Rights Equity Shares will be deemed to have represented, warran ted and 
agreed, by accepting the delivery of this Letter of Offer , that it is not and that at the time of subscribing for the 
Rights Equity Shares or the purchase or sale of Rights Entitlements, it will not be, in the United States and is 
authorized to purchase or sell the Rights Entitlement and subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations.  
Our Company, reserves the right to treat as invalid any Application Form which: (i) appears to our Company or 
its agents to have been executed in, electronically transmitted from or dispatched from the United States or any 
other jurisdiction where the offe r and sale of the Rights Equity Shares is not permitted under laws of such 
jurisdictions; (ii) does not include the relevant certifications set out in the Application Form, including to the effect 
that the person submitting and/or renouncing the Applicatio n Form is outside the United States and such person 
is eligible to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares under applicable securities laws and is complying with laws 
of jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection with this Issue; or (iii) where e ither a registered Indian 
address is not provided; or (iv) where our Company believes acceptance of such Application Form may infringe 
applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and our Company shall not be bound to issue or allot any Rights 
Equity Share s in respect of any such Application Form.  
Mechanism for Redressal of Investor Grievances  
Our Company has adequate arrangements for the redressal of investor complaints in compliance with the corporate 
governance requirements in compliance with the Listing Agreements and the SEBI LODR Regulations. We have 
been registered with the SEBI Complaint s Redress System (SCORES) as required by the SEBI circular no. 
CIR/OIAE/2/2011 dated June 3, 201 1, and shall comply with the SEBI circular bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/OIAE/CIR/P/2023/156 dated September 20, 2023 , and any other circulars issued in this regard . 
Consequently, investor grievances are also tracked online by our Company through the SCORES mechanism.  
Further, pursuant to  the Master Circular for Online Resolution of Disputes in the Indian Securities Market bearing 
reference number SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD -3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated December 28, 2023, as amended from 
time to time , the SEBI has established a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ ODR Portal ”) for resolution 
of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. Pursuant to the above -mentioned circular, post exhausting the 
option to resolve their grievances with the RTA/ Company directly and through existing SCORES platform, the 
investors can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal at https://smartodr.in/login  
Our Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee which meets at least once in a financial year and as 
and when required . Its terms of reference include considering and resolving grievances of shareholders in relation 
to transfer of shares and effective exercise of voting rights. Venture Capital and Corporate Investments Private  
Limited  is our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. All investor grievances received by us have been handled by 
the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent in consultation with our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer . 
The investor complaints received by our Company are generally disposed of within 21 days from the date of 
receipt of the complaint. Further , during the quarter ended June 30, 2026, our Company received 194 investor 
complaints, all of which were resolved during the quarter. Accordingly, there were no investor complaints pending 
as on June 30, 2026.  
Investors may contact the Registrar or our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for any pre -Issue 
or post -Issue related matter. All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar, 
with a copy to the SCSBs, giving full details  such as name, address of the Applicant, contact number(s), e -
mail address of the sole/ first holder, folio number or demat account number, number of Rights Equity 
Shares applied for, amount blocked, ASBA Account number and the Designated Branch of the SCS Bs 
where the Application Form or the plain paper application, as the case may be, was submitted by the 
Investors along with a photocopy of the acknowledgement slip. For details on the ASBA process, please see 
“Terms of the Issue”  beginning on page 83. 
 
 
82 
 The contact details of Registrar to the Issue and our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer are as 
follows:  
Registrar to the Issue  
KFin Technologies Limited  
Address:  Selenium Tower -B, Plot No. 31 & 32 , Gachibowli  
Financial  District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally  
Hyderabad - 500 032 , Telangana, India.  
Tel: +91 40 6716 2222 / 1800 309 4001  
E-mail:  natcopharma.rights@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance ID:  einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Contact Person:  Williams R  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration No .: INR000000221  
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Chekuri Venkat Ramesh  is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company. His details are as 
follows:  
 
Chekuri Venkat Ramesh  
‘NATCO House’  
Road No. 2 , Banjara Hills  
Hyderabad – 500034  
Telangana, India  
Tel: +91 90307 20366  
E-mail: venkatramesh.ch@natcopharma.co.in  
 
 
 
83 
 SECTION VII: ISSUE INFORMATION  
TERMS OF THE ISSUE  
This section is for the information of the Investors proposing to apply in this Issue. Investors should carefully read 
the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Application Form, before 
submitting the Application Form. Our Company is not liable for any amendments or modifications or changes in 
applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this Letter of Offer . Investors are advised to 
make their independent investigation and ensure that the Application Form is accurately filled up in accordance 
with instructions provided therein and this Letter of Offer . Unless otherwise permitted under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations read with the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, Investors proposing to apply in this Issue can apply only 
through ASBA.  
Investors are requested to note that Application in this Issue can only be made through ASBA or any other mode 
which may be notified by SEBI.  
Please note that  our Company has opened a separate demat suspense escrow account namely, ‘NATCO 
PHARMA LIMITED SUSPENSE ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT ’ (“Demat Suspense Account”) and 
would credit Rights Entitlements on the basis of the Equity Shares: ( a) held in the account of the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority; or (b) of the Eligible Equity Shareholder whose demat accounts 
are frozen or where the Equity Shares are lying in the unclaimed suspense account / demat suspense 
account (including those pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR Regulations) or details of which are 
unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record Date or where Equity Shares have been 
kept in abeyance or where entitlement certificate has been issued or where instruction has been issued for 
stopping issue or transfer or where letter of confirmation lying in escrow account ; or (c) where credit of 
the Rights Entitlements have returned/reversed/failed for any reason; or ( d) where ownership is currently 
under dispute, including any court or regulatory proceedings or where legal notices have been issued, if 
any. Please also note that our Company has credited Rights Entitlements to the Demat Suspense Account 
on the basis of information available with our Company and to serve the interest of relevant Eligible Equity 
Shareholders to provide them with a reasonable opportunity to participate in the Issue. The credi t of the 
Rights Entitlements to the Demat Suspense Account by our Company does not create any right in favour 
of the relevant Eligible Equity Shareholders for transfer of Rights Entitlement to their demat account or 
to receive any Equity Shares in the Issue . 
With respect to the Rights Entitlements credited to the Demat Suspense Account, the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are requested to provide relevant details (such as applicable regulatory approvals, Form ISR -
1, ISR -2 with original cancelled cheque (if signature does not match with our record), ISR -4 (if shares are 
under unclaimed suspense account) self-attested PAN and client master sheet of demat account, details/ 
records confirming the legal and beneficial ownership of their respective Equity Shares, etc.) to our 
Company or the Registrar no later than two clear Working Days prior to the Issue Clos ing Date , to enable 
credit of their Rights Entitlements by way of transfer from the Demat Suspense Account to their demat 
account at least one day before the Issue Closing Date, to enable such Eligible Equity Shareholders to make 
an application in this Issue, and th is communication shall serve as an intimation to such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders in this regard. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders are also requested to ensure that their 
demat account, details of which have been provided to our Company or the Registrar account is active to 
facilitate the aforementioned transfer. In the event that the Eligible Equity Shareholders are not able to 
provide relevant details to our Company or the Registrar by the end of two clear Working Days prior to 
the Issue Closing Date, R ights Entitlements credited to the Demat Suspense Account shall lapse and 
extinguish in due course and such Eligible Equity Shareholder shall not have any claim against our 
Company and our Company shall not be liable to any such Eligible Equity Shareholder  in any form or 
manner .  
Further, with respect to Equity Shares for which Rights Entitlements are being credited to the Demat 
Suspense Account,  the Application Form along with the Rights Entitlement Letter shall not be dispatched 
till the resolution of the relevant issue/concern and transfer of the Rights Entitlements from the Demat 
Suspense Account to the respective demat account other than in case of Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
hold Equity Shares in physical form as on the Record Date who will receive the Application Form along 
with the Rights Entitlement Letter . Upon submission of such documents /records no later than two clear 
Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to the satisfaction of our Company, our Company shall make 
available the Rights Entitlement on such Equity Shares to the identified Eligible Equity Shareholder. The 
identified Eligible Equity Shareholder shall be entitled to subscribe to Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue 
 
 
84 
 during the Issue Period with respect to these Rights Entitlement and subject to the same terms and 
conditions as the Eligible Equity Shareholder.  
Overview  
This Issue is proposed to be undertaken on a rights basis and is subject to the terms and conditions contained in 
this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter, the Application Form, and the Memorandum of Association 
and the Articles of Association of our Company, the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the FEMA, the 
FEMA Rules, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations , the SEBI ICDR Master Circular and 
the guidelines, notifications, circulars and regulations issued by SEBI, the Government of India and other statutory 
and regulatory authorities from time to time, approvals, if any, from RBI or other regulatory authoriti es, the terms 
of the Listing Agreements entered into by our Company with Stock Exchanges and the terms and conditions as 
stipulated in the Allotment Advice.  
I. DISPATCH AND AVAILABILITY OF ISSUE MATERIALS  
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Rights 
Entitlements will be credited to the demat account of the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are Equity 
Shareholders as on the Record Date, however, the Issue Materials will be sent/ dispatched only to such 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided an Indian address to our Company and only such 
Eligible Equity Shareholders are permitted to participate in the Issue . The credit of Rights Entitlement 
does not constitute an offer, invitation to offer or solicitation for participation in the Issue, whether 
directly or indirectly, and only dispatch of the Issue Material shall constitute an offer, invitation or 
solicitation  for participation in the Issue in accordance with the terms of the Issue Material. Further, 
receipt of the Issue Materials (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute an offer, 
invitation to or solicitation by anyone in (i) the United States or (ii) any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such an offer, invitation or soli citation is unlawful or not authorized or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, invitation or solicitation. In those circumstances, 
this Letter of Offer  and any other Issue Materials must be treated as sent for information only and should 
not be acted upon for subscription to Rights Equity Shares and should not be copied or re -distributed, in 
part or full. Accordingly, persons receiving a copy of the Issu e Materials should not distribute or send 
the Issue Materials in or into any jurisdiction where to do so, would or might contravene local securities 
laws or regulations, or would subject our Company  or its affiliates to any filing or registration 
requirement (other than in India). If Issue Material is received by any person in any such jurisdiction or 
the United States, they must not seek to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares. For more details, se e 
“Restrictions on Purchases and Resales ” beginning on page 115. 
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI ICDR Master Circular, the Application 
Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and other  Issue material will be sent/ dispatched only to the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders who have provided an Indian address to our Company. In case such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders have provided their valid e -mail address, this Letter of Offer, the Application Form, the 
Rights Entitlement Letter and other  Issue material  will be sent only to their valid e -mail address and in 
case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have not provided their valid e -mail address, then the Application 
Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and other  Issue material will be physically dispatched, on a 
reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided by them.  
Further, this Letter of Offer  will be sent/ dispatched to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have 
provided their Indian address and who have made a request in this regard .  
Investors can access the Draft Letter of Offer , this Letter of Offer  and the Application Form (provided 
that the Eligible Equity Shareholder is eligible to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares under applicable 
laws) on the websites of:  
(i) our Company at  www.natcopharma.co.in ; 
(ii) the Registrar at https://rights.kfintech.com/ ; 
(iii) the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com, and www.nseindia.com   
To update the respective Indian addresses/e -mail addresses/phone or mobile numbers in the 
records maintained by the Registrar or by our Company, in case shares held in physical mode or 
 
 
85 
 contact with their Depository participant in case shares held in demat mode , Eligible Equity 
Shareholders should visit  www.natcopharma.co.in .  
Eligible Equity Shareholders can also obtain the details of their respective Rights Entitlements 
from the website of the Registrar ( i.e., https://rights.kfintech.com/ ) by entering their DP ID and 
Client ID or folio number (for Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical 
form as on Record Date). The link for the same shall also be available on the website of our 
Company at www.natcopharma.co.in . 
Please note that neither our Company nor the Registrar shall be responsible for not sending the 
physical copies of Issue materials, including this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and 
the Application Form or delay in the receipt of this Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter 
or the Application Form attributable to non -availability of the e -mail addresses of Eligible Equity 
Shareholders or electronic transmission delays or failures, or if the Application Forms or the 
Rights Entitlement Letters ar e delayed or misplaced in the transit.  
The distribution of this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the issue of Rights Equity 
Shares on a rights basis to persons in certain jurisdictions outside India is restricted by legal requirements 
prevailing in those jurisdictions. No action has been, or will be, taken to permit t his Issue in any 
jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose, except that the Draft Letter of Offer was 
filed with the Stock Exchanges for their in -principle approvals and this Letter of Offer  is being filed with 
Stock Exchanges  and subsequently will be filed with SEBI for information and dissemination.  
Accordingly, Rights Equity Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and the Issue 
Materials may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except in accordance with and as permitted under 
the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdict ion. Receipt of the Issue Materials will not constitute 
an offer, invitation to or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such 
an offer, invitation or solicitation is unlawful or not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such an offer, invitation or soli citation. In those circumstances, such Issue Materials must be 
treated as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for making an Application and should 
not be copied or re -distributed.  
Accordingly, persons receiving a copy of this Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter or the 
Application Form should not, in connection with the issue of the Rights Equity Shares or the Rights 
Entitlements, distribute or send this Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application 
Form in or into any jurisdiction where to do so, would, or might, contravene local securities laws or 
regulations or would subject our Company or its affiliates to any filing or registration requirement (other 
than in India) . If this Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form is received 
by any person in any such jurisdiction, or by their agent or nominee, they must not seek to make an 
Application or acquire the Rights Entitlements referred to in this Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement 
Letter or the Application Form. Any person who purchases or renounces the Rights Entitlements or 
makes an application to acquire the Rights Equity Shares offered in the Issue will be deemed to have 
declared, represented and warranted that such person is outside the United States and is eligible to 
subscribe and authorized to purchase or sell the Rights Entitlements or acquire the Rights Equity Shares 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations prevailing in such person’s jurisdiction and India, 
without requirement for our Company or our affiliates to make any filing or registration (other than in 
India).  For more details, see “ Restrictions on Purchases and Resales ” on page 115. 
This Letter of Offer  will be provided, primarily through e -mail, by the Registrar on behalf of our 
Company to the Eligible Equity Shareholders , and in case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have 
not provided their valid e -mail address, then the Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter 
and other Issue Materials will be physically dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders  who have provided their Indian addresses to our Company and who make a 
request in this regard.  
II. PROCESS  OF MAKING AN APPLICATION IN THE ISSUE  
• In accordance with Regulation 76 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI ICDR Master 
Circular and the ASBA Circulars, all Investors desiring to make an Application in this 
Issue are mandatorily required to use the ASBA process. Investors should carefully re ad 
the provisions applicable to such Applications before making their Application through 
ASBA.  
 
 
86 
  
The Application Form can be used by the Eligible Equity Shareholders as well as the 
Renouncees to make Applications in this Issue basis the Rights Entitlement credited in their 
respective demat accounts  or demat suspense escrow account, as applicable . For further details  
on the Rights Entitlements and demat suspense escrow account , see “ – Credit of Rights 
Entitlements in demat accounts of Eligible Equity Shareholders ” on page 98. 
Please note that one single Application Form shall be used by Investors to make Applications 
for all Rights Entitlements available in a particular demat account. In case of Investors who 
have provided details of demat account in accordance with the SEBI IC DR Regulations, such 
Investors will have to apply for the Rights Equity Shares from the same demat account in which 
they are holding the Rights Entitlements and in case of multiple demat accounts, the Investors 
are required to submit a separate Application  Form for each demat account.  
Investors may apply for the Rights Equity Shares by submitting the Application Form to the 
Designated Branch of the SCSB or online/electronic Application through the website of the 
SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB) for authorising such SCSB to block A pplication 
Money payable on the Application in their respective ASBA Accounts.  
Investors are also advised to ensure that the Application Form is correctly filled up stating 
therein that the ASBA Account in which an amount equivalent to the amount payable on 
Application as stated in the Application Form will be blocked by the SCSB.  
Applicants should carefully fill -in their depository account details and PAN in the 
Application Form or while submitting application through online/electronic Application 
through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB). Please note that 
incorrect depository account details or PAN or Application Forms without depository 
account details shall be treated as incomplete and shall be rejected . For details, see “- 
Grounds for Technical Rejection ” on page 94. Our Company , the Registrar and the SCSBs 
shall not be liable for any incomplete or incorrect demat details provided by the 
Applicants.  
Additionally, in terms of Regulation 78 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Investors may choose 
to accept the offer to participate in this Issue by making plain paper Applications. Please note 
that SCSBs shall accept such applications only if all details requir ed for making the application 
as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations are specified in the plain paper application and that Eligible 
Equity Shareholders making an application in this Issue by way of plain paper applications shall 
not be permitted to renounce any portion of their Rights Entitlements and such Investors shall 
not utilise the Application Form for any purpose including renunciation even if it is received 
subsequently. For details, see “- Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders on 
Plain Paper under ASBA process” on page  89. 
• Options available to the Eligible Equity Shareholders  
 
The Rights Entitlement Letter will clearly indicate the number of Rights Equity Shares that the 
Eligible Equity Shareholder is entitled to in the Issue.  
If the Eligible Equity Shareholder applies in this Issue, then such Eligible Equity Shareholder 
can: 
(i) apply for its Rights Equity Shares to the full extent of its Rights Entitlements; or  
(ii) apply for its Rights Equity Shares to the extent of part of its Rights Entitlements 
(without renouncing the other part); or  
(iii) apply for Rights Equity Shares to the extent of part of its Rights Entitlements and 
renounce the other part of its Rights Entitlements; or  
(iv) apply for its Rights Equity Shares to the full extent of its Rights Entitlements and 
apply for Additional Rights Equity Shares; or  
(v) renounce its Rights Entitlements in full ; or  
 
 
87 
 (vi) in case of Promoter and Promoter Group, renouncement of their Rights Entitlements 
can be made in favour of Specific Investors , if any.  
• Making of an Application through the ASBA process  
 
An Investor, wishing to participate in this Issue through the ASBA facility, is required to have 
an ASBA enabled bank account with SCSBs, prior to making the Application. Investors desiring 
to make an Application in this Issue through ASBA process, may sub mit the Application Form 
in physical mode to the Designated Branches of the SCSB or online/ electronic Application 
through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB) for authorizing such SCSB 
to block Application Money payable on the Applica tion in their respective ASBA Accounts.  
Investors should ensure that they have correctly submitted the Application Form and have 
provided an authorisation to the SCSB, via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA 
Account equivalent to the Application Money mentioned in the Application Form, as the case 
may be, at the time of submission of the Application.  
For the list of banks which have been notified by SEBI to act as SCSBs for the ASBA process, 
please refer to 
www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34.  
Please note that subject to SCSBs complying with the requirements of the SEBI circular bearing 
reference number CIR/CFD/DIL/13/2012 dated September 25, 2012, within the periods 
stipulated therein, Applications may be submitted at the Designated Branches of  the SCSBs. 
Further, in terms of the SEBI circular bearing reference number CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2013 dated 
January 2, 2013, it is clarified that for making Applications by SCSBs on their own account 
using ASBA facility, each such SCSB should have a separate acco unt in its own name with any 
other SEBI registered SCSB(s). Such account shall be used solely for the purpose of making an 
Application in this Issue and clear demarcated funds should be available in such account for 
such an Application.  
 Our Company, their directors, their employees, affiliates, associates and their respective 
directors and officers and the Registrar shall not take any responsibility for acts, mistakes, 
errors, omissions and commissions etc., in relation to Applications accepted by SCSBs, 
Applications uploaded by SCSBs, Applications accepted but not uploaded by SCSBs or 
Applications accepted and uploaded without blocking funds in the ASBA Accounts.  
Investors applying through the ASBA facility should carefully read the provisions applicable to 
such Applications before making their Application through the ASBA process.  
Do’s for Investors applying through ASBA:  
(a) Ensure that the necessary details are filled in the Application Form including the details 
of the ASBA Account.  
(b) Ensure that the details about your Depository Participant, PAN and beneficiary account 
are correct and the beneficiary account is activated as the Rights Equity Shares will be 
Allotted in the dematerialized form only.  
(c) Ensure that the Applications are submitted with the Designated Branch of the SCSBs 
and details of the correct bank account have been provided in the Application.  
(d) Ensure that there are sufficient funds (equal to {number of Rights Equity Shares 
(including Additional Rights Equity Shares) applied for} X {Application Money of 
Equity Shares}) available in ASBA Account mentioned in the Application Form before 
submitting the Application to the respective Designated Branch of the SCSB.  
(e) Ensure that you have authorised the SCSB for blocking funds equivalent to the total 
amount payable on application mentioned in the Application Form, in the ASBA 
Account, of which details are provided in the Application Form and have signed the 
same.  
 
 
88 
 (f) Ensure that you have a bank account with SCSBs providing ASBA facility in your 
location and the Application is made through that SCSB providing ASBA facility in 
such location.  
(g) Ensure that you receive an acknowledgement from the Designated Branch of the SCSB 
for your submission of the Application Form in physical form or plain paper 
Application.  
(h) Ensure that the name(s) given in the Application Form is exactly the same as the 
name(s) in which the beneficiary account is held with the Depository Participant. In 
case the Application Form is submitted in joint names, ensure that the beneficiary 
account  is also held in same joint names and such names are in the same sequence in 
which they appear in the Application Form and the Rights Entitlement Letter.  
(i) Ensure that your PAN is linked with Aadhaar and you are in compliance with CBDT 
notification dated Feb ruary  13, 2020 read with press release dated June 25, 2021 and 
September 17, 2021.  
Don’ts for Investors applying through ASBA:  
(a) Do not apply if you are not eligible to participate in the Issue under the securities laws 
applicable to your jurisdiction.  
(b) Do not submit the Application Form after you have submitted a plain paper Application 
to a Designated Branch of the SCSB or vice versa . 
(c) Do not send your physical Application to the Registrar, the Bankers to the Issue 
(assuming that such Bankers to the Issue are not SCSB’s) , a branch of the SCSB which 
is not a Designated Branch of the SCSB or our Company; instead submit the same to 
a Designated Branch of the SCSB only.  
(d) Do not instruct the SCSBs to unblock the funds blocked under the ASBA process upon 
making the Application.  
(e) Do not submit Application Form using third party ASBA account.  
(f) Avoid applying on the Issue Closing Date due to risk of delay/restriction in making 
any physical Application.  
(g) Do not submit Multiple Application Forms.  
• Application by specific investor(s), if any and applicable  
 
In case of renunciation of Rights Entitlement to specific investor(s) by our Promoters or 
members of the Promoter Group  
Our Promoters or members of the Promoter Group may renounce any portion of their Rights 
Entitlement to one or more specific investor(s) subject to disclosure of the same in terms of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. The name of the specific investor(s) (i.e. the Renouncee), the name of 
our Promoters or members of the Promoter Group (i.e., renouncer) and the number of Rights 
Entitlements renounce d in favour of such specific investor(s) shall be disclosed by our Company 
in the public advertisement at least two days prior to the Issue Opening Date.  
In case of such renunciation of Rights Entitlement by our Promoters or members of the Promoter 
Group to any specific investor, all rights and obligations of the Eligible Equity Shareholders in 
relation to the Applications and refunds pertaining to the Issu e shall apply to the specific 
investor (i.e. the Renouncee) as well.  
Time limit for renouncing of Rights Entitlement by our Promoters and members of the Promoter 
Group and credit of Rights Entitlement to specific investor should be specified such that the 
specific investor is able to apply before 11:00 a.m. (Indian Standard  Time) on Issue Opening 
Date. On market Rights Entitlement renunciation may not be possible in such case considering 
 
 
89 
 T+2 rolling settlement.  The Application by such specific investor(s) shall be made on Issue 
Opening Date before 11:00 am (Indian Standard Time) and no withdrawal of such Application 
by the specific investor(s) shall be permitted. Our Company undertakes to disclose to the Stock 
Exchanges whether such Specific Investor(s) have made the Application or not, for 
dissemination on the Issue Opening Date by 11:30 a.m. (Indian Standard Time).  
In case of allotment of any undersubscribed portion of the Rights Issue to specific investor(s)  
 
Our Company may allot any undersubscribed portion (if any) of the Rights Issue to one or more 
specific investor(s) and the names of such specific investor(s) shall be disclosed by our 
Company in the public advertisement at least two days prior to the Issue  Opening Date. The 
Application by such specific investor(s) shall be made along with their Application Money 
before the finalisation of Basis of Allotment for undersubscribed portion of the Rights Issue in 
co-ordination with our Company and Registrar.  
 
• Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders  on Plain Paper under ASBA 
process  
 
An Eligible Equity Shareholder in India who is eligible to apply under the ASBA process may 
make an Application to subscribe to this Issue on plain paper in terms of Regulation 78 of SEBI 
ICDR Regulations in case of non -receipt of Application Form as detai led above. In such cases 
of non -receipt of the Application Form through physical delivery (where applicable) and the 
Eligible Equity Shareholder not being in a position to obtain it from any other source may make 
an Application to subscribe to this Issue o n plain paper with the same details as per the 
Application Form that is available on the website of the Registrar or Stock Exchanges. An 
Eligible Equity Shareholder shall submit the plain paper Application to the Designated Branch 
of the SCSB for authorisi ng such SCSB to block Application Money in the said bank account 
maintained with the same SCSB. Applications on plain paper will not be accepted from any 
Eligible Equity Shareholder who has not provided an Indian address.  
Please note that in terms of Regulation 78 of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders who are making the Application on plain paper shall not be entitled to renounce 
their Rights Entitlements and should not utilize the Application Form for any purpose including 
renunciation even if it is received subsequently.  
The Application on plain paper, duly signed by the Eligible Equity Shareholder including joint 
holders, in the same order and as per specimen recorded with his/her bank, must reach the office 
of the Designated Branch of the SCSB before the Issue Closing Da te and should contain the 
following particulars:  
1. Name of our Company, being NATCO Pharma  Limited;  
2. Name and address of the Eligible Equity Shareholder including joint holders (in the 
same order and as per specimen recorded with our Company or the Depository);  
3. DP and Client ID  in which RE held ; 
4. Except for Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government, the residents of 
Sikkim and the officials appointed by the courts, PAN of the Eligible Equity 
Shareholder and for each Eligible Equity Shareholder in case of joint names, 
irrespective of  the total value of the Equity Shares applied for pursuant to this Issue;  
5. Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date;  
6. Allotment option – only dematerialised form;  
7. Number of Rights Equity Shares entitled to;  
8. Number of Rights Equity Shares applied for within the Rights Entitlements;  
9. Number of Additional Rights Equity Shares applied for, if any (applicable only if entire 
Rights Entitlements have been applied for);  
 
 
90 
 10. Total number of Rights Equity Shares applied for;  
11. Total Application amount paid at the rate of ₹ 750 per Rights Equity Share;  
12. Details of the ASBA Account such as the SCSB account number, name, address and 
branch of the relevant SCSB;  
13. In case of non -resident Eligible Equity Shareholders making an application with an 
Indian address, details of the NRE / FCNR/ NRO account such as the account number, 
name, address and branch of the SCSB with which the account is maintained;  
14. Authorisation to the Designated Branch of the SCSB to block an amount equivalent to 
the Application Money in the ASBA Account;  
15. Signature of the Eligible Equity Shareholder (in case of joint holders, to appear in the 
same sequence and order as they appear in the records of the SCSB); and  
16. All such Eligible Equity Shareholders shall be deemed to have made the 
representations, warranties and agreements set forth in “ Restrictions on Purchases and 
Resales – Representations, Warranties and Agreements by Purchasers ” on page 116, 
and shall include the following:  
“I/ We understand that neither the Rights Entitlements nor the Rights Equity Shares 
have been, or will be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“U.S. Securities Act ”), or any United States state securities laws, and may not be 
offered, sold, resold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to the 
territories or possessions thereof (the “ United States ”), except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
U.S. Securities Act. I/ we understand the Rights Equity Shares referred to in this 
application are being offered and sold in offshore transaction s outside the United 
States in compliance with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act (“ Regulation S ”) 
to Eligible Equity Shareholders located in jurisdictions where such offer and sale of 
the Rights Equity Shares is permitted under laws of such jurisdictions. I/ we understand 
that the Issue is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an of fering of 
any Rights Equity Shares or Rights Entitlements for sale in the United States, or as a 
solicitation therein of an offer to buy any of the said Rights Equity Shares or Rights 
Entitlements in the United States. I/ we confirm that I am/ we are (a) n ot in the United 
States and eligible to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares under applicable securities 
laws, (b) complying with laws of jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection 
with the Issue, and (c) understand that neither the Company, n or the Registrar or any 
other person acting on behalf of the Company will accept subscriptions from any 
person, or the agent of any person, who appears to be, or who the Company, the 
Registrar or any other person acting on behalf of the Company have reason  to believe 
is in the United States or is outside of India and ineligible to participate in this Issue 
under the securities laws of their jurisdiction.  
I/ We will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer any of the Rights Equity Shares which 
may be acquired by us in any jurisdiction or under any circumstances in which such 
offer or sale is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such 
offer, sale or invitation. I/ We satisfy, and each account for which I/ we are acting 
satisfies, (a) all suitability standards for investors in investments of the type subscribed 
for herein imposed by the jurisdiction of my/our residence, and (b) is eligibl e to 
subscribe and is subscribing for the Rights Equity Shares and Rights Entitlements in 
compliance with applicable securities and other laws of our jurisdiction of residence.  
I/we hereby make the representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements 
set forth in the section of the Letter of Offer  titled “Restrictions on Purchases and 
Resales” on page 115. 
I/ We understand and agree that the Rights Entitlements and Rights Equity Shares may 
not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an offshore 
 
 
91 
 transaction in compliance with Regulation S, or otherwise pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. 
Securities Act.  
I/ We acknowledge that the Company their affiliates and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing representations and agreements.”  
Investors are requested to strictly adhere to these instructions. Failure to do so could result in 
an Application being rejected, with our Company and the Registrar not having any liability to 
the Investor. The plain paper Application format will be availa ble on the website of the Registrar 
at https://rights.kfintech.com/ . 
Our Company and the Registrar shall not be responsible if the Applications are not uploaded by 
the SCSB or funds are not blocked in the Investors’ ASBA Accounts on or before the Issue 
Closing Date.  
• Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form  
 
In accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI ICDR 
Master Circular, the credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of Rights Equity Shares shall 
be made in dematerialised form only. Accordingly, Eligible Equity Sharehol ders holding Equity 
Shares in physical form as on Record Date and desirous of subscribing to Rights Equity Shares 
in this Issue are advised to furnish the details of their demat account to the Registrar or our 
Company at least two clear  Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to enable the credit 
of their Rights Entitlements in their respective demat accounts at least one day before the Issue 
Closing Date.  
Prior to the Issue Opening Date, the Rights Entitlements of those Eligible Equity Shareholders, 
among others, who hold Equity Shares in physical form, and/or whose demat account details 
are not available with our Company or the Registrar, shall be credited  in the Demat Suspense 
Account.  
Eligible Equity Shareholders, who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date and 
who have opened their demat accounts after the Record Date, shall adhere to following 
procedure for participating in this Issue:  
(a) The Eligible Equity Shareholders  to send form ISR1, ISR2 (in case signature does not 
match with RTA record), ISR -4, client master copy, copy of self-attested  PAN, original 
cancelled cheque to RTA  above  documents should reach with RTA no later than two 
clear Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date ; 
(b) The Registrar shall, after verifying the details of such demat account, transfer the 
Rights Entitlements of such Eligible Equity Shareholders to their demat accounts at 
least one day before the Issue Closing Date; and  
(c) The remaining procedure for Application shall be same as set out in the section titled 
“– Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders  on Plain Paper under 
ASBA process ” on page 89. 
Resident Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on the 
Record Date will not be allowed to renounce their Rights Entitlements in the Issue. However, 
such Eligible Equity Shareholders, where the dematerialized Rights Entitlem ents are transferred 
from the Demat Suspense Account to the respective demat accounts within prescribed timelines, 
can apply for Additional Rights Equity Shares while submitting the Application through ASBA 
process.  
Application for Additional Rights Equity Shares  
Investors are eligible to apply for Additional Rights Equity Shares over and above their Rights 
Entitlements, provided that they are eligible to apply for Equity Shares under applicable law 
and they have applied for all the Rights Equity Shares forming par t of their Rights Entitlements 
 
 
92 
 without renouncing them in whole or in part. Where the number of Additional Rights Equity 
Shares applied for exceeds the number available for Allotment, the Allotment would be made 
as per the Basis of Allotment finalised in consultation with the Designated  Stock Exchange. 
Applications for Additional Rights Equity Shares shall be considered,  and Allotment shall be 
made in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in the manner as set out in the section 
titled “- Basis of Allotment ” on page  107. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who renounce their Rights Entitlements cannot apply for 
Additional Rights Equity Shares. Non-resident Renouncees who are not Eligible Equity 
Shareholders cannot apply for Additional Rights Equity Shares unless regulatory 
approvals are submitted.  
Additional general instructions for Investors in relation to making of an Application  
(a) Please read this Letter of Offer  carefully to understand the Application process and 
applicable settlement process.  
(b) Please read the instructions on the Application Form sent to you. Application should 
be complete in all respects. The Application Form found incomplete with regard to any 
of the particulars required to be given therein, and/or which are not completed in 
conformity with the terms of this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the 
Application Form are liable to be rejected. The Application Form must be filled in 
English.  
(c) In case of non -receipt of Application Form, Application can be made on plain paper 
mentioning all necessary details as mentioned under the section titled “ - Making of an 
Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders  on Plain Paper under ASBA process” on 
page 89. 
(d) Applications should be submitted to the Designated Branch of the SCSB or made 
online/electronic through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB) 
for authorising such SCSB to block Application Money payable on the Application in 
their respe ctive ASBA Accounts. Please note that on the Issue Closing Date, 
Applications through ASBA process will be uploaded until 5.00 p.m. (Indian Standard 
Time) or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchanges.  
(e) Applications should not be submitted to the Bankers to the Issue, our Company or the 
Registrar.  
(f) All Applicants, and in the case of Application in joint names, each of the joint 
Applicants, should mention their PAN allotted under the Income -Tax Act, irrespective 
of the amount of the Application. Except for Applications on behalf of the Central or 
the State Government, the residents of Sikkim and the officials appointed by the courts, 
Applications without PAN will be considered incomplete and are liable to be rejected. 
With effect from August 16, 2010, the demat accounts for Investors for which PAN 
details have not been verified shall be “suspended for credit” and no Allotment and 
credi t of Rights Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue shall be made into the accounts of 
such Investors.  
(g) Ensure that the demographic details such as address, PAN, DP ID, Client ID, bank 
account details and occupation (“ Demographic Details ”) are updated, true and 
correct, in all respects. Investors applying under this Issue should note that on the basis 
of name of the Investors, DP ID and Client ID  provided by them in the Application 
Form or the plain paper Applications, as the case may be, the Registrar will obtain 
Demographic Details from the Depository. Therefore, Investors applying under this 
Issue should carefully fill in their Depository Accoun t details in the Application. These 
Demographic Details would be used for all correspondence with such Investors 
including mailing of the letters intimating unblocking of bank account of the respective 
Investor and/or refund. The Demographic Details given by the Investors in the 
Application Form would not be used for any other purposes by the Registrar. Hence, 
Investors are advised to update their Demographic Details as provided to their 
 
 
93 
 Depository Participants. The Allotment Advice and the intimation on unblocking 
of ASBA Account or refund (if any) would be mailed to the address of the Investor 
as per the Indian address provided to our Company or the Registrar or 
Demographic Details received from the Depositories . The Registrar will give 
instructions to the SCSBs for unblocking funds in the ASBA Account to the extent 
Rights Equity Shares are not Allotted to such Investor. Please note that any such 
delay shall be at the sole risk of the Investors and none of our Co mpany, the 
SCSBs, or Registrar shall be liable to compensate the Investor for any losses 
caused due to any such delay or be liable to pay any interest for such delay. In 
case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that match three 
param eters, (a) names of the Investors (including the order of names of joint 
holders), (b) DP ID, and (c) Client ID, then such Application Forms are liable to 
be rejected.  
(h) By signing the Application Forms, Investors would be deemed to have authorised the 
Depositories to provide, upon request, to the Registrar, the required Demographic 
Details as available on its records.  
(i) For physical Applications through ASBA at Designated Branches of SCSB, signatures 
should be either in English or Hindi or in any other language specified in the Eighth 
Schedule to the Constitution of India. Signatures other than in any such language or 
thumb impression must be attested by a Notary Public or a Special Executive 
Magistrate under his/her official seal. The Investors must sign the Application as per 
the specimen signature recorded with the SCSB.  
(j) Investors should provide correct DP ID and Client ID/ folio number (for Eligible 
Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date) 
while submitting the Application. Such DP ID and Client ID/ folio number should 
match the demat account details in the records available with Company and/or 
Registrar, failing which such Application is liable to be rejected. Investor will be solely 
responsible for any error or inaccurate detail provided in the Application. Our 
Company, SCSBs or the R egistrar will not be liable for any such rejections.  
(k) In case of joint holders and physical Applications through ASBA process, all joint 
holders must sign the relevant part of the Application Form in the same order and as 
per the specimen signature(s) recorded with the SCSB. In case of joint Applicants, 
refer ence, if any, will be made in the first Applicant’s name and all communication 
will be addressed to the first Applicant.  
(l) All communication in connection with Application for the Rights Equity Shares, 
including any change in contact details of the Eligible Equity Shareholders should be 
addressed to the Registrar prior to the date of Allotment in this Issue quoting the name 
of the first/sole Applicant, folio number (for Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold 
Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date)/DP ID and Client ID and 
Application Form number, as applicable. In case of any change in contact details of 
the Eligible Eq uity Shareholders, the Eligible Equity Shareholders should also send 
the intimation for such change to the respective depository participant, or to our 
Company or the Registrar in case of Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares in physical form.  
(m) Investors are required to ensure that the number of Rights Equity Shares applied for 
by them does not exceed the prescribed limits under the applicable law.  
(n) Do not apply if you are ineligible to participate in this Issue under the securities laws 
applicable to your jurisdiction.  
(o) Do not submit the GIR number instead of the PAN as the application is liable to be 
rejected on this ground.  
(p) Avoid applying on the Issue Closing Date due to risk of delay/ restrictions in making 
any physical Application.  
 
 
94 
 (q) Do not pay the Application Money in cash, by money order, pay order or postal order.  
(r) Do not submit Multiple Applications.  
(s) An Applicant being an OCB is required not to be under the adverse notice of RBI and 
in order to apply in this Issue as an incorporated non -resident must do so in accordance 
with the FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules, as amended.  
(t) Ensure that your PAN is linked with Aadhaar,  and you are in compliance with CBDT 
notification dated February 13, 2020,  and press release dated June 25, 2021,  and 
September 17, 2021.  
• Grounds for Technical Rejection  
 
Applications made in this Issue are liable to be rejected on the following grounds:  
(a) DP ID and Client ID mentioned in Application does not match with the DP ID and 
Client ID records available with the Registrar.  
(b) Details of PAN mentioned in the Application does not match with the PAN records 
available with the Registrar / Depository . 
(c) Sending an Application to our Company, Registrar, Bankers to the Issue, to a branch 
of a SCSB which is not a Designated Branch of the SCSB.  
(d) Insufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account with the SCSB for blocking the 
Application Money.  
(e) Funds in the ASBA Account whose details are mentioned in the Application Form 
having been frozen pursuant to regulatory orders.  
(f) Account holder not signing the Application or declaration mentioned therein.  
(g) Submission of more than one Application Form for Rights Entitlements available in a 
particular demat account.  
(h) Multiple Application Forms, including cases where an Investor submits Application 
Forms along with a plain paper Application.  
(i) Submitting the GIR number instead of the PAN (except for Applications on behalf of 
the Central or State Government, the residents of Sikkim and the officials appointed 
by the courts).  
(j) Applications by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, 
except Applications by minors having valid demat accounts as per the Demographic 
Details provided by the Depositories.  
(k) Applications by SCSB on own account, other than through an ASBA Account in its 
own name with any other SCSB.  
(l) Application Forms which are not submitted by the Investors within the time periods 
prescribed in the Application Form and this Letter of Offer . 
(m) Physical Application Forms not duly signed by the sole or joint Investors, as 
applicable.  
(n) Application Forms accompanied by stock invest, outstation cheques, post -dated 
cheques, money order, postal order or outstation demand drafts.  
(o) If an Investor is (a) debarred by SEBI; or (b) if SEBI has revoked the order or has 
provided any interim relief then failure to attach a copy of such SEBI order allowing 
the Investor to subscribe to their Rights Entitlements.  
 
 
95 
 (p) Applications which: (i) appears to our Company or its agents to have been executed 
in, electronically transmitted from or dispatched from the United States or other 
jurisdictions where the offer and sale of the Rights Equity Shares is not permitted under 
laws of such jurisdictions; (ii) does not include the relevant certifications set out in the 
Application Form, including to the effect that the person submitting and/or renouncing 
the Application Form is outside the United States , and is eligible to subscribe for the 
Rights Equity Shares under applicable securities laws and is complying with laws of 
jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection with this Issue ; and our Company 
shall not be bound to issue or allot any Rights Equity Shares in respect of any such 
Application Form.  
(q) Applications which have evidence of being executed or made in contravention of 
applicable securities laws.  
(r) Application from Investors that are residing in U.S. address as per the depository 
records.  
(s) Applicants not having the requisite approvals to make Application in the Issue.  
(t) RE not available in DPID on Issue Closing Date.  
• Multiple Applications  
 
In case where multiple Applications are made using same demat account in respect of the same 
set of Rights Entitlement, such Applications shall be liable to be rejected. A separate 
Application can be made in respect of Rights Entitlements in each demat acc ount of the 
Investors,  and such Applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. Similarly, a 
separate Application can be made against Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and Equity 
Shares held in physical form, and such Applications shall not be treated as mul tiple applications. 
Further supplementary Applications in relation to further Rights Equity Shares with/without 
using additional Rights Entitlement will not be treated as multiple application. A separate 
Application can be made in respect of each scheme of a mutual fund registered with SEBI and 
such Applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. For details, see “- Procedure for 
Applications by Mutual Funds ” on page 97. 
In cases where Multiple Application Forms are submitted, including cases where (a) an Investor 
submits Application Forms along with a plain paper Application or (b) multiple plain paper 
Applications (c) or multiple applications through ASBA, such Applicati ons may be treated as 
multiple applications and are liable to be rejected  or all the balance shares other than Rights 
Entitlement will be considered as additional shares applied for , other than multiple applications 
submitted by any of our Promoter s or members of our Promoter Group to meet the minimum 
subscription requirements applicable to this Issue as described in the section titled “ Summary 
of Letter of Offer  – Intention and extent of participation by our Promoters and Promoter Group 
with respect to (i) their rights entitlement and intention to subscribe to their rights entitlement, 
(ii) their intention to subscribe over and above their rights entitlement; and (i ii) their intention 
to renounce their rights entitlement, to specific investor(s) ” on page 44. 
• Procedure for Applications by certain categories of Investors  
 
Procedure for Applications by FPIs  
In terms of applicable FEMA Rules and the SEBI FPI Regulations, investments by FPIs in the 
Equity Shares is subject to certain limits, i.e., the individual holding of an FPI (including its 
investor group (which means multiple entities registered as foreign portfolio investors and 
directly and indirectly having common ownership of more than 50% of common control)) shall 
be below 10% of our pos t-Issue Equity Share capital. In case the total holding of an FPI or 
investor group increases beyond 10% of the total paid -up Equity Share capital of our Company, 
on a fully diluted basis or 10% or more of the paid -up value of any series of debentures or 
preference shares or share warrants that may be issued by our Company, the total investment 
made by the FPI or investor group will be re -classified as FDI subject to the conditions as 
specified by SEBI and RBI in this regard. Further, the aggregate limit of all FPIs investments is 
 
 
96 
 up to the sectoral cap applicable to the sector in which our Company operates. The c eiling of 
investments in our Company by FPIs is 74% through automatic rout e. 
FPIs are permitted to participate in this Issue subject to compliance with conditions and 
restrictions which may be specified by the Government from time to time. FPIs who wish to 
participate in the Issue are advised to use the Application Form for non -residents. Subject to 
compliance with all applicable Indian laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals in terms 
of Regulation 21 of the SEBI FPI Regulations, an FPI may issue, subscribe to or otherwise deal 
in offshore derivative instruments (as defin ed under the SEBI FPI Regulations as any 
instrument, by whatever name called, which is issued overseas by an FPI against securities held 
by it that are listed or proposed to be listed on any recognised stock exchange in India, as its 
underlying) directly o r indirectly, only in the event (i) such offshore derivative instruments are 
issued only to persons registered as Category I FPI under the SEBI FPI Regulations; (ii) such 
offshore derivative instruments are issued only to persons who are eligible for regis tration as 
Category I FPIs (where an entity has an investment manager who is from the Financial Action 
Task Force member country, the investment manager shall not be required to be registered as a 
Category I FPI); (iii) such offshore derivative instruments  are issued after compliance with 
‘know your client’ norms; and (iv) compliance with other conditions as may be prescribed by 
SEBI.  
An FPI issuing offshore derivative instruments is also required to ensure that any transfer of 
offshore derivative instruments issued by or on its behalf, is carried out subject to inter alia the 
following conditions:  
(a) such offshore derivative instruments are transferred only to persons in accordance with 
the SEBI FPI Regulations; and  
(b) prior consent of the FPI is obtained for such transfer, except when the persons to whom 
the offshore derivative instruments are to be transferred to are pre – approved by the 
FPI. 
Procedure for Applications by AIFs, FVCIs, VCFs and FDI route  
The SEBI VCF Regulations and the SEBI FVCI Regulations prescribe, among other things, the 
investment restrictions on VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI. Further, the SEBI AIF 
Regulations prescribe, among other things, the investment restrictions on AIFs.  
As per the SEBI VCF Regulations and SEBI FVCI Regulations, VCFs and FVCIs are not 
permitted to invest in listed companies pursuant to rights issues. Accordingly, applications by 
VCFs or FVCIs will not be accepted in this Issue. Further, venture capital fun ds registered as 
Category I AIFs, as defined in the SEBI AIF Regulations, are not permitted to invest in listed 
companies pursuant to rights issues. Accordingly, applications by venture capital funds 
registered as category I AIFs, as defined in the SEBI AI F Regulations, will not be accepted in 
this Issue. Other categories of AIFs are permitted to apply in this Issue subject to compliance 
with the SEBI AIF Regulations. Such AIFs having bank accounts with SCSBs that are providing 
ASBA in cities / centres wher e such AIFs are located are mandatorily required to make use of 
the ASBA facility. Otherwise, applications of such AIFs are liable for rejection.  
Procedure for Applications by NRIs  
Investments by NRIs are governed by the FEMA Rules. Applications will not be accepted from 
NRIs that are ineligible to participate in this Issue under applicable securities laws.  
As per the FEMA Rules, an individual person resident outside India, including a Non -Resident 
Indian ( “NRI”) or an Overseas Citizen of India ( “OCI ”), may purchase or sell equity 
instruments of a listed Indian company on repatriation basis, on a recognised stock exchange in 
India, through a branch designated by an authorised dealer for the purpose, subject to the 
conditions,  inter alia , that the total holding by any such individual will be less than 10% of the 
total paid -up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or will be less than 10% of the paid -up value 
of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by a n Indian company 
and the total holdings of all such individuals put together will not exceed 24% of the total paid -
 
 
97 
 up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 24% of the paid -up value of each 
series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The sectoral cap applicable to our 
Company is 100% through government approval route and 74% through automatic route and 
the aggregate ceiling for investment by FPIs in our Company is 74% through automatic route . 
The aggregate ceiling for individual persons resident outside India, including NRIs and OCIs, 
in our Company is 24%.  
Further, in accordance with press note 3 of 2020, the FDI Policy has been amended to state that 
all investments by entities incorporated in a country which shares land border with India or 
where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such 
country ( “Restricted Investors ”), will require prior approval of the Government of India. 
Subsequently, vide press note 2 of 2026 dated March 15, 2026, read with the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non -debt Instruments) (Amendment) Rules, 2026, the FDI Policy has been 
amended to define the  expression ‘beneficial owner ’ in terms of the Prevention of Money -
laundering Act, 2002 and the rules thereunder, and to provide that such prior approval is 
required only where citizen(s) and/or entity(ies) of any such country hold, directly or indirectly, 
individually or cumulatively,  more than 10% of the shares, capital or profits of the investor 
entity, or exercise control over such investor entity, or exercise ultimate effective control over 
the investee entity. Each Investor should seek independent legal advice about its ability to  
participate in the Issue. In the event such prior approval has been obtained, the Investor shall 
intimate our Company and the Registrar about such approval within the Issue Period.  
  
Procedure for Applications by Mutual Funds  
A separate application can be made in respect of each scheme of an Indian mutual fund 
registered with SEBI and such applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. The 
applications made by asset management companies or custodians of a mutual fu nd should 
clearly indicate the name of the concerned scheme for which the application is being made.  
No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its net asset value in equity shares or 
equity related instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be 
applicable for investments in case of index funds or exchange traded fu nded or sector or industry 
specific schemes. No Mutual Fund under all its schemes should own more than 10% of any 
company’s paid -up share capital carrying voting rights.  
Procedure for Applications by Systemically Important Non -Banking Financial Companies 
(“NBFC -SI”) 
In case of an application made by NBFC -SI registered with RBI, (a) the certificate of 
registration issued by RBI under Section 45IA of RBI Act, 1934 and (b) net worth certificate 
from its statutory auditors or any independent chartered accountant based on the last audited 
financial statements is required to be attached to the application.  
Last date for Application  
The last date for submission of the duly filled in the Application Form or a plain paper 
Application is October 22, 2026 , i.e., Issue Closing Date. Our Board or any committee thereof 
may extend the said date for such period as it may determine from time to time, subject to the 
Issue Period not exceeding 30 days from the Issue Opening Date (inclusive of the Issue Opening 
Date).  
If the Application Form is not submitted with an SCSB, uploaded with the Stock Exchanges 
and the Application Money is not blocked with the SCSB, on or before the Issue Closing Date 
or such date as may be extended by our Board or any committee thereof, the invitation to offer 
contained in this Letter of Offer  shall be deemed to have been declined and our Board or any 
committee thereof shall be at liberty to dispose of the Equity Shares hereby offered, as set out 
in the section titled “ - Basis of Allotment ” on page 107. 
 
 
98 
 Please note that on the Issue Closing Date, Applications through ASBA process will be 
uploaded until 5.00 p.m. (Indian Standard Time) or such extended time as permitted by the 
Stock Exchanges.  
Please ensure that the Application Form and necessary details are filled in. In place of 
Application number, Investors can mention the reference number of the e -mail received from 
Registrar informing about their Rights Entitlement or last eight digits of t he demat account. 
Alternatively, SCSBs may mention their internal reference number in place of application 
number.  
Withdrawal of Application  
An Investor who has applied in this Issue may withdraw their Application at any time during 
Issue Period by approaching the SCSB where application is submitted. However, no Investor 
applying through ASBA facility may withdraw their Application post the Iss ue Closing Date. 
In case of Specific Investor in whose favour Promoter s and Promoter Group have renounced 
their Rights Entitlement and the Specific Investors have made an application for subscribing to 
the Rights Entitlement, then no withdrawal of such application will be allowed.   
Disposal of Application and Application Money  
No acknowledgment will be issued for the Application Money received by our Company. 
However, the Designated Branches of the SCSBs receiving the Application Form will 
acknowledge its receipt by stamping and returning the acknowledgment slip at the bottom of  
each Application Form.  
Our Board or a committee thereof reserves its full, unqualified and absolute right to accept or 
reject any Application, in whole or in part, and in either case without assigning any reason 
thereto.  
In case an Application is rejected in full, the whole of the Application Money will be unblocked 
in the respective ASBA Accounts, in case of Applications through ASBA. Wherever an 
Application is rejected in part, the balance of Application Money, if any, a fter adjusting any 
money due on Rights Equity Shares Allotted, will be refunded / unblocked in the respective 
bank accounts from which Application Money was received / ASBA Accounts of the Investor 
within one Working Day  from the Issue Closing Date. In case of failure to do so, our Company 
shall pay interest at such rate and within such time as specified under applicable law.  
For further instructions, please read the Application Form carefully.  
III. CREDIT OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS IN DEMAT ACCOUNTS OF ELIGIBLE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS  
• Rights Entitlements  
 
As your name appears as a beneficial owner in respect of the issued and paid -up Equity Shares 
held in dematerialised form or appears in the register of members of our Company as an Eligible 
Equity Shareholder in respect of our Equity Shares held in physica l form, as on the Record Date, 
you may be titled to subscribe to the number of Rights Equity Shares as set out in the Rights 
Entitlement Letter.  
Eligible Equity Shareholders can also obtain the details of their respective Rights Entitlements 
from the website of the Registrar (i.e., https://rights.kfintech.com/ ) by entering their DP ID and 
Client ID or folio number (for Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical 
form as on Record Date ). The link for the same shall also be available on the website of our 
Company ( i.e., www.natcopharma.co.in ). 
In this regard, our Company has made necessary arrangements with NSDL and CDSL for 
crediting of the Rights Entitlements to the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders 
in a dematerialized form. A separate ISIN for the Rights Entitlements has also  been generated 
 
 
99 
 which is ISIN: INE987B20018 . The said ISIN shall remain frozen (for debit) until the Issue 
Opening Date. The said ISIN shall be suspended for transfer by the Depositories post the Issue 
Closing Date.  
Additionally, our Company will submit the details of the total Rights Entitlements credited to 
the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders and the Demat Suspense Account to the 
Stock Exchanges after completing the corporate action. The details o f the Rights Entitlements 
with respect to each Eligible Equity Shareholders can be accessed by such respective Eligible 
Equity Shareholders on the website of the Registrar after keying in their respective details along 
with other security control measures implemented thereat.  
Rights Entitlements shall be credited to the respective demat accounts of Eligible Equity 
Shareholders before the Issue Opening Date only in dematerialised form. Further, if no 
Application is made by the Eligible Equity Shareholders of Rights Entitlements on or before 
Issue Closing Date, such Rights Entitlements shall lapse and shall be extinguished after the 
Issue Closing Dat e. No Rights Equity Shares for such lapsed Rights Entitlements will be 
credited, even if such Rights Entitlements were purchased from market and purchaser will lose 
the premium paid to acquire the Rights Entitlements. Persons who are credited the Rights 
Entit lements are required to make an Application to apply for Rights Equity Shares offered 
under the Issue for subscribing to the Rights Equity Shares offered under the Issue.  
If  Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date, have 
not provided the details of their demat accounts to our Company or to the Registrar, they are 
required to provide their demat account details to our Company or the Registrar no later than 
two clear Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to enable the credit of the Rights 
Entitlements by way of transfer from the Demat Suspense Account  to their respective demat 
accounts, at least one day before the Issue Closing Date. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
holding shares in physical form can update the details of their respective demat by sending ISR -
1, ISR -2 (in case signature does not match with RTA record), ISR -4 with copy of PAN, original 
Cancelled cheque (name of 1st shareholder should be printed on it), Copy of CML (client 
master) to RTA in original.  Such Eligible Equity Shareholders can make an Application only 
after the Rights Entitlements is credited to their respective demat accounts . 
In accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI ICDR 
Master Circular, the credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of Rights Equity Shares shall 
be made in dematerialized form only. Prior to the Issue Opening Date, our Company shall credit 
the Rights Entitlements to : 
1.  the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in 
dematerialised form.  
 
2. a demat suspense escrow account (namely, “NATCO PHARMA LIMITED SUSPENSE 
ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT ”) opened by our Company, for the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders which would comprise Rights Entitlements relating to  
 
a. Equity Shares held in the account of the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority; or  
b. the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholder which are frozen or the 
Equity Shares which are lying in the unclaimed suspense account (including those 
pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR Regulations) or details of which are 
unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record Date; or  
c. Equity Shares held by Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
physical form as on Record Date where details of demat accounts are not provided 
by Eligible Equity Shareholders to our Company or Registrar; or  
d. credit of the Rights Entitlements returned/reversed/failed; or  
e. the ownership of the Equity Shares currently under dispute, including any court 
proceedings, if any; or  
f. non-institutional equity shareholders in the United States.  
IV. RENUNCIATION AND TRADING OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENT  
 
 
100 
 • Renouncees  
 
All rights and obligations of the Eligible Equity Shareholders in relation to Applications and 
refunds pertaining to this Issue shall apply to the Renouncee(s) as well.  
• Renunciation of Rights Entitlements  
 
This Issue includes a right exercisable by Eligible Equity Shareholders to renounce the Rights 
Entitlements credited to their respective demat account either in full or in part.  
The renunciation from non -resident Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) to resident Indian(s) and vice 
versa shall be subject to provisions of FEMA Rules and other circular, directions, or guidelines 
issued by RBI or the Ministry of Finance from time to time. However, the facility of 
renunciation shall not be available to or operate in favour of an Eligible Equit y Shareholders 
being an erstwhile OCB unless the same is in compliance with the FEMA Rules and other 
circular, directions, or guidelines issued by RBI or the Ministry of Finance from time to time.  
The renunciation of Rights Entitlements credited in your demat account can be made either by 
sale of such Rights Entitlements, using the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges 
or through an off -market transfer.  
• Procedure for Renunciation of Rights Entitlements  
 
The Eligible Equity Shareholders may renounce the Rights Entitlements, credited to their 
respective demat accounts, either in full or in part (a) by using the secondary market platform 
of the Stock Exchanges (the “ On Market Renunciation ”); or (b) through an off -market transfer 
(the “ Off Market Renunciation ”), during the Renunciation Period. The Investors should have 
the demat Rights Entitlements credited / lying in his/her own demat account prior to the 
renunciation. The trades through On Market Renunciation and Off Market Renunciation wil