 
1 
 
 
 Date: September 25, 2026  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra –Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai -  400 051 
 
Symbol: NATCOPHARM  
 BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai 400 001  
Maharashtra, India  
Scrip Code: 524816  
Dear Sir( s)/Madam(s),  
 
Sub: Regulations 30 and 42 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI Listing Regulations ”) and 
Outcome of the meeting of the Board of Directors of Natco Pharma Limited  (the “ Company ”) 
held on September 25 , 2026 
 
Ref: Prior Intimation of Board Meeting dated September 22, 2026  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company ( the “Board ”) at its meeting held on September 25, 2026 , has 
inter alia considered  and approved the following:  
 
1. The issuance of equity shares of the Company of face value of ₹ 2 each (the “ Rights Equity Shares ”) 
for an amount not exceeding ₹ 12,79,35,61,500/ - (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and 
Seventy Nine Crore s Thirty Five  Lakhs Sixty One  Thousand Five Hundred only)  by way of a rights 
issue to the eligible equity shareholders of the Company, as on the record date, in accordance with 
applicable laws, including Companies Act, 2013, as amended and rules made thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as amended (“ Rights Issue ”).  
 
Pursuant to the above and the in- principle approval received from BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited vide their letters, each dated September 21 , 2026, for the proposed Rights 
Issue of the Company, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors at their  meeting held today, 
i.e. on September 25 , 2026 has, inter alia, considered and approved the following terms of the Rights 
Issue:  
 
a. Instrument: Equity shares of face value of ₹ 2 each.  
 
b. Total number of Rights Equity Shares and Rights Issue size: 1,70,58,082 Rights Equity Shares for an 
amount aggregating to ₹ 12,79,35,61,500/ - (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy 
Nine Crores Thirty Five Lakhs Sixty One Thousand Five Hundred only  ) (assuming full subscription  
in the Rights Issue and subject to finalization of Basis of Allotment ). 
 
c. Rights Issue Price: ₹  750/ - (Rupees Seven Hundred and Fifty only)  per Rights Equity Share (including 
a premium of ₹ 748/ - (Rupees Seven Hundred and Forty Eight only)  per Rights Equity Share).  
 
d. Record date: October 1, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
e. Outstanding Equity Shares:  
i. prior to the Rights Issue: 17,91,09, 870 equity shares of the Company;  
ii. post Rights Issue#: 19,61,67,952 equity shares of the Company.  
#Assuming full subscription.  Subject to finalisation of Basis of Allotment.  
 
f. Rights Issue period:  
i. Rights Issue Opening Date: Monday, 12th October , 2026;  
ii. Rights Issue Closing Date: Thursday, 22nd October, 2026 ; and  
iii. On-market renunciation period: Monday, 12th October,  2026 to Friday, 16th October, 2026 
 
g. Other terms of the Rights Issue (including fractional entitlements): To be included in the Letter of 
Offer to be filed by the Company.  
 
h. Rights entitlement ratio and fractional entitlements: The Rights Equity Shares  are being 
offered on a rights basis to Eligible Equity Shareholders in the ratio of 2 (Two)  Rights Equity 
Shares  for every 21 (Twenty One)  fully paid -up Equity Shares held on the record date. For 
Rights Equity Shares being offered under this Issue, if the shareholding of any of the Eligible Equity Shareholders is less than 21 (Twenty One)  Equity Shares or not in the multiple of 21 
(Twenty One) , the fractional entitlement of such Eligible Equity Shareholders shall be ignored 
in the computation of the Rights Entitlement. However, the Eligible Equity Shareholders whose 
fractional entitlements are being ignored, will be given preferential consideration for the allotment of one additional Rights Equity Share  each if they apply for additional Rights Equity 
Shares  over and above their Rights Entitlement, if any, subject to availability of Rights Equity 
Shares in the Issue post allocation towards rights entitlements applied for.  
 
Further, the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding less than 21 (Twenty One)  Equity Shares shall 
have ‘zero’ Rights Entitlement in the Issue. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders are entitled to apply for additional Rights Equity Shares  and will be given preference in the allotment of one 
additional Rights Equity Share  if such Eligible Equity Shareholders apply for the additional 
Rights Equity Shares. However, they cannot renounce the same in favour of third parties and the application forms shall be non -negotiable.    
 
i. Rights Equity Shares in abeyance: The Rights Entitlement on the Rights Equity Shares, the ownership of which is currently under dispute and including any court proceedings or are currently under transmission or are held in a demat suspense account and for which the 
Company has withheld the dividend, shall be held in abeyance and the application form along 
with the Rights Entitlement letter in relation to these Rights Entitlements shall not b e 
dispatched pending resolution of the dispute or court proceedings or completion of the 
transmission or pending their release from the demat suspense escrow account.  On 
submission of such documents /records confirming the legal and beneficial ownership of the 
Rights Equity Shares with regard to these cases on or prior to the closing date of the Issue, to 
the satisfaction of the Company, the Company shall make available the Rights Entitlement on such Rights Equity Shares to the identified Eligible Equity Shareholder.  
 
j. ISIN for rights entitlements: INE987B20018  
 
 
   
 
3 
 
 
 
 
2. The amendment to the Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report trading by designated 
persons  (“Code of Conduct”) . 
 
The Code of Conduct will be available on the website of our Company at https://www.natcopharma.co.in/investor -relations/policies   
 
The meeting of the Board  of Directors  commenced at 10:30 a.m. and completed at 11.00  a.m. 
 This intimation is issued in terms of Regulations 30 and 42 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  
 We request you to take the aforesaid on record . 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Natco Pharma Limited  
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
 