 
 
   Ref. No. NBCC/NSEBSE/2026 -27                      July 14, 2026  
 
नेशनलस्टॉकएक्सचेंजऑफ़ इंडिया डलडिटेि  
एक्सचेंजप्लाजा , 
प्लॉटनंबरसी /1, जीब्लॉक , 
बांद्रा-क ु लााकॉम्प्प्लेक्स  
बांद्रा (ई)-िुंबई 400051 
एनएसईप्रतीक : एनबीसीसी /EQ 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra –Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400051  
 बीएसईडलडिटेि  
डिरोजजीजीभोयटॉवर , 
दलालस्टरीट , 
िुंबई-400001  
 
स्क्रिपकोि: 534309  
 
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai -400001  
 
Subject: Outcome of the NBCC’s Board Meeting held on 14th July 2026.  
 
Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , it is 
hereby informed that  the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14th July 2026, 
has considered and approved the Scheme of Arrangement for Merger of HSCC (India) 
Limited (“HSCC ”/”Transferor Company” ) wholly owned subsidiary with NBCC (India) 
Limited ( “NBCC ”/”Transferee Company” ), on a going concern basis, under the 
provisions of Section s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant 
provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulation s, 2015 , and other applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines.  
The said Scheme of Merger would  be subject to the receipt of requisite approvals, 
permissions, directions, and sanctions from the MCA/Central Government and/or such 
other regulatory and governmen t authorities as may be necessary under the Act and 
other applicable laws.  
The detailed  disclosure  as required under Regulation 30  is enclosed  as Annexure -1. 
 
The meeting commenced at  02:45 p.m. and concluded at 03:30 p.m. 
 
The above information is also available on the Company’s website at:  
https://www.nbccindia.in/webEnglish/announcementNotices  
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
Thanking you,               
Yours sincerely  
For NBCC (India) Limited  
 
 
                                                                          Deepti Gambhir    
                                               Company Secretary  
    F-4984  
  Encl: As above  
 
 
ANNEXURE -1 
Details of the Scheme under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 , 
read with the SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-
POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026:  
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Information  
 1. Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc.:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 i. Transferor Company – HSCC (India) 
Limited (‘HSCC’) , bearing CIN 
U74140DL1983GOI015459 , is a public limited 
company, having its registered office at House 
No. 205 (2nd Floor), East End Plaza, Plot No. 
4, LSC, Centre - II, Vasundhara Enclave, New 
Delhi-110096.  
 
ii. Transferee Company – NBCC (India) 
Limited (‘NBCC’) , bearing CIN 
L74899DL1960GOI003335 , is a listed public  
limited  company having registered Office  at 
NBCC Bhawan, Lodhi Road, New Delhi -
110003.   
 
The details of paid -up share capital, net worth and 
turnover of the companies as on 31st March 2026 , 
based on the audited financial statements / relevant 
certificates, are as follows:  
(INR in Lakhs)  
Name of the 
Company  Paid-up 
Capital  Net Worth  Total 
Turnover  
HSCC  180.01  24,958.69  1,85,0 64.35 
NBCC  27,000.00  2,85,808.39  9,75,531.30  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”.  HSCC and NBCC are both Central Public Sector 
Companies  under the Ministry of Housing and Urban 
Affairs. NBCC holds 100% paid-up eq uity shares in 
HSCC.  
 
As per Regulation 23(5)(a) of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, the provisions of sub -regulations 
(2), (3) and (4) of Regulation 23 of Listing 
Regulations shall not apply to transactions between 
holding Company and wholly owned subsidiary, as 
well as public sector companies. Therefore, no 
approval under Regulation 23 is required for the 
proposed Scheme of merger/ amalgamation between 
HSCC and NBCC.  
 
Further, the proposed merger does not fall within the 
purview of related party transactions under Section 
188 of the Companies Act, 2013 in terms of MCA 
Circular No. 30/2014 dated  17th July 2014.  
 
3. Area of business of the 
entity(ies)  • HSCC, a Schedule –C, Mini Ratna Category - 1 
CPSE under the Ministry of Housing and Urban 
Affairs, is engaged in providing healthcare 
infrastructure consultancy, project management 
and allied infrastructure services in India and 
overseas. Its principal activities include 
conducting conceptual studies, ma nagement 
consultancy assignments, feasibility studies, 
preparation of detailed project reports (DPRs), 
modernization and upgradation studies and 
project management services, particularly in 
relation to hospitals and healthcare infrastructure. 
The Transfero r Company provides its services to 
Central Government Ministries and Departments, 
Public Sector Undertakings , State Governments, 
Private Sector Entities,  and International 
Organizations , including the World Bank and the 
World Health Organization.  
 
• NBCC, a Schedule –A, Navratna CPSE under the 
Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs is engaged 
in the business of Project Management 
Consultancy (“PMC”), Engineering Procurement 
and Construction (“EPC”) and Real Estate 
Developmen t across various sectors including 
residential, commercial, institutional, healthcare 
 
 
and infrastructure projects. The Transferee 
Company offers services to Central Government 
Ministries, State Governments, Public Sector 
Undertakings, Autonomous Bodies, Private 
Entities and other public authorities across India  
and also has overseas  operations . 
4. Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger  The rationale for the proposed  Scheme of Merger is 
as follows – 
 
a) The Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company and is 
engaged in a complementary / allied line of 
business . In order to consolidate such business 
operations under a single entity and facilitate 
more efficient management of the affairs of the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company , it is proposed that the Transferor 
Company be merged with the Transferee 
Company. The proposed merger is expected to 
provide several benefits, including streamlining 
the group structure by red ucing the multiplicity of 
legal and regulatory compliances and achieving 
rationalization of operational and administrative 
costs.  
 
b) The merger will enable more efficient utilization 
and rationalization of capital, assets, resources, 
facilities and provide a consolidated base for 
future growth and expansion of the business of 
the Transferee Company.  
 
c) The merger will:  
 
i. simplify the corporate and shareholding structure 
by eliminating multiple layers within the group, 
reducing managerial overlap, and removing 
duplication of administrative and operational 
functions.  
 
ii. reduce legal, regulatory, administrative, and 
compliance costs associated with maintaining 
separate entities, resulting in improved cost 
efficiencies and economies of scale.  
 
iii. enhance operational efficiency by integrating 
business functions, streamlining management, 
 
 
and enabling focused decision -making and 
seamless implementation of business strategies 
and policies.  
 
iv. strengthen the financial and competitive position 
of the Transferee Company by consolidating its 
asset base, revenues, and operational 
capabilities.  
5. In case of cash 
consideration – amount 
or otherwise share 
exchange ratio.  HSCC is a wholly owned subsidiary of NBCC. 
Accordingly, no shares, cash consideration or any 
other consideration shall be issued/paid by NBCC 
pursuant to the Scheme and no share exchange ratio 
is required.  
 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the equity 
shares held by NBCC and its nominee shareholders in 
HSCC shall stand cancelled in accordance with the 
Scheme.   
 
6. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of listed entity.  There would be no change in the issued, subscribed 
and paid -up share capital, shareholding pattern, 
voting rights, promoter shareholding or public 
shareholding of NBCC pursuant to the Scheme.  
 
   
 
 