 
 
Ref. No: NBCC/NSE BSE /2026 -27                                                       July  18, 2026                                                                                                  
नेशनल  स्टॉक  एक्सचेंज  ऑफ़  इंडिया  लललिटेि  
एक्सचेंज  प्लाजा , 
प्लॉट  नंबर  सी/1, जी ब्लॉक , 
बांद्रा -कुलाा कॉम्पप्लेक्स  
बांद्रा  (ई) 
िुंबई 400051  
एनएसई  प्रतीक : एनबीसीसी /EQ 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra –Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) -Mumbai -400051  
 
 बीएसई  लललिटेि  
फिरोज  जीजीभोय  टॉवर , 
दलाल  स्रीट , 
िुंबई -400001  
 
 
स्क्स्िप  कोि: 534309  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai -400001  
 
 
 
  
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 37(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 – Scheme of Arrangement for Merger between  HSCC 
(India) Limited  with NBCC (India) Limited and their respective Shareholders and Creditors.  
 
Sir, 
 
With reference to our intimation dated July 14, 2026, regarding the outcome of the Board Meeting 
of NBCC (India) Limited ("NBCC"/“Transferee Company”) held on July 14, 2026, wherein the 
Board of Directors, subject to the receipt of requisite approvals, permissions, directions, and 
sanctions, approved the Scheme of Arrangement for Merger between HSCC (India) Limited 
(“HSCC”/”Transferor Company”) , wholly owned subsidiary of NBCC  with NBCC and their 
respective Shareholders and Creditors  (“Scheme”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 with the Appointed Date as April  01, 2026.  
In terms of Regulations 37(6) of the SEBI (LODR) read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, the requirement of obtaining 'No 
Objection Letter' from the Stock Exchanges does not apply to Draft Schemes which solel y provide 
for merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with its holding company.  
Accordingly, as per the said regulation, the abovementioned “Scheme of Arrangement of Merger” 
is enclosed at Annexure -1 for the purpose of disclosure  and disseminating at the stock 
exchange’s website. The above information is also available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.nbccindia.in/webEnglish/announcementNotices  
 
This is for your information and record.  
Thanking You.  
                                                                                Yours sincerely , 
                                                                               For NBCC (India) Limited  
      
Deepti Gambhir    
                                               Company Secretary  
Encl:  Scheme of Arrangement      F-4984  
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT 
FOR MERGER 
BETWEEN 
HSCC (INDIA) LIMITED 
(TRANSFEROR COMPANY) 
WITH 
NBCC (INDIA) LIMITED 
(TRANSFEREE COMPANY) 
AND Annexure - 1 
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS 
UNDER SECTION 230-232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
I. PREAMBLE 
(a) This scheme of merger is presented under Sections 230 -232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements & Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 for merger of HSCC (INDIA) Limited 
("Transferor Company" or "Wholly Owned Subsidiary") with NBCC (INDIA) Limited 
("Transferee Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors. 
(b) The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. Hence, 
the Transferee Company will not issue any shares under the Scheme. The existing holding 
of the Transferee Company and/or its nominees in the Transferor Company shall stand 
cancelled pursuant to the Scheme (as defined hereinafter). Accordingly, no consideration 
shall be paid, and the Transferee Company will not issue any shares under the Scheme. 
(c) In addition, this Scheme also provides for various other matters consequential or 
otherwise integrally connected herewith. 
(d) The Transferee Company is a listed Central Public Sector Enterprise under the 
administrative control of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs ("MoHUA"). This 
Scheme shall be implemented subject to applicable provisions of Law including the 
Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India ("SEBI"), guidelines issued by the Department of Public Enterprises ("DPE"), 
Department of Investment and Public Asset Management ("DIPAM") / MoHUA 
directions, requirements, and other Laws, guidelines and approvals. 
(e) DIPAM, vide Office Memorandum F.No. 7/1/2026-DIPAMV dated 09 July 2026, has 
conveyed its 'No Objection' on the merger of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company under Sections 230 -232 ofthe Companies Act, 2013. 
II. INTRODUCTION 
(a) The Transferor Company is a public limited company incorporated with CIN No. 
U74140DL1983GOI015459 under the Act (as defined hereinafter), having its registered 
office at 205 (2nd Floor), East End Plaza, Plot No.4, LSC, Centre -II, Vasundhara Enclave, 
New Delhi-ll0096 and corporate office at E-6(A), Sector-1, Noida -UP -201301. The 
Transferor Company is engaged in providing consultancy and project management 
services in the healthcare and other sectors in India and overseas. Its principal activities 
include conducting conceptual studies, management consultancy assignments, feasibility 
studies, preparation of detailed project reports (DPRs), modernization and upgradation 
studies, and project management services, particularly in relation to hospitals and 
healthcare infrastructure. The Transferor Company provides its services to central 
government ministries and departments, public sector undertakings, state governments, 
private sector entities, and international organizations, including the World Bank and the 
World Health Organization. 
(b) The Transferee Company is a public limited company incorporated with CIN No. 
L74899DL1960GOI003335 under the Act, having its registered office at NBCC Bhawan, 
1 
Lodhi Road, New Delhi -110003. The shares ofthe Transferee Company are listed on the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (UNSE") and the BSE Limited (UBSE") with ISIN 
Code: INE095N01031. The Transferee Company is engaged in the business of Project 
Management Consultancy (UPMC"), Engineering Procurement and Construction ("EPC"), 
and real estate development across various sectors including residential, commercial, 
institutional, healthcare and infrastructure projects. The Transferee Company offers 
services to central government ministries, state governments, public sector undertakings, 
autonomous bodies, private entities and other public authorities across India. 
III. OBJECTS AND RATIONALE FOR THE SCHEME 
(a) The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary ofthe Transferee Company and is 
engaged in healthcare infrastructure consultancy, project management and allied 
infrastructure services. In order to consolidate the healthcare and infrastructure 
consultancy capabilities, avoid duplication of corporate and administrative structures, 
improve governance oversight, optimise resource deployment and create an integrated 
platform for public sector infrastructure delivery under a single entity and facilitate more 
efficient management of the affairs of the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company, it is proposed that the Transferor Company be merged with the Transferee 
Company. The proposed merger is expected to provide several benefits, including 
streamlining the group structure by reducing the multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances and achieving rationalization of operational and administrative costs. 
Further, the merger is in furtherance of the Government of India's policy of rationalising 
and consolidating Central Public Sector Enterprises (UCPSE") to enhance their scale, 
competitiveness and capacity to deliver services. The consolidation of the Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company is intended to serve the broader public interest 
by creating a stronger, unified CPSE platform for development, ensuring more effective 
utilisation of public resources, and strengthening accountability and governance under a 
single corporate structure. 
(b) The merger will enable more efficient utilization and rationalization of capital, assets, 
resources, and facilities, and will provide a consolidated base for future growth and 
expansion of the business of the Transferee Company. 
(c) The merger will: 
(i) simplify the corporate and shareholding structure by eliminating multiple layers 
within the group, reducing managerial overlap, and removing duplication of 
administrative and operational functions. 
(ii) reduce legal, regulatory, administrative, and compliance costs associated with 
maintaining separate entities, resulting in improved cost efficiencies and 
economies of scale. 
2 
(iii) enhance operational efficiency by integrating business functions, streamlining 
management, and enabling focused decision-making and seamless 
implementation of business strategies and policies. 
(iv) strengthen the financial and competitive position of the Transferee Company by 
consolidating its asset base, revenues, and operational capabilities. 
(d) In view ofthe foregoing, it is considered desirable and expedient to merge the Transferor 
Company with the Transferee Company in accordance with this Scheme pursuant to 
Sections 230 -232 and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
(e) The Scheme is not prejudicial to the interests ofthe shareholders, creditors, employees, 
clients, lenders, government or any other stakeholder. The Scheme is intended to 
preserve continuity of business, projects, contracts, employees and stakeholder 
obligations ofthe Transferor Company upon vesting in the Transferee Company. 
(f) The merger of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company pursuant to this 
Scheme shall take effect from the Appointed Date and is intended to qualify as an 
'amalgamation' within the meaning of Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or 
Section 2(6) ofthe Income Tax Act, 2025, orthe corresponding provision of any statutory 
modification, re-enactment or replacement law, as may be applicable. 
IV. PARTS OF THE SCHEME: 
The Scheme is divided into the following parts: 
(a) Part I deals with the definitions, interpretation and share capital of the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company; 
(b) Part II deals with merger in accordance with Sections 230 -232 of the Act along-with 
other relevant provisions of the Act, as may be applicable and the intended compliance 
with Sectio.n 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 
2025; 
(c) Part III deals with the consideration and accounting treatment; and 
(d) Part IV deals with other terms and conditions applicable to the Scheme. 
3 
PART-I 
DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATIONS AND SHARE CAPITAL 
1. Definitions 
In this Scheme, unless repugnant to the subject or context or meaning thereof, (i) terms defined 
in the recitals and the introductory paragraphs above shall have the same meanings throughout 
this Scheme; and (ii) the following words or expressions, wherever used, shall have the 
meanings as set out herein below: 
1.1. "Act" means the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations made thereunder, and will include 
any statutory modifications, re-enactments or amendments thereof. 
1.2. "Appointed Date" means 1 April 2026 or such other date as may be fixed or approved by the 
MCA or any other competent authority may direct or approve. 
1.3. "Assets" means and includes all assets, properties, rights and interests of the Transferor 
Company, whether current or non-current, tangible or intangible, financial or non-financial, 
recorded or required to be recorded in the books of account of the Transferor Company, or 
otherwise forming part of the undertaking of the Transferor Company, including all immovable 
assets / properties other than Real Estate (separately defined) and dealt with under this 
Scheme, and all movable assets, capital work-in-progress, furniture, fixtures, plant and 
equipment, office equipment, computers, appliances, accessories, communication equipment, 
motor vehicles and other fixed assets. 
Without prejudice to the generality ofthe foregoing, "Assets" shall include: 
(a) inventories, stock-in-trade, stores, spares, consumables and other current assets; 
(b) intangible assets, software, licenses, technical know-how, intellectual property rights, 
databases and other intangible rights, to the extent recognised or capable of being 
recognised as assets; 
(c) financial assets, investments, shares, securities, loans, advances, earnest money 
deposits, security deposits, bank guarantee margins, retention money, trade receivables, 
contract assets, claims receivable, bills of exchange, promissory notes and other amounts 
recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received; 
(d) prepaid expenses, balances with government, semi-government, local and other 
authorities, customers, vendors, banks and other persons; 
(e) cash and bank balances, deposits, fixed deposits, margin money, funds and accrued 
interest thereon; 
(f) tax assets, tax credits, input tax credits, refunds, claims, Minimum Alternative Tax credit, 
TDS / TCS credits, advance tax, GST credits and other statutory recoverable, to the extent 
transferable or available under Law; and 
(g) all other assets, rights, interests and benefits of the Transferor Company which are 
capable of being recognised, transferred, vested or enjoyed as assets. 
4 
For avoidance of doubt, the expression "Assets" shall not include provisions, obligations or 
liabilities of the Transferor Company, which shall be dealt with under the definition of 
"Liabilities" and other relevant provisions of this Scheme. 
1.4. "Board" or "Board of Directors" means the boards of directors ofthe Transferor Company and/ 
or the Transferee Company, as the context may require, and shall include a committee of such 
board duly constituted and authorized to take any decision for the implementation of this 
Scheme on behalf of such Board of Directors. 
1.5. "Business Records" means and includes all records, documents, information, credentials and 
operational materials relating to the business, projects, contracts and undertaking of the 
Transferor Company, whether maintained physically, electronically or in any other form, 
including statutory registers, records, files, data, books of account, correspondence, project 
records, work orders, bid documents, pre-qualification credentials, completion certificates, 
drawings, designs, detailed project reports, technical documents, claims records, software 
records, databases, electronic records, statutory records, tax records, employee records, tender 
records, contractual records and all other business, technical, operational and project-related 
records of the Transferor Company. 
1.6. "Central Government" means the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, to which the powers have been 
delegated pursuant to the MCA Notification in relation to the merger of Government 
Companies. 
1.7. "Contracts" means all contracts, agreements, purchase orders/ service orders including 
operation and maintenance contracts, memoranda of understanding! undertakings/ 
agreements, memoranda of agreed points, bids, tenders, expressions of interest, letters of 
intent, empanelment, pre-qualification documents, project management agreements, 
consultancy agreements, hospital / healthcare infrastructure project agreements, government 
/ PSU contracts, World Bank / multilateral agency related contracts, memoranda of 
understanding, work orders, purchase orders, supply orders, sub-contracts, guarantees, 
indemnities, undertakings and all other arrangements relating to ongoing, completed or 
proposed projects, hire and purchase arrangements, agreement with customers, purchase and 
other agreements with the supplier/ manufacturer of goods/ service providers, other 
arrangements, undertakings, deeds, bonds, schemes, concession agreements, insurance covers 
and claims, clearances and other instruments of whatsoever nature and description, whether 
vested or potential and written, oral or otherwise of the Transferor Company. 
1.8. "Effective Date" means the date on which the certified copy of the order passed by the MCA 
under Sections 230 -232 of the Act sanctioning the Scheme and is filed with the Registrar of 
Companies. 
Any references in this Scheme to the words "upon the Scheme becoming effective" or 
"effectiveness of this Scheme" or "date of coming into effect of the Scheme" or "Scheme coming 
into effect" shall mean the Effective Date. 
5 
1.9. "Employees" means directly employed by the Transferor Company, whether permanent, 
temporary, fixed-term, on probation or contractual employees, as on the Appointed Date and 
continuing up to the Effective Date, who are transferred to the Transferee Company pursuant 
to this Scheme, but shall not include contract labour, outsourced manpower, consultants, 
retainers, professionals, agency personnel or persons engaged through third-party contractors, 
unless specifically absorbed or continued by the Transferee Company in accordance with Law, 
service rules and approvals. Deputationists, if any, shall be governed by the terms of their 
deputation and approvals of the concerned parent department / organisation. 
1.10. "Equity Share(s)" means the equity shares of the Transferor Company or Transferee Company, 
as the case may be. 
1.11. "Government Company" means a government company as defined under Section 2(45) ofthe 
Act. 
1.12. "GST" means the Goods and Services Tax levied under Law in India. 
1.13. "Intellectual Property" shall mean all intellectual property rights and proprietary information 
of any nature whatsoever of the Transferor Company in any jurisdiction, whether registered or 
unregistered, and whether vested, contingent or future, including without limitation: (a) 
patents; (b) trademarks, trade names, brand names, domain names, and other source 
identifiers, together with all goodwill associated therewith; (c) copyrights and works of 
authorship, including technical documentation; (d) trade secrets and know-how, including 
proprietary processes; (e) design rights; and (f) all other intellectual property and proprietary 
rights of every kind and nature, however denominated, throughout the world. All of the 
foregoing shall include all applications, registrations, renewals, extensions, and similar legal 
protections in respect thereof. 
1.14. "IT Act" means the Income Tax Act, 2025/ Income Tax Act, 1961 (as applicable) and any other 
statutory modifications, amendments, restatements or re-enactments thereof, from time to 
time and to the extent in force. 
1.15. "Law" includes all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature or parliament, laws, 
ordinances, rules, bye-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, circulars, press release, 
policies, directions, directives and orders of any government, statutory authority, tribunal, 
board, court of India or any other country or jurisdiction as applicable. 
1.16. "Liabilities" means all debts, loans, duties, current liabilities, contingent liabilities, claims, 
demands, guarantees, bank guarantees, performance guarantees, indemnities, tax liabilities, 
statutory dues, project obligations, retention obligations, liquidated damages, penalties, 
employee benefit obligations, vigilance / disciplinary liabilities and obligations, of any nature 
whatsoever, secured or unsecured, whether provided for or not in the books of accounts or 
disclosed in the balance sheets of the Transferor Company. 
1.17. "Licenses" means any permission, approval, consent, license, permit, clearance, authorization, 
authentication, registration, declaration, accreditation, pre-qualification, recogclition, eligibility 
6 
certificate, or filing with or notification, exemption from any governmental authority required 
under any law for the Transferor Company. 
1.18. "Listing Regulation" means the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and includes any amendments, modifications or any enactments thereof. 
1.19. "MCA" means the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. 
1.20. "MCA Notification" means the Ministry of Corporate Affairs Notification No G.S.R. 582{E), dated 
June 13, 2017, in which the word 'Tribunal", wherever it occurs, the word "Central Government" 
shall be substituted in Chapter XV, section 230 -232 of the Act. 
1.21. "Official Liquidator" or "Ol" means the Official Liquidator having jurisdiction over the 
Transferor Company and Transferee Company . 
1.22. "Real Estate" means all real estate of the Transferor Company whether freehold or leasehold 
or licensed for use, with rights, title, interests, authorities, and all documents oftitle, rights and 
easements in relation thereto including any right to use. 
1.23. "Regional Director" means the Regional Director (Northern Region), Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs at New Delhi, having jurisdiction over the Transferor Company and Transferee Company. 
1.24. "Registrar of Companies" or "RoC" means the Registrar of Companies at NCT of Delhi at New 
Delhi -I. 
1.25. "Rules" means the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. 
1.26. "Scheme" means this scheme of arrangement for merger of HSCC (India) Limited (,Transferor 
Company' or 'Wholly Owned Subsidiary') with NBCC (India) Limited ('Transferee Company') 
under Sections 230 -232 of the Act, as approved by the Board of Directors of both the 
Companies in its present form and with any modifications as may be approved by the MCA. 
1.27. "Stock Exchanges" shall mean the NSE and BSE. 
2. Interpretations 
In this Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
2.1. References to the singular include a reference to plural and vice-versa and reference to any 
gender include all other genders; 
2.2. References to persons shall include individuals , firms, body corporates (whether incorporated 
or un-incorporated), associations and partnerships; 
2.3. The headings are inserted for ease of reference only and shall not affect the const uction or 
interpretation of this Scheme; 
7 
2.4. References to a clause or paragraph, as applicable shall be deemed to be reference to a clause 
or paragraph of this Scheme; 
2.5. Any phrase introduced by the terms "including" or "include" or "inter alia" or any similar 
expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the meaning of the words 
preceding those terms; 
2.6. References to dates and times shall be construed to be references to Indian dates and times; 
2.7. References to a document include an amendment or supplement to, or replacement or 
novation of, that document; and 
2.8. References to the words 'hereof, 'herein' and 'hereby' and derivatives or similar words refer to 
this entire Scheme. 
3. Date of Operationalization and taking effect of the Scheme 
3.1. The Scheme set out herein in its present form or with any modification(s), if any made as per 
Clause 4 of Part -IV of this Scheme shall be effective from the Appointed Date for accounting, 
tax, business and operational attribution purposes, but shall come into force from the Effective 
Date. 
4. Capital Structure 
4.1. The authorized, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company as on 
the date of approval of this Scheme by its Board is as under: 
Particulars Amount {lNR} 
Authorized Share Capital 
5,00,000 equity shares of Rs.100/-each 5,00,00,000 
Total 5,00,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and Paid-up Capital 
180,014 equity shares of Rs.100/-each 1,80,01,400 
Total 1,80,01,400 
4.2. The authorized, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Transferee Company as on 
the date of approval of this Scheme by its Board is as under: 
Parti~ldars Amount (INR) 
Authorized Share Capital 
10,00,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.1/-each 10,00,00,00,000 
Total 10,00,00,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital 
2,70,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.1/-each 2,70,00,00,000 
Total 2,70,00,00,000 
8 
PART-II 
MERGER IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 230 -232 OF THE ACT 
1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, the entire 
business and the whole of the undertakings including Assets, Business Records, Real Estate, 
Intellectual Property, Licenses, Contracts, Employees, Legal Proceedings and Liabilities of the 
Transferor Company shall, in terms of Sections 230 -232 and applicable provisions of the Act 
and in compliance with provisions of Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or Section 
2(6) ofthe Income Tax Act, 2025 and pursuant to the orders ofthe MCA sanctioning the Scheme, 
without any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing, stand transferred and vested in 
and/or deemed to be transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company as a going concern 
by operation of Law so as to become the undertakings, Assets, Business Records, Real Estate, 
Intellectual Property, Licenses, Contracts, Employees, Legal Proceedings and Liabilities of the 
Transferee Company along with all rights, benefits and interests therein, including any charge, 
encumbrance, lien or security created in connection therewith and such liabilities shall become 
the liabilities and obligations of the Transferee Company, whether existing, accrued, contingent, 
crystallised, disputed, undisputed, known, unknown, recorded or unrecorded, to the extent 
relating to the Transferor Company. 
2. With effect from the AppOinted Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all profits or 
income accruing or arising to the Transferor Company, expenditure or losses arising or incurred 
(including the effect of taxes, if any, thereon), and working capital of the Transferor Company 
shall, for all purposes, be treated and be deemed to be and accrue as the profits or incomes, 
expenditure or losses, working capital, or taxes of the Transferee Company, as the case may be. 
3. Transfer of Assets and Business Records 
3.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Assets and 
Business Records of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and be vested in the 
Transferee Company, without any requirement of further instrument, deed or act or payment 
of any further fee, charge or securities except to the extent any filing, intimation, registration, 
endorsement, charge, fee, stamp duty, levy or approval is required under Law or by any 
competent authority, pursuant to sanction of this Scheme by the MCA in accordance with the 
terms thereof and shall upon such transfer become the Assets and Business Records of the 
Transferee Company. 
3.2. Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 3.1, the Transferee Company may, at its sole 
discretion but without being obliged, give notice in such form as it may deem fit and proper, to 
such person, as the case may be, that the Assets and Business Records stand transferred to and 
vested in the Transferee Company and be paid or made good or held on account of the 
Transferee Company as the person entitled thereto. 
4. Transfer of Real Estate 
4.1. With effect from the ApPOinted Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Real Estate 
of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and be vested in the Transferee Company, 
9 
without any requirement of further instrument, deed or act subject to applicable stamp duty, 
registration fee, mutation charges, transfer charges, lessor / land-owning authority consent, 
lease conditions and other statutory or contractual requirements, if any, pursuant to sanction 
of this Scheme by the MCA in accordance with the terms thereof and shall upon such transfer 
become the Real Estate ofthe Transferee Company. 
4.2. With effect from the Appointed Date, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to exercise all 
rights and privileges and be liable to pay ground rent, taxes and fulfil obligations in relation to 
or applicable to such Real Estate. The mutation/substitution of title to the Real Estate in favour 
of the Transferee Company shall be effected and duly recorded by the relevant authorities and 
third parties pursuant to the sanction of the Scheme by the MCA and the Scheme becoming 
effective in accordance with its terms. 
4.3. Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 4.1, the Transferee Company shall, on and from 
the Effective Date, file applications with the relevant authorities for: (il implementation of the 
transfer of the Real Estate to the Transferee Company; and (iil mutation, substitution, 
endorsement, amendment, registration, execution of fresh lease agreements, if applicable or 
other documentation, if required by the concerned authority or under the relevant lease / 
license documents for the Real Estate in favour of the Transferee Company, at the cost of the 
Transferee Company. 
5. Transfer of Contracts 
5.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Contracts of 
the Transferor Company, to which the Transferor Company is party and which are subsisting or 
having effect immediately before the Effective Date, pursuant to sanction of this Scheme by the 
MCA in accordance with the terms thereof and shall be in full force and effect against or in 
favour of the Transferee Company and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of 
the Transferor Company, the Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligee 
thereto. 
5.2. All bids, tenders, expressions of interest, pre-qualification applications, technical credentials, 
empanelments, completion certificates and eligibility benefits ofthe Transferor Company shall, 
to the extent permissible under Law and the terms of the relevant tender / contract / 
empanelment, be available to and co~tinue in favour of the Transferee Company. The 
Transferee Company shall be entitled to seek substitution, continuation, endorsement or 
recognition of such credentials in its favour. 
5.3. Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 5.1, the Transferee Company shall, on and from 
the Effective Date, wherever necessary, obtain consent, undertake novation, intimation, 
substitution, endorsement or confirmation from any client, authority, lender, bank, 
counterparty or other person in relation to the Contracts, enter and/or execute deeds, make 
applications, writings or confirmations, if necessary to give formal effect to the provisions of 
this Clause. 
6. Transfer of Licenses and Intellectual Property 
10 
6.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Licenses and 
Intellectual Property of the Transferor Company shall stand transferred to and be vested in the 
Transferee Company, without any requirement of further instrument, deed or act or payment 
of any further fee, charge or securities, pursuant to sanction of this Scheme by the MCA in 
accordance with the terms thereof and shall upon such transfer become the Licenses and 
Intellectual Property of the Transferee Company to the extent transferable under Law and 
subject to such filings, intimations, endorsements, renewals, substitutions, revalidations or 
approvals as may be required by the relevant authority or under the terms of such Licenses. 
6.2. Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 6.1, the iransferee Company shall, on and from 
the Effective Date, wherever necessary make applications/ file relevant forms to any authority 
as may be necessary in this behalf. 
7. Transfer of Liabilities 
7.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Liabilities 
shall be deemed to be the Liabilities of the Transferee Company whether existing, accrued, 
contingent, crystallised, disputed, undisputed, known, unknown, recorded or unrecorded, to 
the extent relating to the Transferor Company. 
7.2. Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions contained herein, all Liabilities after the 
Appointed Date but till the Effective Date incurred by the Transferor Company for their 
operations, shall be deemed to be of the Transferee Company. 
7.3. In so far as the existing encumbrances in respect of the Liabilities are concerned, such 
encumbrances shall, without any further act, instrument or deed be modified and shall be 
extended to and shall operate only over the assets of the Transferor Company which have been 
encumbered in respect to the Liabilities and are transferred to the Transferee Company 
pursuant to this Scheme and such encumbrances shall not relate or attach to any other assets 
of the Transferee Company. 
7.4. The Transferee Company will, at any time after the coming into effect of this Scheme, if so 
required under Law or otherwise, execute deeds of confirmation or other writings or 
arrangements with any party in relation to the Liabilities of the Transferor Company. The 
Transferee Company shall, under the provisions of this Scheme, be deemed to be authorised to 
execute any such writings on behalf of the Transferor Company and to carry out or perform all 
such formalities or compliances referred to above on the part of the Transferor Company. 
7.5. Loans or other obligations, if any, due either between the Transferee Company and the 
Transferor Company shall stand discharged and there shall be no liability in that behalf. In so far 
as any securities, debentures or notes issued by the Transferor Company and held by the 
Transferee Company and vice versa are concerned, the same shall, unless sold or transferred by 
the holder of such securities at any time prior to the Effective Date, stand cancelled / eliminated 
by operation of merger and there shall be no liability in that behaif. Such cancellation / 
elimination shall be treated as a consequence of merger and shall not be cons~rued as waiver, 
remission, release, distribution, gift or income in the hands of either company. 
11 
7.6. All bank guarantees, performance guarantees, earnest money deposits, security deposits, 
retention money, margin money, indemnities and other performance securities issued, 
furnished or maintained by or on behalf of the Transferor Company shall, upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, be deemed to have been issued, furnished or maintained forthe benefit or 
obligation of the Transferee Company, subject to necessary intimations, endorsements, 
substitutions or confirmations by issuing banks, beneficiaries and concerned authorities, 
wherever required. 
8. Legal Proceedings 
8.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferee 
Company shall bear the burden and the benefits of any legal or other proceedings initiated by 
or against the Transferor Company. 
Provided however, all legal, administrative and other proceedings of whatsoever nature 
including civil, criminal, tax, GST, labour, arbitration, Administrative Mechanism for Resolution 
of CPSEs Disputes ("AMRCO"), regulatory, disciplinary, vigilance, Central Vigilance Commission 
("CVC"), Central Bureau of Investigation ("CBI"), Comptroller and Auditor General of India 
("CAG"), Right to Information ("RTI"), procurement, debarment / blacklisting, client claims, 
contractor claims and other proceedings, notices, demands, inspections, investigations, 
enquiries or claims, by or against the Transferor Company pending in any court or before any 
authority, judicial, quasi-judicial or administrative, or any adjudicating authority, and/or arising 
after the Appointed Date and relating to the Transferor Company or its Assets, Liabilities, 
Employees / directors / key managerial personnel, duties and obligations, shall be continued 
and/or enforced until the Effective Date by or against the Transferor Company; and from the 
Effective Date, shall be continued and enforced by or against the Transferee Company in the 
same manner and to the same extent as would or might have been continued and enforced by 
or against the Transferor Company. 
8.2. If any suit, appeal or other proceeding of whatever nature by or against the Transferor Company 
is pending, the same shall not abate, be discontinued or in any way be prejudicially affected by 
reason of the transfer of the Transferor Company's businesses and undertakings, but the 
proceedings may be continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferee Company 
in the same manner and to the same extent as it would or might have been continued, 
prosecuted and enforced by or against the Transferor Company as if this Scheme had not been 
made. 
8.3. The Parties shall, as soon as reasonably possible after the Effective Date, enter into and/or 
execute all such required documents and/or file the applications and petitions, with the 
relevant authorities and pursue the relevant matters with such authorities in a manner such 
that the Transferor Company is no more a party to the legal proceedings and is replaced by the 
Transferee Company for all purposes. 
9. Employee Matters 
12 
9.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all Employees 
directly employed by the Transferor Company immediately before such date shall become 
Employees of the Transferee Company with the benefit of continuity of service on the same 
terms and conditions as were applicable to such Employees of the Transferor Company 
immediately prior to such transfer, and without any break or interruption of service. The 
Transferee Company undertakes to continue to abide by any agreement/settlement, if any, 
entered into by the Transferor Company with any union/employee thereof. Notwithstanding 
the above, the treatment of contractual employees of the Transferor Company shall, with effect 
from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, be determined by the 
Transferee Company in accordance with the terms of their respective employment agreements. 
For avoidance of doubt, contract labour, outsourced manpower, agency personnel, consultants, 
retainers and personnel engaged through third-party contractors shall not, by reason of this 
Scheme alone, be deemed to be employees of the Transferee Company. Their continuation, if 
any, shall be governed by the respective contracts, applicable labour laws and decisions of the 
Transferee Company . 
9.2. The continuity of service shall be for employment-related benefits, and their employment shall 
be subject to applicable service rules, DPE guidelines, government directions, approved pay 
scales, statutory requirements and policies of the Transferee Company. 
9.3. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, all persons directly employed by the Transferor Company 
as on the Effective Date shall become employees ofthe Transferee Company, without break or 
interruption in service, on terms and conditions which shall not, taken as a whole, be less 
favourable than those applicable to them immediately prior to the Effective Date, subject to 
Law, service rules, DPE guidelines, government directions and approvals of competent 
authority. The Transferee Company shall recognise past service of such transferred Employees 
with the Transferor Company for the purpose of continuity of employment and computation of 
statutory and contractual employment benefits, including gratuity, provident fund, leave 
encashment, superannuation and other terminal benefits, as may be applicaole. No employee 
of the Transferor Company shall be retrenched, terminated or subjected to adverse change in 
service conditions solely on account of this Scheme, except in accordance with Law, service 
rules, government directions and due process. 
9.4. Without prejudice to the statutory vesting of the undertaking of the Transferor Company in the 
Transferee Company pursuant to this Scheme, the Transferor Company and / or the Transferee 
Company may issue suitable communication, continuation letters, deployment orders or other 
documentation to the employees of the Transferor Company, wherever considered necessary 
or desirable, confirming continuity of service with the Transferee Company . Continuation of 
service by such employees with the Transferee Company after the Effective Date shall be 
treated as acceptance of such continuation, subject to Law. 
9.5. If any employee raises any objection to continuation of employment with the Transferee 
Company, such case shall be dealt with by the Transferee Company in accordance with Law, 
service rules, terms of employment and approvals of competent authority, without prejudice 
to the rights and obligations arising under this Scheme. 
13 
Transferee CoIR' it)~r1II -"" 
9.6. The Transferee Company shall take necessary steps, wherever required, for transfer, 
substitution, continuation, merger or recognition of provident fund, gratuity fund, 
superannuation fund, pension, leave encashment, medical benefit and other employee benefit 
arrangements of the Transferor Company, subject to Law, trust deeds, actuarial valuation, 
approvals of trustees, statutory authorities and competent government authority, wherever 
applicable. 
9.7. With regard to provident fund, gratuity fund, superannuation fund or any other special fund or 
obligation created or existing for the benefit of such employees of the Transferor Company, 
upon the occurrence ofthe Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall stand substituted for 
the Transferor Company for all purposes whatsoever relating to the obligation to make 
contributions to the said funds in accordance with the provisions of such schemes or funds in 
the respective trust deeds or other documents . The existing provident fund, gratuity fund and 
superannuation fund or obligations, if any, created by the Transferor Company for their 
Employees shall be continued or similar benefit will be provided to such Employees on the 
similar terms and conditions. With effect from the Effective Date, the Transferee Company will 
make the necessary contributions for such transferred Employees of the Transferor Company 
and deposit the same in the provident fund, gratuity fund or superannuation fund, where 
applicable . 
9.8. All employee benefit obligations, including gratuity, provident fund, leave encashment, 
pension, superannuation, medical benefits and other terminal benefits or other benefits 
through medical trust and welfare trust, shall be determined and continued in accordance with 
applicable labour laws, labour codes, trust rules, actuarial valuation, service rules, DPE 
guidelines and approvals of competent authority, as applicable. 
9.9. On the Effective Date, the existing directors and key managerial personnel of the Transferor 
Company shall cease to hold their respective positions in the Transferor Company by reason of 
dissolution of the Transferor Company without winding up. Further, such directors and key 
managerial personnel shall not, by virtue of this Scheme, be deemed to be appOinted as 
directors or key managerial personnel of the Transferee Company. Without prejudice to Clause 
8 above, any disciplinary proceedings, vigilance proceedings, departmental enquiries, 
repatriation order, termination order, or other proceedings initiated or pending against any 
Employees / directors / key managerial personnel ofthe Transferor Company shall be continued 
and enforced by the Transferee Company. 
9.10. Any person who has ceased to be a director, managing director, key managerial personnel, 
officer, employee, deputationist, consultant , contractual employee or other personnel of the 
Transferor Company prior to the AppOinted Date or Effective Date, including by resignation, 
retirement, repatriation, termination, completion of tenure, expiry of contract, withdrawal of 
nomination or order of competent authority, shall not, by reason of this Scheme alone, be 
deemed to have become or continued as a director, managing director, key managerial 
personnel, officer, employee or personnel of the Transferee Company . Nothing in this Scheme 
shall be construed as creating any fresh right of appointment, continuation, reinstatement, 
absorption, regularisation, compensation, back wages, seniority, service benefit or monetary 
entitlement in favour of any such person, except to the extent expressly available under 
14 
applicable law, service rules, Government directions or binding order of a competent court, 
tribunal or authority. 
9.11. On the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Transferee Company will also file relevant 
intimations in this respect with the relevant authorities concerned who shall take the same on 
record and substitute the name of the Transferee Company for the Transferor Company in 
relation to employees of the Transferor Company . 
10. Taxation and Other Matters 
10.1. The provisions of this Scheme are intended to comply with the conditions relating to 
"Amalgamation" as specified under Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or Section 
2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025. Forthe purposes of Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 
and/or Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025, it is clarified that: (i) all Assets, Business 
Records, Real Estate, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Licenses, Legal Proceedings and 
Employees of the Transferor Company immediately before the merger shall become the Assets, 
Business Records, Real Estate, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Licenses, Legal Proceedings and 
Employees of the Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme; (ii) all Liabilities of the 
Transferor Company immediately before the merger shall become the Liabilities of the 
Transferee Company by virtue of this Scheme; and (iii) since the Transferor Company is wholly 
owned by the Transferee Company and/or its nominees, no shares are required to be issued by 
the Transferee Company under this Scheme and the shareholder-continuity requirement shall 
be read subject to the statutory exclusion for shares already held by the amalgamated company 
or its nominee. 
10.2. If, at a later date, any terms or provisions of the Scheme are found or interpreted to be 
inconsistent with the provisions of Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or Section 
2(6) ofthe Income Tax Act, 2025, including as a result of an amendment of Law orthe enactment 
of a new legislation or for any other reason whatsoever, the provisions of Section 2(lB) of the 
.Income Tax Act, 1961 and/or Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 or a corresponding 
provision of any amended or newly enacted Law, s~all prevail and the Scheme shall stand 
modified to the extent determined necessary to comply with Section 2(lB) of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961 and/or Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025 or a corresponding provision of any 
amended or newly enacted Law. Such modification(s) will, however, not affect the other parts 
of the Scheme. The power to make such modification(sj, if necessary, shall vest with the Boards 
of Directors ofthe Transferor Company, if applicable and the Transferee Company, which power 
shall be exercised reasonably in the best interest of each of the Transferor Company , the 
Transferee Company and their respective shareholders and creditors. 
10.3. With effect from the Appointed Date and upon the Scheme becoming effective, all the profits 
or income accruing or arising to the Transferor Company, and all expenditure or losses arising 
or incurred by the Transferor Company shall, for all purposes, be treated (including all taxes, if 
any, paid or accruing in respect of any profits and income) and be deemed to be and accrue as 
the profits or income or, as the case may be, expenditure or losses (including taxes) of the 
Transferee Company. Moreover, the Transferee Company shall be entitled to claim 
refunds/credits and/or set off all amounts under the Law towards the taxes applicable on 
transactions entered into by the Transferor Company . 
15 
10.4. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company 
shall be entitled, wherever necessary and pursuant to the provisions of this Scheme, to file or 
revise their financial statements, tax returns, tax deduction at source certificates, tax deduction 
at source returns, and other statutory returns, and the Transferee Company shall have the right 
to claim refunds, advance tax credits, credit for minimum alternate tax, credit for goods and 
services tax, carry forward of losses and unabsorbed depreciation, deductions, tax holiday 
benefits, or any other credits and/or set off only to the extent permissible under Law and 
subject to fulfilment of prescribed conditions, filings, certificates, approvals and procedural 
requirements. 
10.5. The Scheme contains specific provision for transfer of liabilities of the Transferor Company to 
the Transferee Company for the purposes of Section 18(3) of the Central Goods and Services 
Tax Act, 2017 and corresponding State GST laws. The Transferor. Company / Transferee 
Company shall be entitled to transfer unutilised input tax credit, if any, in the manner 
prescribed, including by filing Form GST ITC-02 and obtaining requisite certificate from a 
practising chartered accountant or cost accountant, wherever required. 
10.6. The Transferee Company shall be entitled to file, revise, modify, rectify or give effect to 
statutory returns, statements, certificates, filings and records relating to income tax, GST, 
TDS/TCS and other statutory laws, only to the extent permitted under Law and to claim 
refunds/advance tax credits and/or set off the tax liabilities of the Transferor Company under 
the Law. 
10.7. It is expressly clarified that with effect from the Appointed Date, all taxes payable by the 
Transferor Company including all refunds or claims/TDS Certificates shall be treated as the tax 
liability or refunds/claims/TDS Certificates, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company. 
10.8. From the Effective Date and until such time as the name ofthe Transferee Company is entered 
as the account holder in respect of all the bank accounts and demat accounts of the Transferor 
Company in the relevant bank's/DP's books and records, the Transferee Company shall be 
entitled to operate the bank/demat accounts of the Transferor Company in their existing names 
subject to applicable banking, depository, KYC, authorised signatory, regulatory and internal 
approval requirements. 
10.9. Upon the Scheme coming into effect, the Transferee Company shall commence and carry on, 
and shall be authorised to carry on, the businesses carried on by the Transferor Company. 
10.1O.For the purpose of giving effect to the vesting order passed under Section 230-232 of the Act 
and the Rules, in respect of this Scheme by the MCA, the Transferee Company shall, at any time 
pursuant to the orders on this Scheme, be entitled to get the record of the change in the legal 
right(s) upon the vesting of the Transferor Company's business and undertakings in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 230-232 of the Act. The Transferee Company shall be authorised 
to execute any pleadings, applications, or forms as are required to remove any difficulties and 
carry out any formalities or compliance as are necessary forthe implementation of this Scheme. 
16 
10.11.Nothing in this Scheme shall be construed as dispensing with any consent, approval, intimation , 
novation, substitution or eligibility confirmation required under any Contract, License, from 
World Bank / multilateral agency, or any client of the Transferor Company. The Transferee 
Company shall be entitled to take all steps necessary to obtain such consent, approval, 
intimation, novation, substitution or confirmation. 
1O.12.Nothing in this Scheme shall be deemed to regularise, waive, condone or cure any non­
compliance, default, breach, irregularity, penalty, demand, claim or proceeding relating to the 
Transferor Company, unless expressly permitted by the concerned authority or Law. All such 
matters shall vest in and be dealt with by the Transferee Company in accordance with Law. 
10.13.The Transferee Company shall be entitled to represent to clients, lenders, banks, vendors, 
contractors, employees, statutory authorities and other stakeholders that it is the successor-in­
interest of the Transferor Company pursuant to this Scheme and shall be entitled to continue, 
complete, enforce and discharge all rights and obligations of the Transferor Company in relation 
to ongoing and completed projects. 
11. Conduct of Business 
11.1. With effect from the Appointed Date and till the Scheme comes into effect: 
11.1.1. The Transferor Company shall be deemed to carry on all their businesses and activities 
and stand possessed of their properties and assets for and on account of and in trust for 
the Transferee Company; and all the profits accruing to the Transferor Company and all 
taxes thereon, or gains or losses arising or incurred by them, shall for all purposes be 
treated as and deemed to be the profits or losses, as the case may be, ofthe Transferee 
Company. 
11.1.2. The Transferor Company shall carry on their businesses with reasonable diligence and 
in the same manner as they had been doing hitherto, and the Transferor Company shall 
not alter or substantially expand their businesses except with the concurrence of the 
Transferee Company. 
11.1.3. The Transferor Company shall not, without the written concurrence of the Transferee 
Company, alienate, charge or encumber any of their Assets or Real Estate except in the 
ordinary course of business or pursuant to any pre-existing obligation undertaken prior 
to the date of acceptance of the Scheme by the Board of Directors of the Transferee 
Company. 
11.1.4. The Transferor Company shall not vary or alter, except in the ordinary course of business 
or pursuant to any pre-existing obligation undertaken prior to the date of acceptance 
of the Scheme by the Board of Directors of the Transferee Company, the terms and 
conditions of employment of any of their Employees, nor shall they conclude any 
settlement with any union or employees except with the written concurrence of the 
Transferee Company. 
17 
11.1.5. The Transferor Company shall not, without prior written concurrence of the Transferee 
Company, undertake any material borrowing, create any new material encumbrance, 
issue any guarantee, dispose of any material asset, settle or compromise any material 
claim, materially alter employee benefits, write off material receivables, enter into any 
related-party transaction outside the ordinary course of business, undertake material 
capital expenditure, or bid for / accept any material project outside the ordinary course 
of business. 
18 
PART -III 
CONSIDERATION AND ACCOUNTING TREATMENT 
1. Consideration 
1.1. Upon the Scheme coming into effect, all equity shares of Transferor Company held by the 
Transferee Company (either directly or through nominees) shall stand cancelled without any 
further application, act or deed. It is clarified that no ~ew shares shall be issued or payment 
made in cash whatsoever by the Transferee Company in lieu of shares of the Transferor 
Company. 
1.2. Any shares of the Transferor Company held by nominees of the Transferee Company shall be 
deemed to be held for and on behalf ofthe Transferee Company, and such nominees shall have 
no independent beneficial interest therein. 
1.3. Upon coming into effect of this Scheme, the Equity Shares of the Transferor Company held by 
the Transferee Company in dematerialized form shall, without any further application, act, 
instrument or deed, be deemed to have been automatically cancelled and be of no effect. The 
depository and/or the depository participant(s) shall, upon receipt of notice from the 
Transferee Company regarding the Scheme becoming effective, extinguish the entries in respect 
of such shares in the records ofthe depository . 
2. Authorised Share Capital and Amendment to the Memorandum of Association of the 
Transferee Company 
2.1. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferor Company 
shall be deemed to be reclassified and added to the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee 
Company without any further act, deed or procedure, except such filings, forms, fees, stamp 
duty, registration fee or procedural compliances as may be required under Law. The Transferee 
Company shall be entitled to take credit for filing fees already paid by the Transferor Company 
on its authorised share capital, to the extent permissible under Law. 
2.2. Upon coming into effect ofthe Scheme, subject to confirmation ofthe authorised share capital 
of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company as on the Effective Date, Clause V of 
the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company shall, without any further act, 
deed or instrument, be substituted as follows: 
The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs 10,05,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Thousand 
and Five Crore) divided into 10,05,00,00,000/- (One Thousand and Five Crore) Equity Shares of 
Rs 1/-(Rupee One) each. 
2.3. On approval of the Scheme by the members of the Transferee Company pursuant to Section 
230 -232 of the Act, it shall be deemed that the said members have also accorded all relevant 
consents under Sections 13, 14, 61 and other applicable provisions of the Act, as may be 
applicable for the purpose of amendment of the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee 
Company as above, to the extent such approval is legally permissible through this Scheme and 
subject to directions of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs / Regional Director / egistrar of 
19 
Companies / Stock Exchanges / SEBI / any other competent authority. It is clarified that there 
will be no need to pass a separate shareholders' resolution as required under Sections 13, 14 
and 61 of the Act for amendment of the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee 
Company . 
3. Accounting Treatment 
3.1. Upon the Scheme coming into effect, the Transferee Company shall account for the transfer of 
and vesting of the Transferor Company as of the Appointed Date in accordance with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, including Appendix C to Ind AS 103 
relating to business combinations of entities under common control, using the pooling of 
interests method, as may be amended from time to time, notified under Section 133 of the Act 
and generally accepted accounting principles in its books of accounts. 
3.2. The Transferee Company shall record all the assets and liabilities, including reserves of the 
Transferor Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at their respective carrying amounts 
/ book values as appearing in the books of the Transferor Company on the Appointed Date 
without recognising any goodwill or fair value uplift, except as required under applicable Ind AS. 
3.3. If at the time of merger, the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company have conflicting 
accounting policies, the accounting policies followed by the Transferee Company shall prevail 
to ensure that the financial statements reflect the financial position on the basis of consistent 
accounting policies. 
3.4. Investment in the equity share capital of the Transferor Company or vice versa, as appearing in 
the books of accounts of the Transferee Company shall stand cancelled and there shall be no 
further obligation/outstanding in that behalf. 
3.5. The loans and advances or payables or receivables of any kind held inter-se, if any, between the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee Company, as appearing in their respective books of 
accounts, shall stand discharged without any further act or deed, upon the Scheme coming into 
effect. 
3.6. The identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company shall be preserved and shall appear in 
the financial statements of the Transferee Company in the same form in which they appeared 
in the financial statements of the Transferor Company immediately prior to the Effective Dqte. 
Accordingly, all the reserves of the Transferor Company under the respective heads shall 
become the corresponding reserves of the Transferee Company . Any balance in retained 
earnings, capital reserve, securities premium, statutory reserve or other reserves of the 
Transferor Company shall be accounted for in accordance with Appendix C to Ind AS 103 and 
other applicable Ind AS requirements. 
3.7. Any surplus/deficit arising after taking effect to the above reserves and post adjustments, if any, 
shall be recognised in the manner prescribed under Appendix C to Ind AS 103 and other 
applicable Ind AS requirements in the financial statements of the Transferee Company upon the 
Effective Date. 
20 
4. Dissolution of the Transferor Company 
On the occurrence of the Effective Date, Transferor Company shall, without any further act or 
deed, stand dissolved without winding up. 
Upon dissolution, all statutory books, registers, filings, records, documents, project records and 
accounts of the Transferor Company shall be preserved by the Transferee Company for the 
period prescribed under law. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved without 
undergoing the process of winding up and the name ofthe Transferor Company shall be struck 
off from the records of the Registrar of Companies. 
21 
PART IV 
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
1. Application to the MCA 
1.1. In term of MCA Notification read with Rule 3 (1) of the Government of India (Allocation of 
Business) Rules, 1961 the MCA has exclusive jurisdiction under the provisions of the Act with 
respect to Government Companies, since both the Transferor Company and Transferee 
Company are Government Companies, MCA has the jurisdiction to hear, consider and sanction 
this Scheme. 
1.2. Upon this Scheme being approved by the requisite majority of the shareholders and creditors 
of the Transferor Company and shareholders and creditors of the Transferee Company or 
dispensation of their meetings (as applicable), the Transferor Company and Transferee 
Company shall file application before the MCA for sanction of this Scheme under section 230 -
232 and other applicable provisions of the Act, and for such other order or orders, as the MCA 
may deem fit for sanctioning the/ giving effect to this Scheme. Upon this Scheme becoming 
effective, the shareholders and creditors of the Transferor Company and shareholders and 
creditors of the Transferee Company, shall be deemed to have also accorded their approval 
under all the relevant provisions the Act, for giving effect to the provisions contained in this 
Scheme. 
2. Listing Agreement and SEBI Compliances 
2.1. Since the Transferee Company is a listed company, this Scheme is subject to compliance with 
all requirements under the Listing Regulation and all statutory directives, guidelines, and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") insofar as they relate to the 
sanction and implementation of the Scheme. 
2.2. Regulation 37 (6) (a) of the Listing Regulation exempts the requirement of obtaining prior 
approval or no-objection of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI in the case of merger of a wholly 
owned subsidiary with its holding company, provided the Scheme solely provides for such 
merger and satisfies the conditions of the applicable SEBI regulations / circulars. The draft 
schemes shall be filed with the Stock Exchanges for intimation / disclosure purposes in 
compliance with the Listing Regulation. 
3. Conditionality of the Scheme 
The Scheme is conditional upon and subject to: 
3.1. The Scheme is in compliance with the applicable provisions ofthe Act, the SEBI regulations (to 
the extent applicable to the Scheme involving a listed company), and all other Laws. 
3.2. The observations/objections of the Registrar of Companies, Income Tax Department, GST 
authority, sectoral regulator, if any, and/ or the Official Liquidator and/ or any other authorities 
under the Law. 
22 
3.3. The Scheme being agreed to by the requisite majority of members and creditors of the 
Transferor Company and the Transferee Company (either by way of a meeting or by no 
objection certificate/ letter of consent), if so directed or warranted or necessitated by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs in this regard. 
3.4. The Scheme being approved by the Central Government through MCA. 
3.5. The certified copies of the order(s) of the MCA sanctioning this Scheme being filed with the 
Registrar of Companies having jurisdiction over the Transferee Company and Transferor 
Company. 
3.6. This Scheme although to come into operation from the Appointed Date shall not become 
effective until the necessary certified copies of the order(s) under Sections 230 -232 of the Act 
shall be duly filed with the RoC. 
3.7. All other sanctions and approvals, as may be required by Law, in respect ofthis Scheme being 
obtained. 
3.8. The implementation of this Scheme shall be subject to applicable Government guidelines, 
directions and approvals, including those of MoHUA, DIPAM and any other competent 
authority, to the extent applicable to the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company as 
Central Public Sector Enterprises. 
4. Modification or Amendment of the Scheme and Revocation of the Scheme 
4.1. The Transferee Company and the Transferor Company, by their respective Boards of Directors 
or such other person or persons as the respective Boards of Directors may authorise, including 
any committee or sub-committee thereof, may make and/or consent to any modifications or 
amendments to the Scheme or to any conditions or limitations that the MCA/Regional 
Director/RoC/Official Liquidator and/or other authority may deem fit to direct or impose, or 
which may otherwise be considered necessary or desirable. The Transferee Company and the 
Transferor Company shall be authorised to take such steps and do all acts, deeds and things as 
may be necessary, desirable or proper to give effect to this Scheme and to resolve any doubts, 
difficulties or questions whether by reason of any order(s) of the MCA or of any directive or 
order(s) of any other authority or otherwise howsoever arising out of, under or by virtue of this 
Scheme and/or any matters concerning or connected therewith: 
Provided that no modification shall be made which materially affects the tax-neutral character 
of the Scheme, the status of the Scheme as a wholly owned subsidiary merger, or the rights of 
creditors, employees or public interest, without obtaining such approvals as may be required 
under Law. 
4.2. The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company shall be at liberty to withdraw from this 
Scheme in case any condition or alteration imposed by the MCA or any other authority is not 
on terms acceptable to them. 
23 
Tra 
4.3. In the event of any of the said sanctions/approvals/conditions referred to hereinabove not 
being obtained and/or complied with and/or satisfied and/or this Scheme not being sanctioned 
by the MCA and/or the order or orders not being passed as aforesaid, and/or the Scheme failing 
to be made effective, this Scheme shall stand revoked, cancelled and be of no effect. In that 
event, no rights and liabilities whatsoever shall accrue to or be incurred inter se the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company or their respective shareholders or creditors or 
employees or any other person, save and except in respect of any act or deed done prior thereto 
as is contemplated hereunder, or as to any right, liability or obligation which has arisen or 
accrued pursuant thereto and which shall be governed and be preserved or worked out in 
accordance with the Law; and in such case, each company shall bear its own costs unless 
otherwise mutually agreed. Further, the Boards of Directors ofthe Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company shall be entitled to revoke, cancel and declare the Scheme to be of no 
effect if such Boards are of the view that the coming into effect of the Scheme in terms of the 
provisions of this Scheme, or the filing of the drawn-up orders with any authority, could have 
adverse implications on all/any ofthe companies. 
5. Costs 
All costs, charges, fees, taxes including duties (including the stamp duty, if any, applicable in 
relation to this Scheme), levies and all other expenses, if any, arising out of or incurred in 
carrying out and implementing the terms and conditions or provisions of this Scheme and 
matters incidental thereto shall be borne and paid by the Transferee Company. All such costs, 
charges, fees, taxes, stamp duty including duties (excluding the stamp duty, if any, paid on this 
Scheme which shall be pro-rata added to the value ofthe immovable properties), levies and all 
other expenses, shall be accounted for in accordance with applicable Ind AS, tax laws and 
accounting policies ofthe Transferee Company . 
6. Severability 
6.1. If any part of this Scheme is invalid, ruled illegal by any court of competent jurisdiction, or 
unenforceable under Law, then it is the intention ofthe parties that such part shall be severable 
from the remainder of the Scheme. Further, if the deletion of such part of this Scheme may 
cause this Scheme to become materially adverse to the Transferor Company and/ or the 
Transferee Company, then in such case the Transferor Company and/ or the Transferee 
Company shall attempt to bring about a modification in the Scheme, which best preserve for 
parties benefits and obligations ofthe Scheme, including but not limited to such part: 
Provided that if any modification affects the essential nature of the Scheme as a merger of a 
wholly owned subsidiary with its holding company, the Boards shall be entitled to reconsider 
whether the Scheme should be proceeded with, modified or withdrawn. 
6.2. If any part ofthis Scheme is found to be unworkable for any reason whatsoever, the same shall 
not, subject to the mutual agreement of the parties, affect the validity or implementation of 
the other parts and/or provisions ofthis Scheme. 
24 