   
  
 
Date of submission: December 12, 2025 
 
To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551(EQ), 975516, 976418 To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code  – NH 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Outcome of the meeting of the Board of Directors of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited held 
on December 12, 2025 and Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Regulations 37 and 
59A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Ref:  Approval of the Scheme of Arrangement between NH Integrated Care Private Limited 
(“Demerged Company/NHIC”), Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (“Resulting 
Company/NHL’’) and their respective Shareholders and Creditors under Sections 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”) 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Regulation 37, Regulation 59A and Schedule III Part A Para 
A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, 
(“Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting 
held today, i.e. December 12, 2025 (Friday) , has considered and approved the Scheme of 
Arrangement between NH Integrated Care Private Limited, Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited and their 
respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The Scheme, inter-alia , provides for the demerger of the Clinical Services ( as 
defined in the Scheme ) undertaking from the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company on a 
going-concern basis. The Scheme also provides for various other matters consequent and incidental 
thereto. 
 
 
The Scheme is subject to receipt of necessary Statutory and Regulatory approvals, including approval 
of the jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), other regulatory authorities as 
may be applicable, and the Shareholders and Creditors (as applicable) of the Companies involved in 
the Scheme.  
 
The Scheme is filed with the Stock Exchanges in terms of the provisions of Regulation 37(6) of Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 
and SEBI/HO/DDHS/DDHS-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/48 dated May 21, 2024. 
 
In terms of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024, we are furnishing herewith the details of the Scheme in Annexure I. 
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 5.00 P.M. and ended at 5:25 P.M. IST. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
   
  
 
Annexure – I  
Details pursuant to the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155  
dated November 11, 2024 
Brief details of Demerger 
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars Details 
1. Brief details of the division(s) 
to be demerged. The Scheme of Arrangement involves the following entities: 
 NH Integrated Care Private Limited (“ Demerged 
Company/NHIC ”); and 
 Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (“ Resulting 
Company/NHL ’’). 
 
Appointed Date  for the Scheme is April 1, 2025.  
 
Scheme of Arrangement provides for the demerger of the 
Clinical Services undertaking of NHIC into NHL. 
 
The Clinical Services undertaking of NHIC, comprising 10 
clinics located in Bengaluru, shall be demerged to NHL. 
 
Clinical Services refers to NHIC’s business of operating multiple 
clinics across Bengaluru with the objective of providing 
accessible, preventive and continuous integrated care. This 
excludes the Narayana Aarogyam preventive healthcare 
platform, which is also operated by NHIC and provides health 
screening, risk assessment, wellness coaching, and continuous 
monitoring services based on early detection and intervention 
prior to disease onset.  
 
2. Turnover of the demerged 
division and as percentage to 
the total turnover of the listed 
entity in the immediately 
preceding financial year / 
based on financials of the last 
financial year. The turnover of the Clinical Services undertaking of the 
Demerged Company for the year ended March 31, 2025 was  
Rs. 39.94 crore representing 1.11 % of the total standalone 
turnover of the Resulting Company for the year ended  
March 31, 2025. 
3. Rationale for Demerger  
The separation of the Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the 
Scheme) will allow the Demerged Company exclusively pursue 
the preventive healthcare business, enabling sharper focus and 
growth in this niche segment, thereby enhancing shareholder 
value. 
 
 
Transfer of the Clinical Services undertaking to the Resulting 
Company will enable: 
 
(a) unified patient care pathways; (b) optimised deployment of 
medical specialists; (c) consolidated administrative and support 
functions; and (d) enhanced resource efficiency through 
integrated operations. 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars Details 
4. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of all entities. NHL  
There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the 
Resulting Company as NHIC is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
NHL.  
 
NHIC  
NHL shall continue to hold 100% of equity share capital of NHIC 
and it shall continue to be the wholly owned subsidiary of NHL. 
 
5. In case of cash consideration 
– amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio. The Scheme does not involve payment of any cash 
consideration for the Demerger. The Demerged Company is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Resulting Company and 
therefore there shall be no issuance of shares as consideration 
for the demerger of the Clinical Services undertaking from the 
Demerged Company into the Resulting Company.  
 
6. Whether listing would be 
sought for the resulting entity. The Resulting Entity is a listed entity. There is no requirement 
of any new listing of shares as there is no consideration involved 
in the Demerger in view of the Demerged Company being a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Resulting Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
 
  
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT 
 
OF 
 
NH INTEGRATED CARE PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
AND 
 
NARAYANA HRUDAYALAYA LIMITED 
 
AND 
 
ITS SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS 
 
 
(Under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013)
2 
 GENERAL 
 
(A) PREAMBLE 
 
This Scheme (as defined hereinafter) is pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Act (as defined hereinafter) and provides for the 
demerger, transfer and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking ( as defined hereinafter) 
from the Demerged Company (as defined hereinafter) into the Resulting Company (as 
defined hereinafter) on a going concern  basis in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 2(19AA) of the Income-tax Act (as defined hereinafter).  The Scheme also 
provides for various other matters co nsequent and incidental thereto. 
 
(B) DESCRIPTION OF COMPANIES 
 
1. NH Integrated Care Private Limited , a private limited company incorporated under 
the provisions of the Act (hereinafter referred to as “NHIC” or “Demerged 
Company” ), bearing Corporate Identification Number ( “CIN” ) 
U85190KA2023PTC170155 and having its registered office at No. 258/A, Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal Taluk, Bommasandra Industrial Estate, Bengaluru – 560 099.  NHIC is, inter alia, engaged in the business of operating multiple 
clinics across Bengaluru and aims to deliver accessible, preventive, and continuous 
integrated care.  NHIC is a wholly owned subsidiary of NHL (as defined hereinafter).  
 
2. Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited , a public limited company incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 (hereinafter referred to as “NHL”  or “Resulting 
Company” ), bearing CIN L85110KA2000PLC027497 and having its registered office at  
No. 258/A, Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal T.Q, Bengaluru – 562 158.  NHL is, inter alia, engaged in the business of operating a network of hospitals and healthcare 
facilities that provide affordable, high-quality medical care.  NHL specialises in cardiac 
surgery, cardiology, and a wide range of other medical services.  The equity shares of NHL are listed and traded on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
 
3 
 (C) RATIONALE FOR THE SCHEME 
 
1. BACKGROUND AND OPERATIONAL CONSIDERATIONS 
 
1.1 The Demerged Company was incorporated to develop and operate primary and 
secondary care clinics independently of hospital-based tertiary care services.  
1.2 Operational experience has demonstrated  that the Demerged Undertaking has 
developed substantial dependencies on hospital infrastructure, particularly: 
(a) consultant doctors and specialists primarily engaged at hospital facilities; (b) advanced diagnostic services not viable at individual clinic locations; and (c) patient care pathways requiring tertiary care at hospital facilities. 
 
1.3 Separate operation of clinics and hospitals has necessitated duplicate administrative 
functions (finance, HR, procurement, IT, marketing), resulting in increased costs, coordination inefficiencies, and the inability to realise economies of scale.  Managing 
clinic operations has constrained the Demerged Company’s ability to focus on its 
strategic priority of developing preventive healthcare capabilities.  
2. STRATEGIC FOCUS ON PREVENTIVE HEALTHCARE 
 
2.1 The Demerged Company also operates Narayana Aarogyam ( “Aarogyam” ), a 
preventive healthcare platform providing he alth screening, risk assessment, wellness 
coaching, and continuous monitoring services based on early detection and 
intervention prior to disease onset. 
 
2.2 Aarogyam operates independently of hospital infrastructure through: (a) dedicated 
technology-enabled preventive testing ce ntres; (b) scheduled appointment-based 
services without requiring on-call specialists or emergency capabilities; (c) minimal 
hospitalisation rates; and (d) predictable resource requirements without treatment-
based operational variability.  
2.3 The preventive healthcare sector presents  significant growth opportunities from 
lifestyle disease prevalence, corporate wellness mandates, technological 
4 
 advancements in digital health, and demonstrated investor interest in technology-
enabled preventive healthcare platforms.  
2.4 The separation of the Demerged Undert aking will allow the Demerged Company 
exclusively pursue the preventive healthca re business, enabling sharper focus and 
growth in this niche segment, thereby enhancing shareholder value.   
3. CAPABILITIES OF THE RESULTING COMPANY 
 
3.1 The Resulting Company operates a comprehensive network of multi-speciality 
hospitals providing tertiary care services with proven capabilities in managing dispersed healthcare facilities, delivering cost-effective care at scale, and integrating 
primary to tertiary care services. 
 
3.2 Transfer of the Demerged Undertaking to the Resulting Company will enable: 
(a) unified patient care pathways; (b) optimised deployment of medical specialists; 
(c) consolidated administrative and support functions; and (d) enhanced resource 
efficiency through integrated operations. 
 
4. POST-DEMERGER STRATEGIC DIRECTION 
 
4.1 Post-demerger, the Demerged Company will concentrate exclusively on developing 
the Aarogyam preventive healthcare platform through: (a) digital-first, AI-powered service delivery; (b) comprehensive screening and monitoring programs; (c) asset-
light, scalable expansion; and (d) strategic partnerships for population health 
management.  
4.2 This separation enables management to: (a) dedicate resources to preventive 
healthcare without clinic operational constraints; (b) recruit specialised digital health 
expertise; (c) pursue preventive healthcare  ecosystem partnerships; and (d) optimise 
capital allocation toward technology investments.  
5 
 5. BENEFITS OF THE SCHEME 
 
5.1 The Demerged Undertaking and Remaining Un dertaking represent distinct business 
models with materially different value propositions, operating models, risk profiles, 
capital requirements, and growth drivers.  Separation enables each entity to pursue 
tailored strategies with enhanced management focus.  
5.2 The Resulting Company will consolidate duplicated administrative functions, 
optimise resource deployment under unif ied management, and achieve cost savings 
through integrated procurement, IT infrastructure, and working capital management.  
5.3 The Demerged Company can direct capital toward preventive healthcare technology 
investments without competing demands.  The Resulting Company will fund clinic 
infrastructure from its capital base.    
5.4 The Scheme will: (a) unlock value from distinct business segments and enable 
enhanced valuations; (b) improve patient care coordination and service quality;  
(c) establish clearer organisational structur es and career paths for employees; and  
(d) establish clear operational boundaries for governance and regulatory compliance.  
5.5 The boards of directors of the Demerged Company and Resulting Company have 
determined that:  
(a) The Scheme is in the best interests of  both companies and their shareholders, 
creditors, employees, and stakeholders; 
 
(b) The Scheme will facilitate strategic clarity, operational efficiency, enhanced 
stakeholder value, and sustainable growth; 
 
(c) The terms of the Scheme are fair and reasonable; and 
 
(d) The Scheme should be implemented pursuant  to Sections 230 to 232 of the Act. 
 
  
6 
 (D) PARTS OF THE SCHEME 
 
The Scheme is divided into the following parts:  
1. Part I  deals with the definitions, share capital of the Parties (as defined hereinafter)  and 
date of taking effect and implementation of this Scheme;  
2. Part II  deals with the demerger of the Deme rged Undertaking from the Demerged 
Company into the Resulting Comp any on a going concern basis ; and 
 
3. PART III  deals with the general terms and conditions applicable to this Scheme. 
 
  
7 
 PART I 
 
DEFINITIONS, SHARE CAPITAL OF THE PARTIES AND DATE OF TAKING EFFECT 
AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS SCHEME 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 
In this Scheme, (i) capitalised terms defined by inclusion in quotations and/ or 
parentheses shall have the meanings so ascribed; and (ii) the following expressions 
shall have the meanings ascribed hereunder:   
1.1 “Act”  means the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
1.2 “Applicable Law” or “Law”  means any applicable national, foreign, provincial, local 
or other law including applicable provisions of all (a) constitutions, decrees, treaties, statutes, enactments, laws (including the common law), bye-laws, codes, notifications, 
rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, circulars, clearances, approvals, directions, 
directives, ordinances or orders of any Appropriate Authority, statutory authority, c o u r t ,  t r i b u n a l  h a v i n g  j u r i s d i c t i o n  o v e r  t h e  P a r t i e s ;  ( b )  P e r m i t s ;  a n d  ( c )  o r d e r s ,  decisions, writs, inju nctions, judgments, awards and decrees of or agreements with 
any Appropriate Authority having jurisdiction over the Parties, in each case having 
the force of law and that is binding or applicable to a person, as may be in force from time to time.  
1.3 “Appointed Date” means April 1, 2025, or such other date as may be fixed or approved 
by the Tribunal.  
1.4 “Appropriate Authority”  means: 
 
(a) the government of any jurisdiction (including any national, state, municipal or 
local government or any political or administrative sub-division thereof) and any department, ministry, agency, instrumentality, court, tribunal, central bank, 
commission or other authority thereof; and 
 
8 
 (b) any governmental, quasi-governmental or private body or agency lawfully 
exercising or entitled to exercise, an y administrative, executive, judicial, 
legislative, regulatory, statutory, licensing, competition, Tax, importing, exporting or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority, including, 
without limitation, the Tribunal. 
 
1.5 “Board”  in relation to a Party means the board of directors of such Party, and shall 
include a committee of directors or any person  authorised by such board of directors 
or such committee of directors. 
 
1.6 “Clinical Services”  means the Demerged Company’s business of operating multiple 
clinics across Bengaluru and aiming at delivering accessible, preventive and 
continuous integrated care, excluding the Aarogyam preventive healthcare platform.  
 
1.7 “Demerged Undertaking” means the Clinical Services together with all business 
units, undertakings, assets, properties, investments (direct and indirect), and liabilities 
of whatsoever nature and kind, and wherever  situated, of the De merged Company, in 
relation to and pertaining to the Clinical Services.  Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the foregoing, the Demerged Undertaking shall include:  
(a) all properties and assets of the Demerg ed Company, including all movable or 
immovable, freehold, leasehold or licens ed, tenancy rights, hire purchase and 
lease arrangements, real or personal, co rporeal or incorporeal or otherwise, 
present, future, contingent, tangible or intangible, but not limited to plant and 
machinery, capital work in progress, fu rniture, fixtures, office equipment, 
appliances, accessories, vehicles, all stocks, sundry debtors, deposits, 
provisions, advances, recoverable, receivables, title, interest, cash and bank balances, bills of exchange, covenants, all earnest monies, security deposits, or 
other entitlements, funds, powers, author ities, licences, registrations, quotas, 
allotments, consents, privileges, liberti es, advantages, easements and all the 
rights, title, interests, goodwill, benefits, fiscal incentives, entitlement and advantages, contingent rights or benefits belonging to or in the ownership, 
power, possession or the control of or vest ed in or granted in favor of or held 
for the benefit of or enjoyed by the Demerged Company with respect to the 
Clinical Services; 
9 
 (b) Demerged Undertaking Liabilities; 
 
(c) all contracts, agreements, schemes, arra ngements and any other instruments for 
the purpose of carrying on the bu siness of the Clinical Services; 
 
(d) all Permits, licences, approvals, regi strations, quotas, incentives, powers, 
authorities, allotments, consents, rights, benefits, advantages, and municipal permissions pertaining to the Clinical Services; 
 
(e) all tax credits, refunds, reimbursements, claims, concessions, exemptions, 
benefits under Tax Laws including sales tax, deferrals, advance taxes, tax deducted/ collected at source, right to carry forward and set-off accumulated 
losses and unabsorbed depreciation, if any, deferred tax assets, minimum 
alternate tax credit, goods and services ta x credit, deductions and benefits under 
the Income-tax Act or any other Taxation  statute or Applicable Law enjoyed by 
the Demerged Company with resp ect to the Clinical Services; 
 
(f) entire experience, credentials, past re cord and market share of the Demerged 
Company pertaining to the Clinical Services;  
(g) all books, records, files, papers, engineering and process information, computer 
programs, software licences (whether proprietary or otherwise), drawings, 
manuals, data, catalogues, quotations, sales and advertising materials, lists of present and former customers and supp liers, customer credit information, 
customer pricing information, and other records whether in physical or 
electronic form in connection with or relating to the Clinical Services; and 
 (h) all employees employed in the conduct of the Clinical Services. 
 
Any question that may arise as to whether a specific asset (tangible or intangible) or 
liability, or employee, pertains or does not pertain to the Demerged Undertaking shall be decided mutually by the Boards of the Demerged Company and the Resulting 
Company. 
 
10 
 1.8 “Demerged Undertaking Liabilities”  means the liabilities as defined in Clause 4.8 of 
the Scheme.  
1.9 “Effective Date”  means the last of the dates on which the order of the Tribunal, 
sanctioning this Scheme, is obtained and filed by the Demerged Company and the 
Resulting Company with the Registrar of Companies. 
 R e f e r e n c e  i n  t h i s  S c h e m e  t o  t h e  d a t e  o f  ‘’coming into effect of this Scheme’’  or 
“effectiveness of this Scheme”  or “effect of this Scheme”  or “upon the Scheme 
becoming effective”  shall mean the Effective Date; 
 
1.10 “Income-tax Act” means the Income-tax Act, 1961. 
 
1.11 “Parties”  means the Demerged Company and th e Resulting Company, collectively 
and “Party”  shall mean each of them, individually. 
 
1.12 “Permits”  means all consents, licences, permits, certificates, permissions, 
authorisations, clarifications, approvals, clearances, confirmations, declarations, waivers, exemptions, registrations, filings, no objections, whether governmental, statutory, regulatory or otherwise as required under the Applicable Law. 
 
1.13 “Person”  means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability 
partnership, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated orga nisation or an Appropriate Authority. 
 
1.14 “Remaining Undertaking” means all the business, units, divisions, undertakings, and 
assets and liabilities of the Demerged Co mpany, including Aarogyam, but excluding 
the Demerged Undertaking. 
 
1.15 “RoC”  means the relevant jurisdictional Registrar of Companies having jurisdiction 
over the Demerged Company and the Resu lting Company, as the case may be. 
 
1.16 “Rs”  or “Re”  or “Rupee(s)”  means Indian Rupee, the lawf ul currency of the Republic 
of India.  
11 
 1.17 “Scheme”  means this scheme of arrangement as modified from time to time. 
 
1.18 “Tax Laws”  means all the Applicable Laws dealing with Taxes, including but not 
limited to income tax, wealth tax, sales ta x/ value added tax, service tax, goods and 
services tax, excise duty, customs duty or any other levy of a similar nature. 
 
1.19 “Taxation” or “Tax”  or “Taxes”  means all forms of taxes and statutory, governmental, 
state, provincial, local governmental or municipal impositions, duties, contributions 
and levies, whether levied by reference to income, profits, book profits, gains, net 
wealth, asset values, turnover, added value, goods and services or otherwise and shall 
further include payments in respect of or  on account of Tax, whether by way of 
deduction at source, collection at source, dividend distribution tax, advance tax, 
minimum alternate tax, goods and services tax or otherwise or attributable directly or 
primarily to any of the Parties and all penalties, charges, costs and interest relating thereto.  
1.20 “Tribunal” means the relevant bench of the National Company Law Tribunal having 
jurisdiction over the Demerged Company an d the Resulting Company, as the case may 
be.  
1.21 In this Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
(a) words denoting the singular shall include the plural and vice versa; 
 
(b) headings, sub-headings, titles, sub-titles to clauses, sub-clauses and paragraphs 
are for information and convenience only and shall be ignored in construing the Scheme;  
 
(c) all terms and words not defined in this Scheme shall, unless repugnant or 
contrary to the context or meaning thereof, have the same meaning as prescribed to them under the Act, Income-tax Act, or any other Applicable Law, rules, regulations, bye-laws, as the case may be, including any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof from time to time; and  
(d) reference to any law or le gislation or regulation shall include amendment(s), 
circulars, notifications, clarifications or supplement(s) to, or replacement, re-
12 
 enactment, restatement or amendment of, that law or legislation or regulation 
and shall include the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
2. SHARE CAPITAL 
 
2.1 The share capital of the Deme rged Company as on September 30, 2025, is as follows:  
  
Particulars Amount (Rs.) 
Authorised share capital  
1,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each 10,00,000  
Total 10,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital  
50,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each 5,00,000 
Total 5,00,000 
 
2.2 The share capital of the Resulting Company as on September 30, 2025, is as follows: 
 
Particulars Amount (Rs.) 
Authorised share capital  
30,90,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each 3,09,00,00,000  
7,10,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10 each 71,00,00,000 
Total 3,80,00,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital  
20,43,60,804 equity shares of Rs. 10 each  2,04,36,08,040  
Total 2,04,36,08,040 
  
2.3 The Resulting Company has also filed an application with the National Company Law 
Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench, concerning the amalgamation of Meridian Medical Research & Hospital Limited into the Resulting Company on September 27, 2025.  The said scheme provides for allotment of shares by the Resulting Company as 
consideration for the amalgamation.  The share capital of the Resulting Company after 
giving effect to the said scheme and allotment of shares thereto shall be as under:  
  
13 
 Particulars Amount (Rs.) 
Authorised share capital  
34,40,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each 3,44,00,00,000  
7,10,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10 each 71,00,00,000 
Total 4,15,00,00,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital  
20,44,87,981 equity shares of Rs. 10 each  2,04,48,79,810  
Total 2,04,48,79,810 
 
3. DATE OF TAKING EFFECT AND OPERATIVE DATE 
 
This Scheme, in its present form or with any modification(s) made as per Clause 17 of this Scheme, shall become effective from the Appointed Date but shall be operative 
from the Effective Date. 
 
  
14 
 PART II  
 
DEMERGER OF THE DEMERGED UNDERTAKING FROM THE  
DEMERGED COMPANY INTO THE RESULTING COMPANY  
ON A GOING CONCERN BASIS 
 
4. DEMERGER AND VESTING OF THE DEMERGED UNDERTAKING 
 
4.1 Upon coming into effect of the Scheme, with effect from the Appointed Date and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Scheme and pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act and Section 2(19AA) of the Income-tax Act, all assets, Permits, contracts, liabilities, loan, duties and obligations of the Demerged 
Undertaking shall, without any further act, instrument or deed, stand transferred to 
and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Resulting 
Company on a going concern ba sis, so as to become as and from the Appointed Date, 
the assets, Permits, contracts, liabilities, loan, duties and obligations of the Resulting 
Company by virtue of operation of law, and in the manner provided for in this Scheme.  
 
4.2 The demerger proposed under the Scheme co mplies with the definition of “demerger” 
under Section 2(19AA) and other provisions of the Income-tax Act.  If any terms of this 
Scheme are found to be or in terpreted to be inconsistent with the provisions of the 
Income-tax Act, then this Scheme shall be modified by the Board to be in compliance with Section 2(19AA) of the Income-tax Act. 
 
4.3 In respect of such of the assets and pr operties forming part of the Demerged 
Undertaking which are movable in nature (including but not limited to all intangible assets) or are otherwise capable of tran sfer by delivery or possession or by 
endorsement, the same sha ll stand transferred by the Demerged Company to the 
Resulting Company upon coming into effect of this Scheme and shall, ipso facto  and 
without any other or further or der to this effect, become the assets and properties of 
the Resulting Company without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer of the same.  The transfer pursuant to this sub-clause shall be deemed to have 
occurred by physical or constructive de livery or by endorsement and delivery or 
recordal, pursuant to this Scheme, as appr opriate to the property being transferred, 
and title to the property shall be deemed to have been transferred accordingly. 
15 
 4.4 With respect to the moveable assets of the Demerged Undertaking other than those 
referred to in Clause 4.3 above, including all rights, titles and interests in the agreements (including agreements for lease or license of the properties), investments 
in shares, mutual funds, bonds and any other securities, sundry debtors, claims from 
customers or otherwise, outstanding loans and advances, if any, recoverable in cash 
or in kind or for value to be received, bank balances and deposits, if any, with any Appropriate Authority, customers and other Pe rsons, whether or not the same is held 
i n  t h e  n a m e  o f  t h e  D e m e r g e d  C o m p a n y ,  t h e  s a m e  s h a l l ,  w i t h o u t  a n y  f u r t h e r  a c t ,  
instrument or deed, be transferred to and/ or be deemed to be transferred to the 
Resulting Company, with effect from the Appointed Date by operation of law as transmission in favour of the Resulting Company.  With regard to the licences of the properties, the Resulting Company will enter into novation agreements, if it is so 
required. 
 
4.5 In respect of such of the assets and pr operties forming part of the Demerged 
Undertaking which are immovable in nature, whether or not included in the books of 
account of the Demerged Company, includ ing rights, interests and easements in 
relation thereto, the same shall stand transf erred to the Resulting Company with effect 
from the Appointed Date, without any act or deed or conveyance being required to be done or executed by the Demerged Co mpany and/ or the Resulting Company. 
 
4.6 For the avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the generality of Clause 4.5 above 
and Clause 4.7 below, it is clarified that, with respect to the immovable properties comprised in the Demerged Undertaking in th e nature of land and buildings, if any, 
the Demerged Company and the Resulting Co mpany shall register the true copy of 
the order of the Tribunal approving this Sc heme with the offices of the relevant sub-
registrar of assurances or similar registering authority having jurisdiction over the location of such immovable property and sh all also execute and register, as required, 
such other documents as may be necessary in this regard.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
it is clarified that any document executed pursuant to this Clause 4.6 or Clause 4.7 below will be for the limited purpose of meeting regulatory requirements and shall not be deemed to be a document under which the transfer of any part of the Demerged 
Undertaking takes place and the Demerged Undertaking shall be transferred solely 
pursuant to and in terms of this Scheme and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme. 
16 
 4.7 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Scheme, with respect to the immovable 
properties comprised in the Demerged Un dertaking in the nature of land and 
buildings, if any, situated in states other than the state of Karnataka, whether owned or leased, for the purpose of, inter alia, payment of stamp duty and transfer to the 
Resulting Company, if the Resulting Comp any so decides, the Demerged Company 
and the Resulting Company, may execute and register or cause to be executed and 
registered, separate deeds of conveyance or deeds of assignment of lease, as the case 
may be, in favour of the Resulting Company in respect of such immovable properties.  
Each of the immovable properties, if any, only for the purposes of the payment of 
stamp duty (if required under the Applicable Law), shall be deemed to be conveyed at 
a value determined by the relevant authorities in accordance with the applicable circle rates.  The transfer of such immovable properties shall form an integral part of this 
Scheme. 
 
4.8 Upon effectiveness of the Scheme, all debts, li abilities, loans, obligations and duties of 
the Demerged Company as on the Appointe d Date and relatable to the Demerged 
Undertaking (“ Demerged Undertaking Liabilities ”) shall, without any further act or 
deed, be and stand transferred to and be de emed to be transferred to the Resulting 
Company.  The term ‘Demerged Undertaking Liabilities’ shall include: 
 
(a) the debts, liabilities, obligations incurred and duties of any kind, nature or 
description (including contingent liabilities) which arise out of the activities or operations of the Demerged Undertaking; 
 
(b) the specific loans or borrowings (including notes and other debt securities 
raised, incurred and utilised solely for the activities or operations of the Demerged Undertaking); and 
 
(c) in cases other than those referred to in Clauses 4.8 (a) or 4.8 (b) above, so much 
of the amounts of general or multipurpose  borrowings, if any, of the Demerged 
Company, as stand in the same proportion which the value of the assets transferred pursuant to the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking bear to the 
total value of the assets of the Demerged Company immediately prior to the 
Appointed Date. 
17 
 However, Tax liabilities and Tax demands or refunds received or to be received 
by the Demerged Company for a period pr ior to the Appointed Date in relation 
to the Demerged Undertaking shall not be  transferred as part of the Demerged 
Undertaking to the Resulting Company. 
 
4.9 Post the Effective Date, the Demerged Comp any may, at the request of the Resulting 
Company, give notice in such form as it may deem fit and proper, to such Persons, as the case may be, that any debt, receivable, bill, credit, loan, advance, or deposit, 
contracts or policies relating to the Demerged Undertaking stands transferred to the 
Resulting Company and that appropriate modification should be made in their respective books/ re cords to reflect the aforesaid changes. 
 
4.10 In so far as encumbrances, if any, in respect of the Demerged Undertaking Liabilities, 
such encumbrance shall, with out any further act, instrume nt or deed being required 
to be taken or modified, be extended to  and shall operate on ly over the assets 
comprised in the Demerged Undertaking whic h have been encumbered in respect of 
the Demerged Undertaking Liabilities as transferred to the Resulting Company 
pursuant to this Scheme.  Further, in so far as the assets comprised in the Demerged 
Undertaking are concerned, the encumbrance ov er such assets relating to any loans, 
liabilities, borrowings or other debts which are not transferred to the Resulting 
Company pursuant to this Scheme and which continue with the Demerged Company 
shall without any further act, instrument or  deed be released from such encumbrance 
and shall no longer be available as security in relation to such liabilities.  The Demerged Company shall provide such other security that may be agreed between the 
Demerged Company and the respective lender s having the encumbrance.  Insofar as 
the assets comprising the Remaining Business are concerned, the encumbrance, if any, 
over such assets pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking Liabilities is concerned, shall, without any further act, instrument, or deed being required, be released and 
discharged from the encumbrances relating  to the same.  The Resulting Company may 
provide such other security as may be agreed between the Resulting Company and the respective lenders having the encumbrance.  The absence of any formal amendment which may be required by a lender, trustee, or third party shall not affect the operation 
of the above. 
 
18 
 4.11 Subject to Clause 4 and any other provisions of this Scheme, in respect of any refund, 
benefit, incentive, grant or subsidy in relation to or in connection with the Demerged Undertaking, the Demerged Company shall, if so required by the Resulting Company, issue notices in such form as the Resultin g Company may deem fi t and proper, stating 
that pursuant to the Tribunal having sanctioned this Scheme, the relevant refund, 
benefit, incentive, grant or subsidy be paid or made good to or held on account of the 
Resulting Company, as the Person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the right of the Demerged Company to recover or realise the same stands transferred to the 
Resulting Company and that appropriate entries should be passed in their respective 
books to record the aforesaid changes.  
4.12 On and from the Effective Date, all cheques and other negotiable instruments and 
payment orders received or presented for encashment which are in the name of the 
Demerged Company and are in relation to  or in connection with the Demerged 
Undertaking, shall be accepted by the bankers of the Resulting Company and credited to the account of the Resulting Company, if presented by the Resulting Company. 
 
4.13 Permits, including the benefits attached thereto of the Demerged Company, in relation 
to the Demerged Undertaking, shall be transferred to the Resulting Company from the Appointed Date, without any further act, instrument or deed and shall be 
appropriately mutated or endorsed by the Appropriate Authorities concerned 
therewith in favour of the Resulting Company as if the same were originally given by, issued to or executed in favour of the Resulting Company and the Resulting Company shall be bound by the terms, obligations and duties thereunder, and the rights and 
benefits under the same shall be available to the Demerged Company to carry on the 
operations of the Demerged Undertakin g without any hindrance, whatsoever. 
 
4.14 Contracts in relation to the Demerged Un dertaking, where the Demerged Company is 
a party, shall stand transferred to the Resulting Company pursuant to the Scheme 
becoming effective.  The absence of any fo rmal amendment which may be required by 
a third party to effect such transfer shall not affect the operation of the foregoing sentence.  The Demerged Company and the Resulting Company shall, wherever 
necessary, enter into and/ or execute deeds,  writings, confirmations or novations to 
all such contracts, if necessary, in order to give formal effect to the provisions of this clause. 
19 
 4.15 Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing sub-clauses of this Clause 4 and 
upon the effectiveness of this Scheme, the Demerged Company and the Resulting 
Company may execute any and all instrument s or documents and do all acts, deeds 
and things as may be required, including executing necessary confirmatory deeds for 
filing with the trademark registry and Appropriate Authorities, filing of necessary 
particulars and/ or modification(s) of char ge with the concerned RoC or filing of 
necessary applications, notices, intimations or letters with any Appropriate Authority 
or Person to give effect to this Scheme.  The Demerged Company shall take such 
actions as may be necessary to get the assets pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking 
transferred to and registered, in the name  of the Resulting Company, as per the 
Applicable Law. 
 
4.16 For the purpose of giving effect to the orde r passed under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act, in resp ect of this Scheme by the Tribunal, the 
Resulting Company shall, at any time pursuant to the orders approving this Scheme, be entitled to get the recordal of the change  in the legal right(s) upon the demerger of 
the Demerged Undertaking from the Demerg ed Company to the Resulting Company, 
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act.  The Resulting Company, in relation to the Demerged Undertaking, is and shall always be deemed to have been authorised to exec ute any pleadings, applications, forms, etc, as may be 
required to remove any difficulties and fa cilitate and carry out any formalities or 
compliances as are necessary for the implemen tation of this Scheme.  For the purpose 
of giving effect to the vesting order passed  under Section 232 of the Act in respect of 
this Scheme, the Resulting Company shall be  entitled to exercise all rights and 
privileges and be liable to pay all Taxes and charges and fulfil all obligations in relation 
to or applicable to immovable properties, if any, including mutation and/ or substitution of the ownership or the title to or interest in the immovable properties, if any, which shall be made and duly recorded by the Appropriate Authorities in favour 
of the Resulting Company pursuant to the sanc tion of this Scheme by the Tribunal and 
upon the effectiveness of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof, without any further act or deed to be done or executed by the Resulting Company.  It is clarified that the Resulting Company shall be entitl ed to engage in such correspondence and 
make such representations, as may be ne cessary, for the purposes of the aforesaid 
mutation and/or substitution. 
 
20 
 5. EMPLOYEES 
 
5.1 With effect from the Effective Date, all employees of the Demerged Company engaged 
in or in relation to the Demerged Undertaking shall become the employees of the 
Resulting Company on terms and conditions no less favourable than those on which 
they are engaged by the Demerged Company and without any interruption in service. 
 
5.2 The accumulated balances, if any, standing to the credit in favour of the aforesaid 
employees in the existing provident fund, gratuity fund, superannuation fund and any 
other fund of which they are members, as the case may be, will be transferred to the 
respective funds of the Resulting Company se t-up in accordance with the Applicable 
Law and caused to be recognised by the Appropriate Authorities or to the funds 
nominated by the Resulting Company.  Pending the transfer as aforesaid, the dues of 
the said employees would continue to be deposited in the existing provident fund, 
gratuity fund, superannuation fund and other fund respectively of the Demerged Company. 
 
6. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
6.1 Upon coming into effect of this Scheme, all demands, claims, show cause notices, suits, 
actions, administrative proceedings, tribunals proceedings, legal and other dispute 
resolution proceedings of wh atsoever nature by or against the Demerged Company  
pending on the Effective Date relating to the Demerged Undertaking shall not abate or 
be discontinued or be in any way prejudiciall y affected by reason of this Scheme or by 
anything contained in this Scheme but shall be continued and be enforced by or against 
the Resulting Company with effect from the Effective Date in the same manner and to 
the same extent as would or might have b een continued and enforced by or against 
the Demerged Company.  The Resulting Company shall be substituted in place of the 
Demerged Company or added as a party to such proceedings and shall prosecute or 
defend all such proceedings at its own cost, in cooperation with the Demerged Company, and the liability of the Demerged Company shall stand nullified.  The Demerged Company shall in no event be responsible or liable in relation to any such 
legal or other proceedings in relation to the Demerged Undertaking. 
 
21 
 6.2 The Resulting Company undertakes to have all legal and other proceedings initiated 
by or against the Demerged Company referred to in Clause 6.1 above transferred to its name as soon as is reasonably practicable after the Effective Date and to have the same continued, prosecuted and enforced by or against the Resulting Company to the 
exclusion of the Demerged Company on priority.  Both the Parties shall make relevant 
applications and take all steps as may be required in this regard.  
6.3 Notwithstanding anything contained hereinabove, if at any time after the Effective 
Date, the Demerged Company is in receipt of  any demand, claim, notice and/ or is 
impleaded as a party in any proceedings before any Appropriate Authority, in each case in relation to the Demerged Undertaking, the Demerged Company shall, in view of the transfer and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking pursuant to this Scheme, take 
all such steps in the proceedings before the Appropriate Authority to replace the 
Demerged Company with the Resulting Co mpany.  However, if the Demerged 
Company is unable to get the Resulting Company replaced in its place in such proceedings, the Demerged Company shall defend the same or deal with such demand 
in accordance with the advice of the Resulting Company and at the cost of the 
Resulting Company and the latter shall reimburse to the Demerged Company all liabilities and obligations incurred by th e Demerged Company in respect thereof. 
 
7. CONSIDERATION 
 
The Demerged Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Resulting Company and therefore there shall be no issue of shares as consideration for the transfer and vesting 
of the Demerged Undertaking from the Demerged Company into the Resulting 
Company.  
8. ACCOUNTING TREATMENT 
 
The Demerged Company and the Resulting Company shall comply with generally accepted accounting principles in India, provisions of the Act and accounting standards as notified by the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended from time to time, in relation to the transactions in the Scheme, including but 
not limited to the following:  
22 
 8.1 In the books of account of the Demerged Company 
 
Upon Part II of the Scheme coming into effect, the Demerged Company shall account 
for the demerger in its books of account in the following manner: 
 
(a) The Demerged Company shall de-recognise the carrying values of (i) assets; (ii) 
liabilities; and (iii) reserves/ retained earnings of the Demerged Undertaking as on the Appointed Date, to the extent identified and being transferred to the 
Resulting Company pursuant to this Scheme; and  
 
(b) The difference, if any after incorporating the amounts as per paragraph 8.1 (a) 
above, shall be recognised as Capital Reserves and presented separately from 
other reserves in case of a credit balance. If such difference is a debit balance, 
the amount shall be accounted under Retained Earnings. 
 
8.2 In the books of account of the Resulting Company 
 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect, the Resulting Company shall account for the demerger in its books of account in the following manner: 
 
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any other clause in the 
Scheme, Resulting Company shall give ef fect to the Scheme in the books of 
account in accordance with the “Pooling of Interest” method as laid down in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard 103 -  Business Combinations, 
prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, and the generally accepted accounting principles in India.  
(b) The Resulting Company shall record all assets, liabilities and reserves/ retained 
earnings, if any, of the Demerged Unde rtaking to the extent identified and 
transferred to it in pursuance of this Sc heme at their respective book values and 
in the same form and manner as appear ing in the books of account of the 
Demerged Company; 
(c) The difference, if any, after incorporat ing the amounts as per paragraph 8.2 (b) 
above, shall be recognised as Capital Reserves and presented separately in case 
23 
 of a credit balance. If such difference is a debit balance, the amount shall be 
recorded under the head Business Recons truction Reserves. The nature of such 
reserves shall be explained by way of  a note in the financial statements. 
 
(d) Pursuant to the demerger of the De merged Undertaking of the Demerged 
Company into the Resulting Company, the intercompany balances, including loans, advances and optionally conver tible debentures, pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, outstanding be tween the Resulting Company and the 
Demerged Company shall stand cance lled and there shall be no further 
obligation in that behalf;  
 
(e) If the accounting policies adopted by the Resulting Company are different from 
those adopted by the Demerged Company, the assets, liabilities and reserves/ 
retained earnings of the Demerged Undertaking shall be accounted in the books of account of the Resulting Company adopting uniform accounting policies consistent with the accounting policies followed by the Resulting Company; 
and 
 
(f) The comparative financial information in the financial statements of the 
Resulting Company shall be restated as if the demerger has occurred from the 
beginning of the comparative period pres ented or the date of incorporation of 
the Resulting Company, whichever is later. 
 
9. VALIDITY OF EXISTING RESOLUTIONS, ETC. 
 
9.1 Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Board resolutions/ power of attorney 
executed by the Demerged Company in relati on to the Demerged Undertaking, as the 
case may be, as considered necessary by  the Board of the De merged Company in 
relation to the Demerged Undertaking that are valid and subsisting on the Effective 
Date, shall continue to be valid and subsisting and be considered as Board resolutions and power of attorney passed/  executed by the Resultin g Company and if any such 
resolutions have any monetary limits approved  under the provisions of the Act, or any 
other applicable statutory provisions, then said limits as are considered necessary by 
the Board of the Demerged Company shall be added to the limits, if any, under like 
24 
 resolutions passed by the Resulting Company, and shall constitute the aggregate of 
the said limits in the Resulting Company.  
9.2 In terms of Regulation 23 read with Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ LODR Regulations” ), wherever 
applicable, the Resulting Company has take n approval of its shareholders for the 
related party transaction(s) (as defined in  LODR Regulations) between the Demerged 
Company and its related parties with re spect to the business of the Demerged 
Undertaking.  Upon effectiveness of the Sc heme, the Resulting Company will step into 
the shoes of the Demerged Company with resp ect to such related party transaction(s) 
and shall become a party on the same terms and conditions.  As an integral part of this Scheme, the approval of the shareholders of the Resulting Company for such related 
party transaction(s), wherever applicable, sh all be deemed to be the approval for the 
Resulting Company to be party to such relate d party transaction(s) on and with effect 
from the Appointed Date. 
 
10. REMAINING BUSINESS OF THE DEMERGED COMPANY 
 
10.1 The Remaining Undertaking shall continue to belong to and be owned and managed 
by the Demerged Company.  The Demerged Company shall continue to be liable to 
perform and discharge all its liabilities and obligations in relation to the Remaining 
Undertaking, and the Resulting Company shal l not have any liability or obligation in 
relation to the Remaining Undertaking.  
10.2 If the Resulting Company is in receipt of  any demand, claim, notice and/or is 
impleaded as a party in any proceedings before any Appropriate Authority, in each case in relation to the Remaining Undertaking, the Resulting Company shall take all such steps in the proceedings before the Appropriate Authority to substitute the 
Resulting Company with the Demerged Company.  However, if the Resulting 
Company is unable to get the Demerged Company so substituted in such proceedings, the Resulting Company shall defend the same or deal with such demand in accordance with the advice of the Demerged Company and at the cost of the Demerged Company 
and the latter shall reimburse the Resulting Company, against all liabilities and 
obligations incurred by or against the Resulting Company, in respect thereof. 
 
25 
 11. TAXES, DUTIES & CESS 
 
11.1 If the Demerged Company is entitled to any unutilised credits (including accumulated 
losses and unabsorbed depr eciation), advance tax, tax deduction at source, tax 
collection at source, benefits under the state or central fiscal/ investment incentive 
schemes and policies or concessions relating to the Demerged Undertaking under any Tax Law or Applicable Law, the Resulting Company shall be entitled, as an integral part of this Scheme, to claim such benefit or incentives or unutilised credits, as the case 
may be, without any specific ap proval or permission and such benefit or incentives or 
unutilised credits, as the case may be, shall be available for utilization to the Resulting Company in accordance with the Applicable Law.  
11.2 Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Demerged Company and the Resulting 
Company shall have the right to revise th eir respective financ ial statements and 
returns along with prescribed forms, filings and annexures under the Tax Laws and to claim refunds and/ or credit for Taxes paid and for matters incidental thereto, if 
required, to give effect to th e provisions of this Scheme.   
26 
 PART III  
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
12. SAVING OF CONCLUDED TRANSACTIONS 
 
Nothing in this Scheme shall affect any transaction or proceedings already concluded or liabilities incurred by the Demerged Company in relation to the Demerged 
Undertaking until the Effective Date to the end and intent that the Resulting Company 
shall accept and adopt all acts, deeds and things done and executed by the Demerged Company in relation to the Demerged Undertaking in respect thereto as done and executed on behalf of the Resulting Company. 
 
13. BUSINESS UNTIL EFFECTIVE DATE 
 
13.1 With effect from the date of approval of the Scheme by the respective Boards of the 
Parties and up to and including the Effective Date: 
 
(a) The Demerged Company shall carry on  the business of the Demerged 
Undertaking with reasonable diligence and business prudence and in the same 
manner as it had been doing hitherto; and 
 (b) The Resulting Company shall be entitled, pending the sanction of this Scheme, 
to apply to the Appropriate Author ities concerned as necessary under 
Applicable Law for such consents, approvals and sanctions which the Resulting 
Company may require to carry on the rele vant business that is being transferred 
and vested in terms of this Scheme. 
 
13.2 The Demerged Company in relation to the Demerged Undertaking, with effect from 
the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective Date: 
 
(a) shall be deemed to have been carrying on and shall carry on its businesses and 
activities and shall hold and stand possessed of the assets for and on account of, 
and in trust for the Resulting Company; 
27 
 (b) all profits or income arising or accruing to the Demerged Company in relation 
to the Demerged Undertaking and all Taxes paid thereon (including but not limited to advance tax, tax deducted at source, minimum alternate tax, dividend distribution tax, securities transaction tax, Taxes withheld/ paid in a foreign 
country, etc.) or losses arising or incurred by the Demerged Company shall, be 
treated as and deemed to be the profits or income, taxes or losses of the Resulting Company, as the case may be; and 
 
(c) all loans raised and all liabilities and obligations incurred by the Demerged 
Company in relation to the Demerged Undertaking after the Appointed Date 
and prior to the Effective Date, shall, subject to the terms of this Scheme, be deemed to have been raised, used or incu rred for and on behalf of the Resulting 
Company, respectively in which it shall ve st in terms of this Scheme and to the 
extent they are outstanding on the Effective Date, shall also, without any further act, instrument or deed be and be deemed to become the debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Resulting Company, as the case maybe. 
 
14. FACILITATION PROVISIONS 
 
14.1 For demerger of the Demerged Undertaking,  the Demerged Company is permitted to 
align its businesses with that of the Resulting Company and remeasure its assets and/ 
or liabilities, the effect of which shall be adjusted against the retained earnings of the Demerged Undertaking. 
 
14.2 The treatment effected in the books of account of the Demerged Company pursuant to 
the Scheme shall mutatis mutandis be reflected in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Resulting Company as per the requ irements of Section 129 of the Act.  
 
15. PROPERTY IN TRUST 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Scheme, on or after the Effective Date, until any property, asset, license, approval, permission, contract, agreement and rights 
and benefits arising therefrom pertaining to the Demerged Company in relation to the 
Demerged Undertaking is transferred, vested, recorded, effected and/ or perfected, in 
the records of any Appropriate Authority , regulatory bodies or otherwise, in favour of 
28 
 the Resulting Company, the Resulting Compan y is deemed to be authorised to enjoy 
the property, asset or the rights and benefits arising from the license, approval, permission, contract or agreement as if it we re the owner of the property or asset or as 
if it were the original party to the license, approval, permission, contract or agreement.  
It is clarified that till entry is made in the records of the Appropriate Authorities and 
till such time as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, the Demerged Company will continue to hold the property and/ or the asset, license, permission, approval, contract or agreement and rights and benefits arising therefrom, in trust for and on behalf of 
the Resulting Company. 
 
16. APPLICATIONS/ PETITION S TO THE TRIBUNAL 
 
The Parties shall make and file all applications and petitions under Sections 230 to 232 
and other applicable provisions of the Act before the Tribunal, for sanction of this 
Scheme under the provisions of the Act. 
 
17. MODIFICATION OR AMENDM ENTS TO THIS SCHEME 
 
17.1 The Board of the Parties acting jointly may make any modifications or amendments to 
this Scheme at any time and for any reason whatsoever, or which may otherwise be 
considered necessary, desirable or appropri ate.  Any modification or amendment to 
the Scheme by the Board of the Parties pursuant to this Clause 17.1 shall not require any further approval/ consent from the shareholders and/or creditors if the 
shareholders and/or creditors have alread y approved/ consented to the Scheme.  The 
Board of the Parties may consent to any conditions or limitations that the Tribunal or 
any other Appropriate Authority may impose. 
 
17.2 For the purpose of giving effect to this Sc heme, the Board of either of the Parties may 
give such directions, including directions for settling any question or difficulty that 
may arise, and such directions shall be binding as if the same were specifically incorporated in this Scheme and duly approved by the Tribunal. 
  
29 
 18. WITHDRAWAL OF THIS SCHEME 
 
The Board of the Parties, acting jointly, shall be at liberty to withdraw the Scheme at any time before it becomes effective. 
 
19. COST AND EXPENSES 
 
All costs, charges and expenses (including, but not limited to, any taxes and duties, 
registration charges, etc.) of the Parties, respectively, in relation to carrying out, 
implementing and completing the terms and provisions of this Scheme and/ or incidental to the completion of this Scheme  shall be paid by the Resulting Company. 
 
 