   
  
 
Date of submission: January 19, 2026 
To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551 (EQ), 975516 & 976418 To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- NH 
 
Sub: Summary of proceedings of the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors, 
Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited held 
on Monday, January 19, 2026 in relation to the amalgamation of Meridian Medical Research & 
Hospital Ltd. (Subsidiary / Transferor Company) with Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (Company / 
Transferee Company) 
 
In continuation to our letter dated December 18, 2025 and pursuant to the Order dated December 02, 2025 
in Company Application (CAA) No. 44/BB/2025 (“Order”) passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench (“NCLT”), and in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), each as amended, we wish to inform you 
that the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors, Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured 
Trade Creditors (collectively referred as “Meetings”) of the Company were convened and held today, 
Monday, January 19, 2026 at 12:00 Noon, 2:00 P.M., 3:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.M. respectively through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to consider and approve the Scheme of 
Arrangement between Meridian Medical Research & Hospital Ltd. (Subsidiary / Transferor Company) and 
Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (Transferee Company). 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 51(2) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
other applicable provisions, please find enclosed as Annexure-A  the summary of proceedings of the 
shareholders’ meeting, including the creditors’ meetings. 
 
Further, the details in accordance with SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 are enclosed as Annexure-B . 
 
The proceedings of the Meetings are being made available on the Company’s website at 
www.narayanahealth.org . 
 
You are requested to please take the above on record. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited  
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. As stated above 
 
   
  
 
 
Annexure A 
Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
Summary of proceedings of the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors, Unsecured 
Loan Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors 
 
 
The Meetings of the Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors, Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured 
Trade Creditors of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (“Company”)  pursuant to the Order dated December 
02, 2025 in Company Application (CAA) No. 44/BB/2025 passed by the Hon’ble NCLT were held today, 
Monday, January 19, 2026  at 12:00 Noon, 2:00 P.M., 3:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.M. respectively through 
VC/OAVM to consider and approve the Scheme of Arrangement between Meridian Medical Research & 
Hospital Ltd. (Subsidiary / Transferor Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (Transferee 
Company). The Meetings were conducted in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the 
applicable circulars of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
applicable SEBI circulars/Regulation and Secretarial Standard–2 on General Meetings issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
 
Shri Murali Ananthasivan, Advocate, who was appointed as Chairman of the Meetings by the Hon’ble 
NCLT, presided over the Meetings. 
 
Shri Sachin Kumar Jhankal, appointed as the Scrutinizer by the NCLT for conducting the e-voting process 
in a fair and transparent manner, was also present. 
 
The respective notice of each meeting, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, the scheme of arrangement, valuation report, fairness opinion, relevant 
disclosures as per the format specified for Abridged Prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
and other attachments in line with the requirements as per the observation letters of National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, were dispatched to all the Equity Shareholders, Secured 
Creditors, Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors, as the case may be, as per the 
directions of the NCLT contained in the Order.  
 
1. Equity Shareholders  
 
The Meeting commenced at 12:06 P.M. Upon confirmation of quorum, the Chairman called the Meeting to 
order.  
 
The following resolution set out in the notice convening the meeting was put up to the Equity Shareholders 
for voting:  
 
Item 
No.  Agenda 
1. To consider and approve the Scheme of Arrangement between Meridian Medical Research & 
Hospital Ltd. (Subsidiary / Transferor Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
(Transferee Company) 
 
 
He informed that the remote e-voting facility had been provided to shareholders prior to the Meeting, and 
those who had not cast their votes earlier were provided e-voting facility during the Meeting.  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
The Chairman informed that the Notice of the Meeting and documents as prescribed under the Act and 
SEBI Listing Regulations had been circulated electronically and advertisements regarding the Meeting were 
published in Business Standard (English – All India)  and Kannada Prabha (Kannada – Karnataka)  in 
accordance with NCLT directions.  
 
The Chairman invited the shareholders to express their views and raise queries on the Scheme. None of 
the shareholders raised any query or sought any clarification in regard to the Scheme of Arrangement. 
 
2. Secured Creditors, Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors  
 
The Meetings commenced at 2:00 P.M., 3:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.M. respectively. Upon confirmation of quorum 
at each Meeting, the Chairman called the Meetings to order. Remote e-voting facility had been made 
available prior to the Meetings and e-voting was also provided during the Meetings for eligible Creditors. 
 
The following resolution set out in the notice convening the meeting was put up to the Secured Creditors, 
Unsecured Loan Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors for voting:  
 
Item 
No.  Agenda 
1. To consider and approve the Scheme of Arrangement between Meridian Medical Research & 
Hospital Ltd. (Subsidiary / Transferor Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
(Transferee Company) 
 
Upon completion of discussions, the Chairman requested the respective Members / Creditors to cast their 
votes on the resolution approving the Scheme. 
 
He informed that Shri Sachin Kumar Jhankal who was appointed by Hon'ble NCLT as the Scrutinizer would 
scrutinize the remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and submit his report to the 
Chairman.  The Chairman shall incorporate the same in the report that the Chairman shall be filing with the 
Hon’ble NCLT. 
 
The Meetings concluded at 12.26 p.m., 14.17 p.m., 15.18 p.m. and 16.18 P.M. respectively including the 
time allowed for e-voting at the Meeting i.e. 15 minutes after conclusion of the proceedings of the Meeting. 
 
 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited  
 
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
   
  
 
Annexure- B 
Details as required in accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 
dated November 11, 2024 
 
Date of the Meeting January 19, 2026 
 
Brief details of items deliberated and 
results thereof The results of remote e-voting and e-voting during the  
resolution as set out in the Notice of Equity Shareholders, will 
be submitted with the stock exchanges separately, in the 
format prescribed under Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR on 
or January 21, 2026 (Wednesday). The results of the 
meetings of the Secured Creditors, Unsecured Loan 
Creditors and Unsecured Trade Creditors will also be 
submitted. 
Manner of approval proposed for 
certain items (e-voting etc.) The Company had provided remote e-voting facility to the 
members to exercise their votes electronically from Friday, 
January 16, 2026 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) till Sunday, January 18, 
2026 at 5:00 P.M. (IST) on the resolution as set out in the 
Notice of the meetings. Members/creditors who participated 
at the meetings through VC/ OAVM facility and had not cast 
their votes on the Resolution(s) using remote e-Voting, and 
who were otherwise eligible, were provided the facility to e-
vote on the NSDL portal during the Meetings. 
 
 