   
  
 
Date of submission: April 02, 2026 
To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551 (EQ), 975516 & 976418 To,                
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- NH 
 
Sub: Summary of proceedings of the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors, and 
Unsecured Creditors of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited held on Thursday, April 02, 2026 in relation 
to the Scheme of Arrangement between NH Integrated Care Private Limited (Demerged Company) 
and Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (Company / Resulting Company) 
 
In continuation to our letter dated February 26, 2026 and pursuant to the Order dated February 13, 2026 in 
Company Application (CAA) No. 50/BB/2025 (“Order”) passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench (“NCLT”), and in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), each as amended, we wish to inform you 
that the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors (collectively referred 
as “Meetings”) of the Company were convened and held today, Thursday, April 02, 2026 at 10:00 A.M., 
11:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M. respectively through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”) to consider and approve scheme of Arrangement between NH Integrated Care Private Limited 
(Demerged Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited (Resulting Company). 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 51(2) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
other applicable provisions, please find enclosed as Annexure-A  the summary of proceedings of the 
shareholders’ meeting, including the creditors’ meetings. 
 
Further, the details in accordance with SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No.             
HO /49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 are enclosed as Annexure-B . 
 
The proceedings of the Meetings are being made available on the Company’s website at 
www.narayanahealth.org . 
 
You are requested to please take the above on record. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited  
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. As stated above 
 
 
 
   
  
 
Annexure A 
Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
Summary of proceedings of the Meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors and 
Unsecured Creditors 
 
The Meetings of the Equity Shareholders, Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors of Narayana 
Hrudayalaya Limited (“Company”)  pursuant to the Order dated February 13, 2026 in Company Application 
(CAA) No. 50/BB/2025 passed by the Hon’ble NCLT were held today, Thursday, April 02, 2026 at 10:00 
A.M., 11:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M.  respectively through VC/OAVM to consider and approve the Scheme of 
Arrangement between NH Integrated Care Private Limited (Demerged Company) and Narayana 
Hrudayalaya Limited (Resulting Company). The Meetings were conducted in compliance with the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the applicable circulars of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Regulation 44 of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, applicable SEBI circulars/Regulation and Secretarial Standard–2 on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
 
Shri Theerthesh B S , Advocate, who was appointed as Chairman of the Meetings by the Hon’ble NCLT, 
presided over the Meetings. 
 
Smt. Manali Shah, PCS , appointed as the Scrutinizer by the NCLT for conducting the e-voting process in 
a fair and transparent manner, was also present. 
 
The respective notice of each meeting, Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and other attachments were dispatched to all the Equity Shareholders, 
Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors, as the case may be, as per the directions of the NCLT 
contained in the Order.  
 
1. Equity Shareholders  
 
The Meeting commenced at 10:00 A.M. Upon confirmation of quorum, the Chairman called the Meeting to 
order.  
 
The following resolution set out in the notice convening the meeting was put up to the Equity Shareholders 
for voting:  
 
Item 
No.  Agenda 
1. To consider and approve the proposed Scheme of Arrangement between NH Integrated Care 
Private Limited (Applicant Company No. 1/ Demerged Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya 
Limited (Applicant Company No. 2/ Resulting Company) and their respective shareholders & 
creditors. 
 
He informed that the remote e-voting facility had been provided to shareholders prior to the Meeting, and 
those who had not cast their votes earlier were provided e-voting facility during the Meeting.  
 
The Chairman informed that the Notice of the Meeting and documents as prescribed under the Act and 
SEBI Listing Regulations had been circulated electronically and advertisements regarding the Meeting were 
published in ‘’ The Hindu’’ (English)  and ‘’Udayavani’’ (Kannada)  in accordance with NCLT directions.  
 
The Chairman invited the shareholders to express their views and raise queries on the Scheme. The 
queries raised by the shareholders /clarification sought by the shareholders in regard to the Scheme of 
Arrangement were answered by Mr. Sridhar S. Company Secretary. 
 
 
   
  
 
2. Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors  
 
The Meetings commenced at 11:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M. respectively. Upon confirmation of quorum at each 
Meeting, the Chairman called the Meetings to order. Remote e-voting facility had been made available prior 
to the Meetings and e-voting was also provided during the Meetings for eligible Creditors. 
 
The following resolution set out in the notice convening the meeting was put up to the Secured Creditors 
and Unsecured Creditors for voting:  
 
Item 
No.  Agenda 
1. To consider and approve the proposed Scheme of Arrangement between NH Integrated Care 
Private Limited (Applicant Company No. 1/ Demerged Company) and Narayana Hrudayalaya 
Limited (Applicant Company No. 2/ Resulting Company) and their respective shareholders & 
creditors. 
 
Upon completion of discussions, the Chairman requested the respective Members / Creditors to cast their 
votes on the resolution approving the Scheme. 
 
The Chairman informed that Smt. Manali Shah, PCS who was appointed by Hon'ble NCLT as the 
Scrutinizer would submit her report to him. The Chairman shall incorporate the same into his report to the 
Hon’ble NCLT. 
 
The Meetings concluded at 10.35 a.m., 11.48 a.m. and 12.48 P.M. respectively including the time allowed 
for e-voting at the Meeting i.e.15 minutes after conclusion of the proceedings of the Meeting. 
 
 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited  
 
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
   
  
 
Annexure- B 
Details as required in accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO /49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-
POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026. 
 
Date of the Meeting April 02, 2026 
 
Brief details of items deliberated and 
results thereof The results of remote e-voting and e-voting during the  
resolution as set out in the Notice of Equity Shareholders, will 
be submitted with the stock exchanges separately, in the 
format prescribed under Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR on 
or before April 04, 2026 (Saturday). The results of the 
meetings of the Secured Creditors and Unsecured Creditors 
will also be submitted. 
Manner of approval proposed for 
certain items (e-voting etc.) The Company had provided remote e-voting facility to the 
members to exercise their votes electronically from Monday, 
March 30, 2026 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) till Wednesday, April 01, 
2026 at 5:00 P.M. (IST) on the resolution as set out in the 
Notice of the meetings. Members/creditors who participated 
at the meetings through VC/ OAVM facility and had not cast 
their votes on the Resolution(s) using remote e-Voting, and 
who were otherwise eligible, were provided the facility to e-
vote on the NSDL portal during the Meetings. 
 
 