                                                                      OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED  
  CIN - L74999KA2017PLC099619  
(Formerly known as Ola Electric Mobility Private Limited)  
 
July 8, 2026   
 
To 
Nation al Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Address:  Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai -400051, 
Maharashtra, India.    
NSE Scrip Symbol:  OLAELEC   
Subject: Clarification /  Confirmation  on news item appearing in Media/Publication.  
 
Refere nce: The news article captioned “ Ola Electr ic Shares Slip 5% Amid Reports o f Two Suppliers 
Moving NCLT Over Dues”  dated July 7, 2026, published in mainstream media . 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is with reference to your email dated July 7, 2026 seeking clarification on the captioned media report 
received by Ola Electric Mobility Limited (" the Company "). In this regard, set forth below is our response.  
 
Sr. 
No.  Clarification Sought  Company Response  
1 Whether such negotiations/events were 
taking place? If so, you are advised to 
provide the said information along with 
the sequence of events in chronological 
order from the start of 
negotiations/events till date.  With reference to the captioned media repor t and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR Regulations"), the 
Company submits the following clarification:  
 
The Company had raised warranty and performance -
related concerns re garding certain parts supplied by 
Anevolve Mando E -Mobility Private Limited  and 
Sterling E -Mobility Solutions Private Limited , which 
remained unresolved. Accordingly, the Company 
initiated arbitration proceedings against the said 
vendors and filed petition s under Section 9 of the 
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 before the 
Commercial Court, Bengaluru, seeking interim relief 
pending constitution of the arbitral tribunals.  
 
Subsequent to the initiation of the aforesaid 
arbitration proceedings, Anevolve Mando E -Mobility 
Private Limited  and Sterling E -Mobility Solutions 
Private Limited  filed petitions under Section 9 of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 in relation to 
the same underlying transactions.  
 
The Company is of the view that the disputes ra ised by 
the aforesaid vendors are subject to genuine pre -
existing disputes, which are pending adjudication 
through arbitration. Accordingly, the Company is 
contesting the aforesaid petitions and taking all 
                                                                      OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED  
  CIN - L74999KA2017PLC099619  
(Formerly known as Ola Electric Mobility Private Limited)  
 
appropriate legal steps in accordance with applica ble 
law.  
 
The Company remains committed to compliance with 
the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  Any material event or development 
in relation to the aforesaid matter, if and when 
required, shall be appropriately disclosed to the Stock 
Exchanges  in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulatory requirements.  
2 Whether you/company are aware of any 
information that has not been announced 
to the Exchanges which could explain the 
movement in the trading, if any? Further, 
you are advised to provide the said 
information and the reasons for not 
disclosing the same to the Exchange 
earlier as required under  regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.  We submit that the Company is not aware of any 
information that has not been announced to the Stock 
Exchanges which could explain the movement in the 
trading of the equity shares of the Company. Further,  
all material events and information required to be 
disclosed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 have 
been duly disclosed to the Stock Exchanges.  
3 The material impact of this article on the 
Company.  We submit that the publication of the aforesaid media 
report does not have any material impact on the 
business, operations or financial position of the 
Company.  
 
We trust the above clarifies the matter. We kindly request you to take the above clarification o n your 
record. The Company remains committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance 
and regulatory compliance and will continue to make disclosures, as and when required, in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations.  
 
The above intimation will also be hosted on the website of the Company i.e., www.olaelectric.com . 
 
We request you to take the above on your record.  
 
Thanking You  
For Ola Electric Mobility Limited  
 
 
 
Abhishek Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A62027  
Place: Bengaluru  