 
 OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited  
CIN: L74140MH2007PLC432497info@onesourcecdmo.com  |  www.onesourcecdmo.com  Corporate Oﬃce:  
Star 1, Opp IIM Bangalore, Bilekahalli, 
Bannergha Ʃa Road, Bengaluru – 
560076, India  
T: +91 80 6784 0738 Registered Oﬃce:  
Cyber One, Unit No. 902, Sector 30A,  
Plot No - 4 & 6, Vashi,  
Navi Mumbai - 400703, India  
T: +91 22 2789 2924  
Date: February 26, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001  
Scrip Code:  544292  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ONESOURCE  
 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
 
Sub:  Intimation regarding receipt of No Objection / No Adverse Observation Letter from The National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited / BSE Limited in relation to the draft composite scheme of arrangement and amalgamation 
(merger by absorption) amongst Steriscience Specialties Private Limited, Brooks Steriscience Limited,  Steriscience 
Pte. Limited, Strides Pharma Services Private Limited and Onesource Specialty Pharma Limited and their respective 
shareholders (under section 230 to 232 read with section 234, section 52, section 66 of the Indian Companies Act and 
under section 210 read with section 212 of The Singapore Companies Act, 1967 and other applicable provisions of the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013, the Singapore Companies Act, 1967 and the rules framed thereunder (“ Proposed 
Scheme”) 
 
This has reference to our earlier intimation dated September 26, 2025, regarding the decision of the Board of Directors 
of the Company approving the Proposed Scheme.  
 
We wish to inform you that The National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (“ Stock Exchanges ”) by 
their respective letters dated February 25, 2026 have conveyed their “No-objection /No Adverse Observation Letter”, 
for the Proposed Scheme.  
 
The letters issued by the Stock Exchanges are enclosed herewith and shall be uploaded on the website of the Company.  
 
The validity of the said Observation letters is six months from the date of issue. The letters will be placed before the 
Board of Directors of the Companies involved in the Proposed Scheme for their perusal and to decide on the way 
forward. 
 
It may be noted that the Proposed Scheme remains subject to receipt of other applicable statutory and regulatory 
approvals, including from Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal - Mumbai, Singapore Court and the respective 
shareholders and creditors, under applicable laws.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
For OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
Trisha A  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A47635  
 
 
 
 
 Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                          February 25, 2026 
The Company Secretary, 
Onesource Specialty Pharma Limited                                   Dear Sir/Madam,  Sub: Observation Letter for dr aft composite Scheme of A rrangement and amalgamation 
(merger by absorption) between Steriscience Speci alties Private Limited (“SSPL” /“Transferor 
Company”) and Brooks Steriscience Limited (“BSL” or “Transferee Company 1” or “Transferor Company”) and Steriscience Pte. Limited (“Steriscience SG” or “Transferor 
Company 3”) And Strides Pharma Services Private Limited (“SPSPL” or “Transferor 
Company 4”) and Onesource Specialty Pharma  Limited (“Onesource” or “Transferee 
Company 2”) and their respective shareholders  under Sections 230 to 232 read with section 
234, section 52, section 66 of the Indian Compan ies Act and under section 210 read with section 
212 of The Singapore Companies Act, 1967 and other applicable provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the Singapore Companies Act, 1967 and the rules framed thereunder.  We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme  filed by Onesource Specia lty Pharma Limited.  
 Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 51360 dated December 23, 2025, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI /HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 
read with Regulation 37 and 94(2) of SEBI (L isting Obligations and Di sclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, SEBI vide its letter dated Februa ry 24, 2026 has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the draft scheme of arrangement:    a) The Company shall ensure that the proposed Scheme  of Arrangement shall be in compliance with 
the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI (Lis ting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
b) The Company shall ensure to di sclose all details of ongoing adj udication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated, and all other enforcem ent action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters, and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking approval of the 
Scheme. 
c) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the Scheme with the Stock Ex change, from the date of receipt of  this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the Listed Company and the Stock Exchanges. 
d) The Company shall ensure compliance with the S EBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various pr ovisions of th e SEBI Master 
Circular issued on June 20, 2023 and also ensure t hat all the liabilities of  the Transferor Company 
are transferred to the Transferee Company. 
  
Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                                      February 25, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 e) The Company shall ensure that all the inform ation pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies 
involved, if any in the scheme shall be included in the format specified fo r abridged prospectus as 
provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or 
notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for 
seeking approval, if applicable. 
f) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including fi nancials considered for 
valuation report are not for period mo re than 6 months old, if applicable. 
g) The Company shall ensure that the details of proposed scheme under consideration as provided 
by the Company to the Stock Exch ange shall be prominently disclo sed in the notice sent to the 
shareholders. 
h) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be i ssued in te rms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. 
i) The Company shall ensure that  the “Scheme” shall be acte d upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. 
j) The Company shall ensure that th e entities involved in the propos ed scheme shall not make any 
changes in the draft sche me subsequent to filing the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock 
Exchange(s). 
k) The Company shall ensure that no changes to th e draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities/ tribunal s shall be made without spec ific written consent of SEBI. 
l) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock Exchanges s hall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the Co mpany is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT. 
m) The Company shall ensure to co mply with all the applicable prov isions of Companies Act, 2013 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including  obtaining the consent from  the creditors for the 
proposed scheme. 
n) The Company shall ensure to provide the following additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders as a part of expl anatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution 
to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, to enabl e them to take an in formed decision: 
 
   
Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                                      February 25, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 i. In the interest of ensuring transparency and informed decision making by public 
shareholders, Company to prominently disclo se following informati on on the very first page 
of the notice convening the shareholders meeting for approval  of scheme of arrangement (in 
bold text and highlighted for vi sibility) and in all the furthe r communications to the public 
shareholders regarding the scheme. 
 
“The shareholding pattern of Promoter/Promo ter Group and Public shareholders before 
and after implementation of sc heme is depicted as under: 
Category Pre-Scheme 
Shareholding (%) Post-Scheme 
Shareholding (%) Change 
Promoter/ 
Promoter Group    
Public Shareholders   
 
The public shareholders may note th at implementation of scheme shall result in decrease in 
the shareholding of public shareholders of Promoter/Promoter Group from ---% to ---%. 
The Shareholders may also note that approval of  the shareholders to scheme of merger 
would also result in to th em agreeing to increase in s hareholding of promoters on 
implementation of the scheme. Therefore, in vestors should read all the scheme related 
documents before exercising their voting rights. 
 The above disclosure shall al so be accompanied by a brief explanation regarding the 
reasons for the increase in shareholding of Promoter/Promoter Group and its impact on the 
public shareholders in terms of their rights and value of their holding in the Company. 
 
ii. Details w.r.t. accumulated losses of transfero r entities getting merged with Onesource and 
reason as to how is such merger beneficial/ in th e interest of public s hareholders of Onesource 
considering that these losses will form  part of balance sheet of Onesource; 
 
iii. Disclose the impact on reserves of Onesource pu rsuant to the scheme of arrangement along 
with quantitative details showing the impact for both pre & post the scheme of arrangement 
and the same is accordance with applicable  accounting standards and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Disclo se the approval require ment of shareholders 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and  other relevant details. 
 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                                      February 25, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 iv. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholde rs and cost benefit analysis of the scheme. 
 
v. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valua tion Report and Merchant Banker issuing Fairness 
opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share-Swap Ratio and Rationale 
for using above methods. 
 
vi. Projections considered for valuation of compani es along with justification for growth rate 
considered for valuation. 
 
vii. Details of shareholders being categorized  as promoters and public, in Onesource post-
scheme along with rationale fo r the same in the following form at in compliance with SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, 2018 and Companies Act, 2013 
Name of the 
shareholder Classification before 
scheme 
(Promoter/Public) No of shares 
held No of shares allotted 
as per share swap 
ratio Classification in 
Onesource (Promoter/ 
Public) Rationale for 
the same 
      
 
viii. Latest financials of transferor and transfere e companies should be updated on the Website 
and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
 
ix. Details of new shareholders bei ng classified as Promoter/Pro moter group in Onesource post-
merger as specified in Para 10(G) of Sc hedule VI to SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
x. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of transfero r and transferee companies as on the date of 
notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for change s, if any, occurred between 
filing of Draft Scheme to  Notice to shareholders. 
 
xi. Details of potential benefits and risks associ ated with the merger, including integration 
challenges, market conditions  and financial uncertainties. 
 
xii. Financial implication of merger on Promote rs, Public Shareholders and the companies 
involved, synergies between companies along w ith inter-company transactions between them. 
 
xiii. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and re venue of the companies involved, pre and post 
scheme; 
 
xiv. Impact of scheme on revenue genera ting capacity of Transferee Company; 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                                      February 25, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 xv. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company; 
 
xvi. Revised shareholding pattern of transferor and transferee companies Pre and Post-Merger. 
 
xvii. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to 
the shareholders. 
 
o) The Companies shall ensure that all the applicab le additional information,  if any, shall form part 
of disclosures to shareholders,  which was submitted by the Co mpany to the Stock Exchange as 
per Annexure L of Exchange checklist. 
 
p) It is to be noted that the pe titions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required  to send notice for representation as  mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments/observations/representations 
 
q) The Company shall ensure that the listed entity (ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall 
disclose the No-Objection letter of the Sto ck Exchange(s) on its webs ite within 24 hours of 
receiving the same. 
 
r) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in a ccordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be de emed or construed that the same  has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or  opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
It is to be noted that the pe titions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draf t scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for repres entation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Ex change of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations. 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in  any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI  and NSE does not take a ny responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for th e correctness of the stat ements made or opinions 
expressed in the doc uments submitted. 
 
  
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51360                                      February 25, 2026 
 
 Continuation Sheet 
 Based on the draft scheme and other documents sub mitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI  (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we here by convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LOD R) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable  the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT. 
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be inco mplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or  for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listi ng Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities. 
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be  six months from Februa ry 25, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT. 
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred abov e) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. Th e Company is requested to  separately take up 
matter with the concerned depa rtments for approval, if any.  
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance st atus report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59A of S EBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
  
Saili Kamble
 
Manager 
 P.S. Checklist for all the Further I ssues is available on website of the exchange at the following                    
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies-listing/rais ing-capital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist   
 




