 
Piccadily Agro Industries Ltd. 
Registered Office:  Village Bhadson, Umri – Indri Road, Teh. Indri, Distt. Karnal, Haryana-  132117 (India)  
Corporate Office : G-17, JMD Pacific Square, Sector-15 (Part-2), Gurugram, Haryana 122002 (India) 
Ph.: +91-124-4300840, Website: www.piccadily.com,  Email: info@piccadily.com  
Administrative Office: 275-276, Captain Gaur Marg, Sriniwaspuri, New Delhi 110065 
Investor Relations:  Ph.: +91-172-2997651 
CIN No.: L01115HR1994PLC032244 
August 17, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400001  
Scrip code:  530305 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
5th 1, G Block, Floor, Plot No. C – 1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051, Maharashtra, India  
NSE: PICCADIL  
 
Sub.: Intimation regarding receipt of Observation Letters regarding the proposed Scheme of 
Arrangement amongst Piccadily Agro Industries Limited (“Demerged Company” or “PAIL”) and 
Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited (“Resulting Company” or “PFEL”) and their respective 
shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 66 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In reference to our earlier intimation dated April 28, 2026, regarding the decision of the Board of Directors of 
the Piccadily Agro Industries Limited (“Demerged Company”/ the “Company”) approving the above Scheme. 
 
We wish to inform you that the Company has received the No Adverse Observation Letters dated August 14, 
2026, in respect of the aforesaid Scheme from the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“Stock Exchanges”). The letters issued by the Stock Exchanges are enclosed herewith as Annexure A  and 
Annexure B .  
 
The letter is being hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.piccadily.com/scheme-of-arrangement . 
 
It may be noted that the Scheme shall become effective only upon receipt of all requisite statutory, regulatory 
and other approvals, including, inter alia, the approval of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
shareholders and creditors, as may be applicable. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Piccadily Agro Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Niraj Kumar Sehgal  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
  
Niraj 
Kumar SehgalDigitally signed by 
Niraj Kumar Sehgal 
Date: 2026.08.17 
13:20:37 +05'30'





 
 
Non -Conﬁdential  
  
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026  
To  
The Company Secretary, 
Piccadily Agro Industries  Limited                                    
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
  
Sub: Observation Letter for Draft Scheme of Arrangement and Demerger between Piccadily 
Agro Industries Limited and Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited and their respective 
shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 read with section 66 and other applicable 
provisions of Com panies Act, 2013.  
    
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Piccadily Agro Industries Limited . 
  
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/54953 dated July 22, 2026, submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and 
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
SEBI vide its letter dated August  13, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement:  
  
a. The Company shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme  
 
b. The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges.  
 
c. The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.   
d. The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of the transferor Company shall stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed to be transferred to and vested in the transf eree company.  
 
e. The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the unlisted companies 
involved, if any, in the Scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval.  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026 
 
  
 
  
  Non -Conﬁdential  Continuation Sheet  
 
f. The Company shall ensure that the financials in the Scheme, including financials considered 
for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.  
 
g. The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders.  
 
h. The Companies shall disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by  both the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013-   
 
i. Need for the demerger, rationale of the scheme, synergies of business of the entities involved in the scheme, impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.  
ii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and Merchant Banker issuing Fairness opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share -Swap Ratio 
and Rationale for using above methods.  
iii. Basis for arriving at the share swap ratio.    
iv. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company as on the date of notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
v. Capital built -up of the Demerged and the Resulting Companies  since incorporation and  
last 3 years.  
vi. Details of Revenue, P AT and EBIDTA of the Demerged and the Resulting Companies  for 
last 3 years.  
vii. Value of Assets and liabilities of the Demerged Company that are being transferred to the Resulting Company and post -merger balance sheet of the Resulting Company.   
viii. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the demerger  
ix. Financial implication of the demerger on Promoters, Public Shareholders and the companies involved in the scheme along with future growth prospects of resulting company pursuant to demerger.  
  
i. The Company shall ensure to disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its promoters/directors/KMPs.  
 
j. The Companies shall ensure that all the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of disclosures to shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per Annexure L  of Exchange checklist  
 
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026 
 
  
 
  
  Non -Conﬁdential  Continuation Sheet  
 
 
k. The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
  
l. The Company shall ensure  that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. 
 
m. The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI. 
 
n. The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT.  
 
o. The Company shall ensure comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for the proposed scheme.  
 
p. It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations. 
 
q. The listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No- Objection letter of the 
Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
r. Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026 
 
  
 
  
  Non -Conﬁdential  Continuation Sheet  
 
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed 
that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. S EBI and NSE does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
  
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking 
given in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No 
objection” in terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft scheme with NCLT.  
  
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited is  at the discretion of the Exchange.  
  
The listing of Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited  pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be 
subject to SEBI approval & Company satisfying the following conditions  
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited  and its group companies in line with the disclosure requirements applicable 
for public issues with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for making the same available to the public through website of the companies. The following lines must be i nserted as 
a disclaimer clause in the Information Memorandum:   
  
“The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited , its promoters, its management etc.”  
  
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited  in line with the details required as per SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the company as well as NSE .  
  
3. To disclose all the material information about Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited  to NSE on 
continuous basis to make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries  
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026 
 
  
 
  
  Non -Conﬁdential  Continuation Sheet  
 
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:   
  
a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.”  
b) “There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in Piccadily Food & Essentials Limited  between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of 
this approval.”  
  
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Piccadily Food & 
Essentials Limited  shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading 
in securities commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon’ble High Court/NCLT, simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity (or transfer 
entity) are/were listed. Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict 
adherence to said timeline.  
  
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, Bye -laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations 
issued by statutory authorities.  
  
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from the from August 14, 2026 within 
which the Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
  
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately 
take up matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.  
  
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > 
Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59A of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Ob servation letter 
to Compliance Status.   
  
Yours faithfully,   
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE
 Ref: NSE/LIST/ 54953                                                 August  14, 2026 
 
  
 
  
  Non -Conﬁdential  Continuation Sheet  
  
P .S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                    
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companie s-listing/raisin g-capital -furthe r-issue s-main-smechecklis t   
  
  
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application. 
The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ Play store with the name “NEAPS APP”  
  
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Fri, Aug 14, 2026 14:54:48 IST
Location: NSE