 
 
 
 
 
27th March , 2026 
 
BSE Limited                                                                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,                                                            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Rotunda Building, P.  J. Towers,                                                        Plot No. C/1, G -Block,  
Dalal Street, Fort,                                                                               Bandra -Kurla Complex,  Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 001                                                                             Mumbai – 400 051   
BSE Scrip Code: 544597                                                                  NSE Symbol: PIRAMALFIN  
 
Dear Sir  / Madam , 
Sub.:      Outcome of Board Meeting  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 51 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘ SEBI Listing Regulations ’), we wish to inform you that  the Board of Directors ( ‘Board ’) of 
Piramal Finance Limited ( formerly known as ‘Piramal Capital & Housing Finance Limited’ ) (‘the Company ’), at its meeting 
held today, i.e., Friday, 27th March, 2026 , took the following decisions:  
 
1. Approval of scheme of amalgamation  
 
After considering the recommendation and report of the Audit Committee, the Board approved the scheme of amalgamation 
amongst the Company, Piramal  Corporate Tower Private Limited, Piramal Agastya Offices Private Limited ( formerly known as 
PRL Agastya Private Limited ) and DHFL Investments Limited (the wholly -owned subsidiaries of the Company) and their 
respective shareholders and creditors under Sect ions 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  
(‘the Act ’) and the rules made thereunder (‘ Scheme ’).  
 
The implementation of the Scheme is, inter alia , subject to the sanction of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumba i 
Bench ( ‘NCLT ’) and receipt of necessary approvals from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, 
shareholders and creditors, as may be directed by the NCLT , and other regulatory authorities, as may be required .  
 
The Scheme will be filed with BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (collectively, ‘ Stock Exchanges ’) 
as per the provisions of Regulation 37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -
2/P/CIR/202 3/93 dated 20th June, 2023.  
 
The Scheme as approved by the Board would be available on the website of the Company after it has been filed with the Stock 
Exchanges.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular no. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -
POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January, 2026 , details in respect of the Scheme are set out in Annexure I .   
 
2. Approval of issuance of Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures on private placement basis  
 
Further to our letter dated 20th March, 2026, we wish to inform that the Board approved the issuance of Redeemable,  
Non-Convertible Debentures on private placement basis, in one or more tranches as per the details mentioned in Annexure II . 
 
3. Resignati on of Mr. Gautam Bhailal Doshi (DIN: 00004612 ) as Non -Executive Independent Director  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circular no. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -
POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January, 2026 , we wish to inform that Mr. Gaut am Bhailal Doshi (DIN: 00004612) has tendered his 
resignation as Non-Executive Independent Director , due to personal  reasons,  w.e.f. close of business hours  of 27th March, 2026 .  
 
Mr. Doshi  has confirmed that there are no other material reasons other than the one mentioned above, for his resign ation as 
Independent Director.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company place on record its appreciation for the valuable contribution and guidance provided by  
Mr. Doshi during his association with the Company as an Independent Director.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The above information is also available on the webs ite of the Company at www.piramalfinance.com . 
 
The meeting  commenced at 9:30 a.m.  and concluded at  3:00 p.m.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Piramal Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Piramal  Capital & Housing Finance Limited)  
 
 
 
Bipin Singh  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above.  
  
 
 
Annexure I 
 
Details of the  Scheme under Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular no. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th January, 2026  
 
Sr. 
no. Particulars  Details  
1. Name of the entities forming part of the amalgamation  Transferee Company – Piramal Finance Limited ( formerly known as 
Piramal Capital & Housing Finance Limited ) (‘PFL’); and  
  
Transferor Companies – Piramal  Corporate Tower Private Limited  
(‘PCTPL ’), Piramal Agastya Offices Private Limited  (formerly known 
as PRL Agastya Private Limited ) (‘PAOPL ’) and DHFL Investments 
Limited  (‘DIL’)  
 
2. Details in brief such as, size, turnover etc . of the entities  Name of the 
company  Turnover as on 
31st Dec, 2025  
(Rs. in crore)  Total assets as  
31st Dec, 2025  
(Rs. in crore)  
PFL 8,413.70  1,04,550.72  
PCTPL  62.83  939.03  
PAOPL  76.59  827.74  
DIL - 1,020.10  
 
3. Whether the transaction would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, wh ether the same is done at “arms 
length”  The proposed transaction is between PFL and its wholly -owned 
subsidiaries , PCTPL, PAOPL  and DIL.  
 
In terms of Regulation 23(5)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, any 
transaction entered into  between a holding company and its wholly -
owned subsidiary, whose accounts are consolidated with such holding 
company and placed before the shareholders at the general meeting for 
approval, is exempted from the provisions of Regulation 23 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.  
 
Further, in terms of General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17th July, 2014, 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, transactions arising out of 
compromises, arrangements and amalgamations under the Act, will not 
attract the requirements of Section 188 of the Act.  
 
4. Area of business of the entity(ies)  PFL is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Non -Banking 
Financial Company – Investment and Credit Company, and its business 
comprises : (i) retail lending, (ii) corporate mid-market lending , and 
(iii) real estate developer lending.  
 
PCTPL is engaged in the business of acquiring, holding, and letting out 
premises , along with  providing various services and amenities in 
connection therewith.  
 
PAOPL is engaged in the business of real estate / real estate development 
and incidental services as authorised under the objects clause of its 
memorandum of association.    
 
DIL is engaged in the business  of acquir ing any kind of shares, stock, 
debenture st ocks and securities in accordance with the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934 and other applicable statutory and legal provisions.  
 
5. Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  The proposed merger aims to simplify the group structure, optimize 
capital  allocation , strengthen the balance sheet, and enhance operational 
and financial efficiency . 
 
6. In case of cash consideration – amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio  PCTPL, PAOPL  and DIL are wholly -owned subsidia ries of PFL. Upon 
the Scheme becoming effective, the equity shares held by PFL in PCTPL, 
PAOPL and DIL will stand cancelled and no consideration shall be 
issued by PFL.  
7. Brief details of change in shareholding pattern (if any)  of 
listed entity  There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of PFL as no shares 
are being issued pursuant to the Scheme . 
 
  
 
 
Annexure II  
 
Details of Redeemable Non -Convertible Debentures  
 
Type of securities proposed to be issued (viz. equity shares, 
convertibles etc.)  Redeemable Non -Convertible Debentures  (‘NCDs ’) 
Type  of issuance (further public offering, rights issue, depository 
receipts (ADR/GDR), qualified institutions placement, 
preferential allotment etc.)  Private Placement Basis  
Total number of securities proposed to be issued or the total 
amount for which the s ecurities will be issued (approximately)  As may be decided by the Committee of  Directors 
(Administration, Authorization  & Finance) of the Board 
(‘Committee ’). 
Size of the issue  NCDs on Private Placement basis up to  Rs. 15,000 crore 
during the period from  1st April 2026 to 31st March 2027  
(in one  or more tranches).  
Whether proposed to be listed? If yes, name of the stock 
exchange(s)  Yes. 
 
Proposed to be listed in BSE or NSE or  both, as may be 
decided by the Committee from time to time.  
Tenure of the inst rument - date of allotment and date of maturity  As may be decided by the Committee from time to time  
Coupon/interest offered, schedule of payment of coupon/interest 
and principal  
Charge/security, if any, created over the assets  
Special right/interest/privileges attached to the instrument and 
changes thereof  
Delay in payment of interest / principal amount for a period of 
more than three months from the due date or default in payment 
of interest / principal  Nil 
Details of any letter or comments regarding payment/non -
payment of interest, principal on due dates, or any other matter 
concerning the security and /or the assets along with its comments 
thereon, if any  Nil 
Details of redemption of preference shares indicating the manner 
of rede mption (whether out of profits or out of fresh issue) and 
debentures  Not applicable  
 
 
 
 