26th May, 2026  
BSE Limited   
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 544597  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G -Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: PIRAMALFIN  
Dear Sir  / Madam, 
Sub.:   Disclosure  under Regulation s 30 and 51  of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , as 
amended  (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) . 
Further to our intimation dated 12th May, 2026, we wish to inform you that, in connection with 
the scheme of amalgamation amongst Piramal Finance Limited ( Formerly known as Piramal 
Capital & Housing Finance Limited ) (‘Company ’), Piramal Corporate Tower Private Limited, 
Piramal  Agastya  Offices  Private  Limited,  DHFL  Investments  Limited  and their  respective 
shareholders  and creditors  under  Sections  230 to  232 and  other  applicable  provisions  of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder (‘ Scheme ’), the Company had filed the 
Company Appeal (AT) No. 196 of 2026 before the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Appellate Tribunal, New Delhi (‘NCLAT’ ) against  the order dated 30th April, 2026 issued 
by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (‘NCLT’) (uploaded on 
the website of the NCLT on 11th May, 2026) (the ‘Order ’) to the limite d extent that the 
Order directed convening of a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company for 
approval of the Scheme. 
In this regard, the NCLAT has, vide its order dated 19th May, 2026 (uploaded on the website 
of the NCLAT today, i.e., 26th May, 2026), allowed the appeal and dispensed with 
the requirement of convening a meeting of the equity shareholders of the Company.  The 
NCLAT has further directed that the condition imposed by the NCLT vide the Order with 
respect to issuance of notices to the secured and unsecured creditors of the Company 
shall also be complied with in relation to the equity shareholders of the Company. 
The copy of the order issued by the NCLAT, as available on the website of the NCLAT, is 
enclosed as Annexure A and has also been uploaded on the website of the Company. 
The certified copy of the Order is awaited.  
 
 
 We request you to take the aforesaid on record, and to treat the same as compliance with the 
applicable provisio ns of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Piramal Finance  Limited   
(Formerly known as Piramal Capital & Housing Finance Limited ) 
 
 
 
Bipin Singh  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW APPELLATE TRIBUNAL  
PRINCIPAL BENCH  
NEW DELHI  
COMPANY APPEAL (AT) NO.196 OF 2026  
(Arising out of judgement and order dated 30th April, 2026 passed by National 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai in CA(CAA)No.84 of 2026)  
In the matter of:  
Piramal Finance Ltd  
601, 6th Floor,  
Amiti Building,  
Piramal Corporate Park, Kamani Junction,  
Opp Fire Station, LBS Marg,  
Kurla (West)  
Mumbai 400070 Maharashtra   Appellant  
Vs 
1.Piramal Corporate Tower Pvt Ltd ,
2nd Floor, B Block, Piramal Ananta,
Pirmal  Corporate Park,
Kamani Junction, LBS Marg,
Opp Fire Brigade, Kurla (West)
Mumbai 400070
2.Piramal Agastya Offices Pvt Ltd ,
Wing A, Amiti Building,  Pirmal Corporate Park,
Kamani Junction, LBS Marg,
Opp Fire Brigade, Kurla (West)
Mumbai 400070
3.DHFL Investments Ltd ,
601, 6th Floor, Amiti Building
Pirmal Corporate Park,
Kamani Junction, LBS Marg,
Opp Fire Brigade, Kurla (West)
Mumbai 400070ANNEXURE A
2 
 
For Appellant :     Mr. Arun Kathpalia, Sr Advocate, Ms Chitra Rentala, Ms  
Kriti Srivastava, Mr. Alabh Anant Lal, Mr. Utkarsh Mishra, 
Advocates.  
 
ORDER  
HYBRID MODE  
19.05.2026:  
         This Appeal has been filed under Section 421 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) against the order dated 30 April 2026 passed by the Ld. National Company 
Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench in Company Application No. CA(CAA) No. 
84/MB/2026.  The Company Application was filed by Piramal Finance Limited 
(“Appellant Company”) herein under Sections 230 -232 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Companies (Compromise, Arrangement and Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016 in relation to the scheme of amalgamation amongst Piramal 
Corporate Tower Private Limited (“Transferor Company No. 1”), Piramal Agastya 
Offices Private Limited (formerly known as PRL Agastya Private L imited) 
(“Transferor Company No. 2”), DHFL Investments Limited (“Transferor Company 
No. 3”) and the Appellant Company , their respective shareholders and creditors 
(“Scheme”).   
2.       By the Impugned Order, Ld. NCLT dispensed with the meetings of the 
secured creditors and unsecured creditors of the Transferor Companies, but 
however, it directed a meeting of the Appellant Company’s equity shareholders 
be convened on or before 60 days of the Impugned Order , being uploaded  on the 
Hon’ble NCLT’s website . The present Appeal challenges the Impugned Order to 
3 
 
the limited extent it directs convening meeting of the Appellant Company’s equity 
shareholders.   
3.        It is argued t he Impugned Order has been passed in comple te disregard 
to the facts of the case and incorrectly directs convening meeting of the equity 
shareholders of the Appellant merely on account of negative net worth of the 
Transferor Company No. 1 and Tran sferor Company No. 3. It is argued t he 
Impugned Orde r fails to consider the Scheme involves amalgamation of wholly 
owned subsidiaries (i.e., Transferor Companies) into their holding company 
(Appellant Company) where the entire paid -up share capital of the Transferor 
Companies are being held by the Appellant  Company and that n o new shares 
are being issued by the Appellant Company  and the Scheme would not result in 
dilution of the shareholding of  the Appellant Company. The rights and interests 
of the equity shareholders of the Appellant Company are not affecte d by the 
Scheme and there will be no change in the capital structure of the Appellant 
Company.   
4.     It is argued the  Impugned Order proceeds to direct the meeting of the equity 
shareholders of the Appellant Company, even though (a) the Scheme does not 
have any bearing on the equity shareholders or their rights; (b) dispensing the 
meeting of the equity shareholders of the Appellant Company would not be in 
violation of Act, and (c) Scheme is between Transferor Companies and the 
Appellant Co mpany where the net worth of the Appella nt Company is highly 
positive. It is argued t he direction of the Ld. NCLT squarely falls contrary to the 
settled principles of law.   
4 
 
5.      It is also argued t he Impugned Order does not disclose any specific or 
tangible prejudice t hat would be caused to the Appellant Company’s equity 
shareholders if their meeting were dispensed with. It is argued t he Ld. Tribunal 
failed to appreciate the fact the assets and liabilities of the Transfer or Companies 
are already reflected in the Appellant Company’s consolidated financial 
statements for financial year ending 31 March 2025 , which was produced along 
with the Company Application. Such audited financial statements already 
account for the negative pre -merger net worth of Transferor Comp any No.  l and 
Transferor Company No. 3. Further, the Appellant Company’s assets and 
business are substantial, and its financial health is robust. Therefore, 
implications of the negative pre -merger net -worth of the Transferor Company No.  
l and the Transfero r Company No. 3 will be dwarfed by the highly positive post -
merger net worth of the Appellant Company.   
6.       Hence, it is argued the Appeal may be allowed, and the Appellant herein 
may be granted liberty to dispense with the meeting of the equity share holders 
of the Appellant Company in relation to the Scheme . 
7. Before proceeding further we need to examine Section 23 0(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 which read s as under: - 
230. Power to compromise or make arrangements with 
creditors and members. — 
(1)Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed — 
(a)between a company and its creditors or any class of 
them; or  
(b)between a company and its members or any class of 
them,  
5 
 
the Tribunal may, on the application of the company or of any 
creditor or member of the company, or in the case of a company 
which is being wound up, of the liquidator, orde r a meeting of 
the creditors or class of creditors, or of the members or class of 
members, as the case may be, to be called, held and conducted 
in such manner as the Tribunal directs.  
Explanation. —For the purposes of this sub -section, 
arrangement includes a reorganisation of the company’s share 
capital by the consolidation of shares of different classes or by 
the division of shares into shares of different classes, or by both 
of those methods.  
8. Now let us examine the salient features of the Scheme  viz Clause 2.6 and 
Clause 3(v) and it  read as under: - 
2.6 There has been no change in the authorised, issued, 
subscribed and paid -up share capital of the Transferor 
Companies since 31 December 2025.  The Transferor 
Companies are the wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Transferee Company, and the entire paid -up capital of the 
Transferor Companies is held by the Transferee Company.  
3(v) The Scheme does not affect the rights and interests of the 
shareholders of the Transferee Company.  Since the Transferor 
Companies ar e wholly owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
Company, there will be no change in the capital structure of the 
Transferee Company.  Accordingly, the shareholding and other 
rights of the members of the Transferee Company will remain 
unaffected.  
9. Further if we peruse the memo of appeal , it notes: - 
 9.16  ...... 
(i) xxx 
(ii) Appellant Company’s pre -merger net worth is INR 23,710.54 
Crores, and post -merger net worth is INR 23,449.63 Crores. The 
post-merger net worth of the Appellant Company has been 
computed  in accordance with the accounting treatment 
prescribed in the Scheme, as already reflected in the 
consolidated financials of the Appellant Company, which, 
despite taking into account the net worth of the Transferor 
Companies, shows a highly positive net w orth; and  
(iii) While the paid -up share capital of  Transferor Company No. 
1, Transferor Company No. 2 and Transferor Company No. 3 
6 
 
are already held by the Appellant Company, it  shall  stand 
extinguished and no new shares shall be issued upon 
sanctioning of the Scheme;    
 
9.17 . In any event, the negative net -worth of the Transferor 
Company No. 1 and Transferor Company No. 3 have already 
been factored in the consolidated net worth of the Appellant 
Company, which is highly positive and shall not have any 
advers e impact on account of the amalgamation.   
 
9.18 . Additionally, in terms of the standalone audited financial 
statements of the Appellant Company for the financial year 
ending 31 March 2026, the Appellant Company has total assets 
of INR 1,09,542.43 Crores an d its profit after tax was INR 
1,540.02 Crores. Therefore, the Appellant Company’s assets 
and business are substantial, and its financial health is robust. 
Therefore, implications of the negative pre -merger net -worth of 
the Transferor Company No. 1 and the  Transferee Company No. 
3 (if any) will be dwarfed by the highly positive post -merger net 
worth of the Appellant Company. A copy of the audited 
standalone financial statements ending 31 March 2026 of the 
Appellant Company is annexed to this Appeal as Annex ure 
A/22    
 
10. Vide the impugned order , the Ld. NCLT had held as follows: -   
10.9 The Ld. Counsel for the Applicant Companies submitted 
that the Scheme does not entail any compromise or 
arrangement whatsoever between the Transferor Companies, 
Transferee Company and its Shareholders and Creditors 
within the meaning of Sections 230 to 232  of the Act. Therefore, 
holding of meetings of Shareholders of Transferee Company 
and the meetings of the Creditors of the Transferor Company -
1, Transferor Company -2 and the Transferee Company for 
approval of the proposed Scheme is not required. Transferor  
Companies are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
Company. The entire economic and beneficial interest of the 
Transferor Companies is held by the Transferee Company. 
After the Scheme is sanctioned, no new shares will be issued 
or allotted, as cons ideration pursuant to the amalgamation, to 
the members of the Transferor Companies by the Transferee 
Company. The Scheme does not involve any re -organization of 
the paid -up share capital of the Transferee Company, and 
therefore, the Scheme will not result in dilution of the 
shareholding of the Transferee Company. Further, there is no 
7 
 
restructuring or change in the debt owed to the creditors, and 
the same shall continue to be a liability of the amalgamated 
entity as on the Appointed Date. Based on the provis ional 
financial statements of the Applicant Companies as on 
31.12.2025, the post -merger networth of the Transferee 
Company would be positive of Rs.23,449.63 Cr., certificate 
issued by a Chartered Accountant is part of the Application. 
Consequently, the abi lity to discharge the claims of all the 
creditors of the Applicant Companies in the normal course of 
business would not be adversely affected. It is further 
submitted that the existence of the Transferee Company will 
remain as before without any change eit her to its shareholding 
pattern or debt position pursuant to the Scheme. Hence, the 
proposed Scheme is in no way prejudicial to the interest of 
shareholders or creditors of Applicant Companies nor does it 
affect the rights and interests of the members and creditors of 
the Applicant Companies.  
10.10  The Ld. Counsel further submitted that in the present 
case dispensation of meeting of equity shareholders of the 
Transferee Company and the creditors of the Transferor 
Company -1, Transferor Company -2 and the Tra nsferee 
Company is permissible if a scheme of amalgamation is 
between wholly owned subsidiaries and the holding company 
of such wholly owned subsidiaries and no shares are being 
issued or allotted as consideration or otherwise pursuant to the 
scheme of ama lgamation. The Ld. Counsel has also relied on 
the judgments of the Hon’ble NCLAT, New Delhi in Company 
Appeal (AT) No. 109 of 2023 in Reliance Industries Limited, 
Company Appeal (AT) No. 137 of 2021 in the matter of Patel 
Hydro Power  Private Limited, in Co mpany  Appeal (AT) No. 19 
of 2021 in the matter of  Ambuja Cements Limited, and in 
Company Appeal (AT) No. 180 of 2019 in the matter of DLF 
Phase - IV Commercial Developers Limited, Company Appeal 
(AT) No. 171 of 2025 in the matter of Archernar Brand 
Technologies Private Limited and Ors., Company Appeal (AT) 
No. 59 of 2021 in the matter of Mohit Agro Commodities 
Processing Pvt. Ltd. and Anr., Company  Appeal (AT) No. 169 of 
2024 in the matter of One World v. FIM Holdco & Ariston 
Investments), and Lasa S upergenerics Ltd. V. Harishree 
Aromatics & Chemicals (P) Ltd., (2022 SCC Online NCLAT 459).  
10.11  We have considered the submissions of the Ld. Counsel. 
The word ‘may’ used in  Section 232(1) of the Companies Act 
provides some discretion to the Tribunal to dispense with the 
meeting of shareholders and creditors. However, it is a settled 
position of law that the shareholders are to be considered on a 
different footing. It is observed that the net worth of the 
8 
 
Transferor Companies appears to be negative, and t he equity 
shareholders are the stakeholders who should take a view on 
the implications of the merger. Having regard to the above, we 
are of the considered view that the shareholders should be 
afforded an opportunity to deliberate on the ramifications of th e 
merger, and that the Tribunal should not exercise its discretion 
to dispense with the meeting of shareholders in the facts and 
circumstances of the case. Consequently, the Transferee 
Company is directed to hold the meeting of equity shareholders. 
However , the meeting of secured and unsecured creditors is 
dispensed with. The Transferee Company is directed to send 
notice to its secured and unsecured cre ditors by Courier / 
SpeedPost/ email(to those whose email addresses are duly 
registered with the Transferee  Company for the purpose of 
receiving such notices by email) at their last known address. 
They may submit their representations, if any, within a period 
of 30 (thirty) days from the date of receipt of such notice to the 
Tribunal, with a copy of such repres entations shall 
simultaneously be served upon the Transferee Company, 
failing which, it shall be presumed that they have no 
representations to make on the Scheme.    
 
11. It is the submission of the learned senior counsel for the appellant the 
meeting of th e equity shareholder needs to be dispensed as there is no 
compromise or arrangement between the transferee company and its 
shareholders and hence no meeting as is envisaged per Section 230(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013  is required .  Even otherwise , it is s ubmitted while 
dispensing of the meeting of secured and unsecured creditors , there was no 
reason to direct  the meeting of the  equity  shareholders to be held.  Heard.  
12. In Company Scheme Petition No. 123/2010  the High Court of Judicature 
at Bombay , vide Order dated 12th March, 2010 held as under: - 
8. The Counsels appearing for the parties submit that the 
objection raised by the Learned Company Registrar is not 
maintainable and further contended that the filing of a separate 
9 
 
petition by the Transfer ee Company, is not necessary for the 
following reasons: -  
(a) It is an admitted position that the Transferor Company is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. It is also 
an admitted position that under the Scheme, the assets and 
liabilities of the Transferor Company will be transferred to and 
vest in the Transferee Company without any change in the 
capital structure of the Transferee Company as no new shares 
are being issued.   
(b) A Scheme is a contract between Companies. It requires the 
Cour t’s approval in accordance with Section 391 of   the Act, 
only if it is a Scheme covered by that provision, otherwise any 
other contract entered into by a Company does not need the 
Court’s approval.  
(c) Section 391 of the Act deals with two special cases:   
(i) when there is a compromise or arrangement between 
a Company and its creditors or any class of them; and   
(ii) where there is a compromise or arrangement between 
a Company and its members or any class of them.   
Neither of these fundamental jurisdictiona l preconditions is 
satisfied / met in the present case insofar as the Transferee 
Company is concerned. The Transferee Company will merely 
acquire the assets / liabilities of the Transferor Company. The 
shareholding and other rights of the members of the Tr ansferee 
Company will be un -affected because no new shares are being 
issued and there is also no consequential change in the capital 
structure of the Transferee Company. These facts are ex -facie 
evident from a bare reading of the Scheme. Consequently, the 
Scheme, insofar as the Transferee Company is concerned, is 
not a compromise or arr angement within the meaning of  Section 
391 of the Act and does not need a separate Petition to be 
moved by the Transferee Company.  
(d) The submission of the Learned Company R egistrar that as 
an asset / undertaking with a negative Net Worth is being 
transferred to the Transferee Company, this will necessarily 
affect the financials of the Transferee Company and this, in 
turn, will affect members and creditors of the Transferee 
Company and hence a separate Petition by the Transferee 
Company is necessary, is not correct, both as a matter of law 
and as a matter of fact. The judgments of this Hon’ble Court in 
the cases of (i) Mahaamba Investments; and (ii) Kovalam 
Hotels, which are r elied upon by the Learned Company 
10 
 
Registrar,in the facts of the present case, do not assist or 
support the stand of the Learned Company Registrar, for more 
than one reason.   
(e) Firstly, a Petition by the Transferee Company is only 
necessary if the Scheme attracts the two conditions of Section 
391, viz. there is a compromise or arrangement between the 
Company and its creditors or its members (or any class of 
them). This is a jurisdictional precondition which is totally 
absent in this case. Insofar as   the T ransferee Company is 
concerned, there is no ‘compromise’ or ‘arrangement’ with 
either members or creditors. Mere acquisition of an asset or 
undertaking which has a negative Net Worth (as is the case in 
the present Scheme) does not constitute or involve the  
Transferee Company entering into any ‘compromise’ or 
‘arrangement’ with either its members or creditors. The 
contrary would result in startling consequences and if taken to 
its logical conclusion, would mean that in every case, where a 
Company acquires an  asset or undertaking having a negative 
Net Worth a Scheme will be necessary. This cannot be the case.  
(f) Secondly, neither of the two decisions relied upon by the 
Learned Company Registrar, lay down any legal proposition 
that where a Scheme involves a tr ansfer of an asset or 
undertaking having a negative Net Worth (without involving any 
re-organisation of capital of the Transferee), this ipso facto, 
makes a separate Scheme by the Transferee Company 
necessary. This will be evident from a careful reading of  the 
observations in those judgments which were made (and have 
to be understood) with reference to the facts of those cases.    
(g)The judgment of this Court in the case of Mahaamba 
Investments Ltd. vs. IDI Limited, supports the stand of the 
Petitioners and  the Transferee Company. In the said decision, 
this Court followed the previous judgment of this Court 
(Vimadalal J.) in the case of Bank of India Ltd. vs. Ahmedabad 
Manufacturing & Calico Printing Co. Ltd. (reported in (1972) 42 
Comp. Cases. P. 211). In B ank of India Ltd. vs. Ahmedabad 
Manufacturing & Calico Printing Co. Ltd., this Court held (at 
page 219) that :   
i. if a Scheme by way of a transfer of an undertaking 
does not affect the rights of the members or creditors of 
the Transferee Company, as betwe en themselves and 
the Company; or   
ii. does not involve a re -organization of the share capital 
of the Transferee Company;   
then in such an event, it was not necessary for a Transferee 
Company to file a separate Petition for sanction under Sections 
391 to 3 94 of the Companies Act.    
11 
 
(h) The present case is squarely covered by the said decision 
and both conditions are satisfied. The Scheme does not involve 
a re -organization of the share capital of the Transferee 
Company, which will remain unaltered post the S cheme. The 
Scheme also does not affect the rights of the members or 
creditors of the Transferee Company (or any class of them) as 
between themselves and the Company. This will be clear from 
what is stated hereafter.    
(i) What needs to be seen is whether t he Scheme affects or 
impacts the rights of members / creditors vis -à-vis the 
(Transferee) Company. In other words, the Scheme must involve 
or result in an alteration of or change in, the rights of 
Shareholders / Creditors vis -à-vis the Company. An 
acquisit ion, by a Company, of an asset having a negative Net 
Worth does not impact / affect the rights of Shareholders / 
Creditors viz -a-vis the Company. These rights remain 
unchanged. There is a clear distinction between ‘rights’ of a 
Shareholder / Creditor vis -à-vis the Company and the ‘value’ 
of a Shareholder’s interest (i.e. share) or the ‘value’ of the 
Company / its assets. The two are entirely distinct and 
different and it is critical that this distinction is not lost sight of. 
Any concern or   apprehension th at by reason of the Scheme and 
the absorption of an asset / undertaking with a negative Net 
Worth, the ‘value’ of the Transferee Company and its shares 
will come down. (however, laudable this may be,) as a matter 
of law, cannot obliterate the clear legal a nd conceptual 
distinction between “rights of a member / creditor vis -à-vis the 
Company” and the “value of the Company or the interest of the 
member”. Valuation may change. Rights do not. This therefore 
cannot be the basis for compelling a Company to Petiti on a 
Court, when the Act / Law does not so require.  
(k) Without prejudice to the above and in any event, in the facts 
of the present case, there is no basis for drawing any inference 
that even the ‘value’ of the Transferee Company or the 
member’s / credito r’s interest therein, will be prejudicially 
affected. A perusal of (i) the Scheme; (ii) the Petition; (iii) the 
Audited Balance Sheet and Accounts of the Transferor and 
Transferee Company (which are annexed to the Petition); and 
(iv) the Affidavit dated 5t h March, 2010 filed by Mr. Amit 
Bhasin, makes it clear that the negative Net Worth of the 
Transferor Company has almost entirely been reflected in the 
financials of the Transferee Company. In other words, the 
Balance Sheet and Accounts of the Transferee Co mpany have 
already discounted for and made allowance for almost all of 
the negative Net Worth of the Transferor Company. This is 
because of a combination of the Accounting Standards followed 
12 
 
by the Transferee Company and the fact that the Transferor 
Compan y is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee. Also 
to be noted is the fact that the Transferee Company has one of 
India’s healthiest bottom lines and is, financially, in an 
extremely robust position. Its profit after tax for the year 2008 -
2009 was Rs.2 496.45 Crores. There is therefore absolutely no 
basis for any apprehension, on facts, as well.  
 
13. Further i n Mohit Agro Commodities Processing Pvt Ltd Vs Gujarat Ambuja 
Exports Ltd, Co mpany Appeal (AT) No.59/2021 this  Tribunal held:  
17. It is seen that Section 232(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
uses the word ‘may’ which introduces an element of discretion 
to the Tribunal to be exercised in the interest of justice in 
appropriate situations. It is evident from the aforesaid citations 
that the High Courts ha ve exercised this discretion dispensing 
with the requirement of convening the meetings, if the Bench is 
satisfied in all respects. Section 232 is a specific provision 
carved out by the Legislature when both conditions maintained 
in clauses (a) and (b) of s ub-Section (1) of Section 232 are met. 
In the instant case the amalgamation sought for is between a 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary and the Holding Company. The point 
which needs to be noted is whether such an arrangement alters 
the rights of the Stakeholders of t he Company; whether such 
an amalgamation has any bearing internally on 
Creditors/Members of both the Companies; whether not 
holding the subject meeting would amount to violation of any of 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013; whether the 
Tribunal can exercise their discretion when the ‘Transferor 
Company’ is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the ‘Transferee 
Company’ and financial position of the ‘Transferee Company’ 
is positive and the merger is not affecting the rights of the 
Shareholders or the Creditors.   
18. The material on record establishes that the ‘Transferee 
Company’ is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the ‘Transferor 
Company’ and there is no issuance of any new shares and 
therefore there is no reorganization of share capital and 
consequently no arrange ment wherein Shareholders have to 
compromise with Creditors of the ‘Transferor Company’. The 
documentary evidence substantiates that the net worth of the 
‘Transferee Company’ is definitely positive.  
20. This Tribunal has placed reliance in ‘DLF Phase IV, 
Commercial Developers Limited and Ors.’ in Company Appeal 
13 
 
(AT) No. 180 of 2019 and observed that the scheme would not 
prejudicially affect the Creditors or Shareholders of the 
Appellant Company when an Application is filed by the 
‘Transferor Company’ or ‘T ransferee Company’, a separate 
Application is not necessary and dispensed with the meeting of 
the equity Shareholders and Creditors of the Appellant 
Company. At the cost of repetition, keeping in view that the 
financial position of the ‘Transferee Company’  is highly 
positive, the merger does not involve any 
compromise/arrangement with any Creditor of the Company, 
that there would be a positive net worth and Creditors would 
not be compromised, the Tribunal ought to have exercised the 
discretion in dispensing  with the requirement of convening the 
meeting which would facilitate ease of doing business and save 
time and resources. To reiterate, we observe that the rights and 
liabilities of Secured and Unsecured Creditors were not getting 
affected in any manner by  way of the proposed scheme as no 
new shares are being issued by the ‘Transferor Company’ and 
no compromise is offered to any Secured and Unsecured 
Creditors of the ‘Transferee Company’. Therefore, we are of the 
considered view that when the ‘Transferor an d Transferee 
Company’ involve a parent Company and a Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary the meeting of Equity Shareholders, Secured 
Creditors and Unsecured Creditors can be dispensed with as 
the facts of this case substantiate that the rights of the Equity 
Shareholde rs of the ‘Transferee Company’ are not being 
affected.  
14. Similarly in Ambuja Cements Ltd Company Appeal (AT) No.19/2021 this 
Tribunal held as under: - 
37. From the above Judgment of the Hon’ble High Court of 
Bombay in the matter of ‘Mahaamba Investments  Ltd.’vs ‘IDI 
Ltd.’, whereby it is clear that an Application filed by the 
Transferor Company or Transferee Company, a separate 
Application is not necessary by the Transferee/Transferor 
Company. Further, this Tribunal in the matter of ‘DLF Phase –
IV Commerc ial Developers Ltd. & Ors.’ dispensed with the 
meetings of the Creditors and shareholders. However, the facts 
of the DLF matter are little different i.e. in the DLF matter the 
written consent was obtained by way of an ‘Affidavit’. This 
Tribunal allowed the  Appeal by setting aside the order of the 
Tribunal where the Learned Tribunal rejected the approval 
seeking the dispensation of the meetings of creditors and 
14 
 
shareholders. However, in the present case we are of the view 
that the Learned Tribunal ought to h ave dispensed with the 
meetings of the Equity shareholders and Creditors of the 
Appellant Company. The only objection taken by the Learned 
NCLT that no written consent by way of an Affidavit’ of the 
Shareholders and Creditors, were filed.  
38. We are of the view that as held by the Hon’ble Supreme 
Court that a Coordinate Bench of a court cannot pronounce 
Judgement contrary to declaration of law by another Bench. In 
the Present case, the Tribunal (NCLT) Ahmedabad Bench erred 
in not following its own order passed in ‘Vodafone Idea Ltd.’, 
Wherein similar facts are involved in both the cases. 
Conclusion:  
39. In view of the forgoing reasons we set aside the order of the 
Learned NCLT dated 10.12.2020 in CA (CAA) No. 50 of 
2020.Accordingly, we disp ense with the meetings of the Equity 
shareholder, Secured and Unsecured Creditors of the Appellant 
Company. The matter is remanded back to the NCLT for further 
Consideration . 
15. in Momagic Technologies Pvt Ltd Company Appeal (AT) No.147/2022 this 
Tribunal  has held as under: - 
24.This Tribunal considering the submissions of the Appellant 
that the Appellant Company is a holding company and no new 
shares are being issued, the rights of the shareholders of the 
Appellant Company are not affected, the scheme does  not 
involve reorganization of the share capital and the net -worth of 
the Appellant Company post amalgamation would remain highly 
positive.  
27.xxxxx  
(i) Convening meeting of shareholders of the Transferee 
Company/Appellant Company is dispensed with.  
16. Thus on facts we note that admittedly the scheme does not have bearing 
on the equity shareholders or their rights and there has been no change in the 
authorised, issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the transferor 
compan ies since 31.12.2025.  Fur ther the transferor companies are wholly 
owned subsidiar ies of the transferee company and the entire paid up capital of 
15 
 
the transferor companies is held by the transferee company.  Further the scheme 
does not affect the rights and interest of the sharehold ers of the transferee 
company.  Since the transferor companies are the wholly owned subsidiar ies of 
the transferee company, there shall be no change in the capital structure of the 
transferee company.  Therefore, the shareholding and other rights of the 
members of the transferee company shall remain unaffected.  
17. Further admittedly the assets and liabilities of the transferor companies 
are already reflected in the appellant’s compan y consolidated financial statement 
for the financial year ending on 31.03.2025.  Such audited financial statements 
already account for a negative p re-merger net worth of transferor company No.1 
and transferor company No.3.  Further the appellant’s companies ’ assets and 
business are substantial and has a robust financial health, therefore, the 
implication of the negative pre -merger net worth of the transferor company No.1 
and transferor company No.3 will be negligible as is evident from the fact that 
the pre -merger net worth of transferee company is about Rs.23710.54 crores and 
post-merger net worth is Rs.23449.63 crores.  Thu s considering the fact there is 
no compromise or arrangement between the companies  and its members and 
mere acquisition of the assets or undertakings which has a negative net worth 
does not constitute or involve the transferee company entering into any 
compromise or arrangement with either its members or creditors, hence the 
dispensing of meeting of the equity shareholders of the appellant  compan y would 
not be a violation of the Act.  
16 
 
18. Thus for the reasons aforesaid and in the circumstances of this case i t 
would be justified if the meeting of the equity shareholders is also dispensed with 
and to this extent the impugned order is set aside.  However, the condition 
imposed upon the transferee company by Ld. NCLT for sending notices to the 
secured and unsecur ed creditors, be also complied with by the transferee 
company in case of equity shareholders , besides other compliances as per law.  
19. Thus in the circumstances , the appeal is allowed to the above extent.  
20. Pending applications are also disposed of.  
  
(Justice Yogesh Khanna)  
Member (Judicial)  
 
 
 
(Mr. Ajai Das Mehrotra)  
Member (Technical)  
BM 