                                                                                                                                  
 
                                                                            November 15, 2025 
 
The Manager (CRD)  
The BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001  The Manager – Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 530117  Symbol: PRIVISCL  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Outcome of the Board Meeting held on November 15, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to the captioned subject and in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), please note 
that the Board of Directors of the Company (“ Board”), at its meeting held on Saturday, November 15, 
2025, which commenced at 11:00 a.m. and concluded at 11.45 a.m., has considered and approved the 
withdrawal of the Scheme of Amalgamation of Privi Fine Sciences Private Limited and Privi 
Biotechnologies Private Limited with the Company and their respective shareholders. 
 
Accordingly, the information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November 2024 is enclosed as 
Annexure I.   
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited  
 
 
 
Ashwini Saumil Shah 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above
                                                                                                                                  
 
 
 
ANNEXURE I 
 
Details as required under SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024: 
  
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details 
1 Name of regulatory or licensing 
authority 
 BSE Limited  and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
 
2 Brief details of approval/license -  
obtained/withdrawn/surrendered 
 Withdrawal of Scheme of Amalgamation of Privi Fine 
Sciences Private Limited and Privi Biotechnologies 
Private Limited with Privi Speciality Chemicals 
Limited and their respective shareholders under 
Section 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 
 
3 Impact/ relevance of such 
approval/license to the listed entity The impact pertains primarily to a delay in filings. The 
Company proposes to refile the application shortly. 
 
4 Withdrawal/ Cancellation or 
suspension of license/approval by the 
regulatory or licensing authority, with 
reasons for such action, estimated 
impact on (monetary or otherwise) 
listed entity and penalty, if any 
 Withdrawal of Scheme of Amalgamation was a 
voluntary decision of the Board based on the 
observations received from the Stock Exchanges. 
5 Period for which such 
approval/license is/was valid 
 Not Applicable 
6 Subsequently, the listed entity shall 
inform the stock exchange (s) the 
actual impact  The Company hereby has announced the withdrawal 
of application submitted to Stock Exchanges and 
since the Company proposes to refile the Scheme 
shortly, it confirms that no adverse impact is 
expected to arise from the withdrawal of the Scheme 
of Amalgamation. 
 
 