 
 
 
 
 
 
May 26, 202 6 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai 400001  
Scrip Code : 543248  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051, India.  
Symbol: RBA  
Dear Sir(s)  
 
Sub:  Open Offer by Lenexis Foodworks  Private Limited (“Acquirer 1”), Aayush Agrawal Trust (“Acquirer 2”), Inspira 
Foodworks Private Limited (formerly Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited) (“Acquirer 3”) and Mr. Aayush Madhusudan 
Agrawal (“Acquirer 4” and collectively the Acquirer 1, Acquirer 2, Acquirer 3 and Acquirer 4 are referred to as 
“Acquirers”) together with Inspira Agro Trading LLC (“PAC”) in its capacity as a person acting in concert with the 
Acquirers, to acquire upto  20,80,61,717 Equity shares of ₹ 10/ - each for cash at a price of ₹ 7 0.00 / - per Equity Share along 
with the Applicable Interest of INR 0.39 ( Indian Paise Thirty Nine) per Equity Share, payable in cash, in accordance with 
the provisions of regulation 18(11) and 18(11 A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of 
Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (“SEBI SAST Regulations”)  for a total consideration of up to INR 14, 64,54,64,260, 
to the Public shareholders of Restaurant Brands Asia Limited ( “Target Company”) (“Open Offer” / “Offer”)  
 
Pursuant to and in compliance with Regulations 3(1), 4 and other applicable regulations of the SEBI SAST Regulations , the Acquirer s 
are making the Open Offer for acquisition of up to 20,80,61,717  fully paid up eq uity shares of face value of INR 10 each, 
representing 26%  of the Expanded V oting Share Capital of the Target Company and in this regard, enclosed is a copy of the letter 
of offer dated May 26, 202 6 (“Letter of Offer” or “LOF” ) for your kind reference.  
 
The LOF is being sent to all public shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Target Company, at thei r 
stated address, as of the Identified Date, i.e. May 22, 2026 . 
 
All capitalised terms not defined her ein shall have the same meaning, as specified in the enclosed LOF. 
 
We request you to take the same on your records and upload it on your website for dissemination to the public.  
 
Yours faithfully , 
 
 
 
On behalf Motilal Oswal  Investment Advisors Limited   
 
 
 
 
Authorised Signatory  
Name: Subodh Mallya  
Designation:  Executive Director   
Date:  May 26 , 202 6 
Place: Mumbai  

 
 1 LETTER OF OFFER  
 
‘THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION ’ 
The Letter of Offer (“ Letter of Offer ”/ “LoF”) is being  sent to you as a Public Shareholder (as defined below)  of Restaurant Brands Asia Limited (“ Target Company ”). 
If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you may consult your stockbroker or investment consultant or Manager to the Offer (as defined below)  or 
the Registrar to the Offer (as de fined below) . In case you have recently sold your Equity Shares (as defined below) , please hand over the Letter of Offer and the 
accompanying Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  (as defined below)  and transfer deed to the member of the stock exchange th rough whom the said sale was 
effected.  
OPEN OFFER (“OPEN OFFER” / “OFFER”)  
BY 
 
Lenexis Foodworks Private Limited  
A private limited company incorporated under the (Indian ) Companies Act, 1956 ; 
Corporate Identification Number: U55100MH2007PTC175287 ; 
Registered Office:  Level 6, Gala Impecca, Next to Courtyard Marriott, CTS -29/1, Chakala, A.K. Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai, 400059;  
Tel: +91 22 6773 3600 ; 
 (hereinafter  referred to as the “ Acquirer 1 ”) 
 
AND  
Aayush Agrawal Trust  
A private trust governed under the provisions of the Indian Trusts Act, 1882 ; 
Registered Office:  Level 6, Gala Impecca, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Next to Courtyard Marriott Hotel, Mumbai – 400059;  
(hereinafter referred to as the “ Acquirer 2 ”) 
 
AND  
Inspira Foodworks Private Limited (formerly known as Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited)  
A private limited company incorporated under the (Indian ) Companies Act, 2013 ; 
Corporate Identificati on Number: U68200MH2024PTC432028 ; 
Registered Office:  3/B, Hind Saurashtra Ind. CHS Ltd., Nr Bajrang Petrol Pump, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059;  
Tel: +91 22 6773 3600/ 22 6773 3550 ;  
(hereinafter referred to as the “ Acquirer 3 ”) 
 
AND  
Mr. Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal  
An Indian inhabitant ; 
Address:  Flat No. 3204, Tower B, Three Sixty West, CTS No. 286 Part, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai – 400025;  
(hereinafter referred to as the “ Acquirer 4 ”) 
 
(hereinafter  Acquirer 1, Acquirer 2, Acquirer 3 and Acquirer 4 are together referred to as the “ Acquirers ”, and individually an “ Acquirer ”) 
 
TOGETHER WITH  
Inspira Agro Trading LLC  
A limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the United Arab Emirate s; 
Registered Office:  BT1/L09/1 -16 Burjuman Office Tower, Mankhool Khalid Bin Walid Road, PO Box No. 296360, Dubai UAE;  
Tel: +971 5055 12989 ;  
(hereinafter referred to as the “ PAC ”) 
 
MAKES A CASH OFFER OF INR 70 (INDIAN RUPEES SEVENTY ) (“OFFER PRICE”) PER FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARE OF FACE V ALUE OF 
INR 10 (INDIAN RUPEES TEN) EACH OF THE TARGET COMPANY (“EQUITY SHARES”) ALONG WITH THE APPLICABLE INTEREST (AS 
DEFINED BELOW ) OF INR 0.39 (INDIAN PAISE THIRTY NINE) PER EQUITY SHARE , PAYABLE IN CASH , IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 18(11) AND 18(11A) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF 
SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED (“SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS”)  TO ACQUIRE UP TO 20,80,61,717 (TWENTY 
CRORES EIGHTY LAKHS SIXTY ONE THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTEEN) EQUITY SHARES (“OFFER SHARES”), 
REPRESENTING 26.00% (TWENTY SIX PERCENT) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE CAPITAL (AS DEFINED BELOW) OF THE TARGET 
COMPANY (“OFFER SIZE”),  IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS FROM THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS (“OPEN OFFER” 
OR “OFFER”)                                                                                    
OF 
 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED  
A public limited company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956  
Corporate Identification Number: L55204MH2013FLC249986;  
Registered Office:  2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot No. D -8., Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Maharashtra, India;  
Tel: +91 22 7193 3000;  Email Address : investor@burgerking.in  ; Website: www.burgerking.in ; 
(hereinafter referred to as the “ Target Company ”) 
    
1. This Offer is being made by the Acquirer s and PAC , pursuant to and in compliance with  the provisions of Regulations 3(1), 4  and other applicable regulations  of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
2. The Offer Price is INR 70/ - (Indian Rupees Seventy only) per Equity Share, along with the Applicable Interest of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise Thirty Nine)  per Equity 
Share , payable in cash  in accordan ce with Regulation 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  read with the extension granted by SEBI to file the 
LoF vide its email dated May 11, 2026 (“ SEBI Extension Letter ”). 
3. This Offer is not a conditional offer in terms of Regulation 19 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and is not subject to any mini mum level of acceptance.  
 
 2 4. There is no differential pricing in this Offer.  
5. This Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
6. Other than the Required Statutory Approvals as set out in paragraph 1 of Part D (Statutory and other Appro vals)  of Section VIII (Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer) , as on the date of this Letter of Offer  (“Letter of Offer ”/ “LoF”), as applicable , apart from the Required Statutory Approvals, there are no other statutory 
or regulatory approvals required for the consummation of the Underlying Transaction  (as defined below)  and/or this Open Offer. However, in case any further 
statutory or regulatory approvals become applicable or are required by the Acquirer s and/or the PAC  at a later date before the closing of the Tendering Period (as 
defined below ), this Open Offer would be subject to the receipt of such further approvals. Please refer to Part D (Statutory and other Approvals)  of Section VI II 
(Terms and Conditions of the O ffer) of this LoF for further details and the current status of such statutory and regulatory approval(s).  In relation to the Required 
Statutory Approvals , please note that the Target Company has received the SE In -principle Approval  (as defined below ) from  each of the Stock Exchanges  vide 
their respective letters dated February 27, 2026 and the Acquirers and the PAC have received the CCI Approval on May 20, 2026.  
7. Where any statutory / regulatory approval or exemption extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders  (as defined below) , the Acquirers shall have the 
option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory / regulatory approvals or exemptions are r equired in order to complete this 
Open Offer.  
8. In the event tha t the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders (as defined below) under this Open Offer is more than the number of 
Offer Shares, the Acquirers shall accept those Equity Shares that are validly tendered by the Public Shareholders (as defined below) on a proportionate basis in 
consultation with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum of 20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) 
Equity Shares representing 26.00% (twenty six per ce nt) of the Expanded V oting Share Capital  (as defined below) , taking care to ensure that the basis of acceptance 
is decided in a fair and equitable manner and does not result in non -marketable lots, provided that the acquisition of Equity Shares from a Public Shareholder shall 
not be less than the minimum marketable lot. The minimum marketable lot for the Equity Shares for the purpose of this Offer shall be one Equity Share.  
9. The Acquirers and PAC may withdraw the Open Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in Part D (Statutory and other Approvals)  of Section 
VIII (Terms and Conditions of the Offer)  of this Letter of Offer . In the event of a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirers and PAC (through the Manager to 
the Offer) shall, within 2 (two) Working Days (as defined below)  of such withdrawal,  make a public announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers 
in which the Detailed Public Statement (as defined below)  was published, stating the grounds and reasons for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regula tions and such public announcement will also be sent to SEBI (as defined below) , Stock Exchanges (as defined below)  and the Target 
Company at its registered office.  
10. The Offer Price or the number of Offer Shares may be subject to upward revision, if any, pu rsuant to the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or at the discretion of the 
Acquirers at any time prior to the commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day (as defined below) before the commencement of the Tendering Period (as 
defined below)  in accordance with Regul ation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision , in terms of Regulations 18(5) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations , the Acquirers shall (a) make corresponding increase to the amount kept in the escrow account under Regulation 17 of the  SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, as more particularly set out in Section VII (Offer Price and Financial Arrangements)  of this LoF; (b) make a public announcement in the same 
newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement was published; and (c) simultaneously with the issue of such announcement, notify SEBI, the Stock Exchanges 
and the Target Company at its registered office of su ch revision. Such revised Offer Price along with the Applicable Interest  would be payable for all the Equity 
Shares validly tendered during the Tendering Period (as defined below) of the Open Offer.  
11. There has been no competing offer as of the date of this Letter of Offer  and the last day for making a competing offer has expired .  
12. A copy of the Public Announcement (“ PA”), the Detailed Public Statement (“ DPS ”), the Draft Letter of Offer ( as defined below ) and this Letter of Offer (including 
the Form of Acceptance - cum- Acknowledgement)  will also be available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in . 
 
All future correspondence should be addressed to the Manager to the Offer/Registrar to the Offer at the addresses mentioned below:  
 
MANAGER TO THE OFFER  REGISTRAR TO THE OFFER  
 
 
   
 
 
 
Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited  
Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani  Road, Opposite Parel ST Depot, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025, Maharashtra, India  
Contact Person: Ronak Shah/ Shashank Pisat  
Tel: + 91 22 7193 4380  
Email Address:  rbal.openoffer@motilaloswal.com   
Investo r grievance Email Address:  moiaplredressal@motilaloswal.com   
Website: www.motilaloswalgroup.com   
SEBI Registration Number: INM000011005   
 
    
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited)  
C-101, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 
400 083, Maharashtra, India.  
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 810 811 4949   
Email: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Investor Grievance Id: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com    
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058  
 
  

 
 3 SCHEDULE OF THE MAJOR ACTIVITIES RELATING TO THIS OFFER  
  
The schedule of major activities under the Offer is set out below:  
  
Sr. 
No. Particular/description of Activity  Original Schedule of 
Activities (Day and 
Date) (1) Revised Schedule of 
Activities (Day and 
Date) (2) 
1.  Date of issue of the Public Announcement  Tuesday, January 20, 
2026  Tuesday, January 20, 
2026  
2.  Date of publication of the Detailed Public 
Statement in the Newspapers  Wednesday, January 
28, 2026  Wednesday, January 
28, 2026  
3.  Filing of the Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI  
(“DLoF  Date ”) Wednesday, February 
04, 2026  Wednesday, February 
04, 2026  
4.  Last date for public announcement for 
competing offer(s)(3) Wednesday, February 
18, 2026  Wednesday, February 
18, 2026  
5.  Last date for receipt of SEBI observations on the 
Draft Letter of Offer (in the event SEBI has not 
sought clarifications or additional information 
from the Manager to the Open Offer)  Thursday, February 26, 
2026 Thursday, April 30, 
2026(4) 
6.  Identified Date (5)  Monday, March 02, 
2026  Friday, May 2 2, 2026  
7.  Last date by which the Letter of Offer is to be 
dispatched to the Public Shareholders whose 
names appear on the register of members on the 
Identified Date  Tuesday, March 10, 
2026  Mon day, June 1, 2026  
(6) 
8.  Last date by which the committee of the 
independent directors of the Target Company 
shall give its recommendation to the Public 
Shareholders for this Open Offer  Friday, March 13, 2026  Thurs day, June 4, 2026   
9.  Last date for upward revision of the Offer price/ 
Offer size  Monday, March 16, 
2026  Friday, June 5, 2026  
10.  Date of publication of Open Offer opening 
public announcement, in the newspapers in 
which the DPS has been published  Monday, March 16, 
2026  Friday, June 5, 2026   
11.  Date of commencement of Tendering Period 
(“Offer Opening Date ”). Tuesday, March 17, 
2026  Mon day, June 8, 2026  
12.  Date of expiry of Tendering Period (“ Offer 
Closing Date ”). Thursday, April 02, 
2026  Friday, June 19, 2026  
13.  Last date of communicating the rejection/ 
acceptance and  completion of payment of 
consideration or refund of Equity Shares to the 
Public Shareholders of the Target Company  Monday, April 20, 2026  Mon day, July 6, 2026  
14.  Last date for publication of post -Offer public 
announcement in the newspapers in which the 
DPS has been published  Monday, April 27, 2026  Mon day, July 13, 2026   
Notes:   
(1) The original schedule of activities was indicative (prepared on the basis of timelines provided under the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations) and was subject to receipt of statutory/ regulatory approval s. 
(2) Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may take place on or before the 
respective last dates . 
(3) There has been no competing offer  to this Open Offer.  
(4) The actual date of the SEBI Observation Letter.  
(5) Identified Date is only for the purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to whom the 
Letter of Offer would be sent in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. It is clarified that a ll the 
 
 4 Public Shareholders (even if they acquire Equity Shares and become shareholders of the Target Company 
after the Identified Date) are eligible to participate in this Offer any time during the Tendering Period.   
(6) Please note that the delay in filing the LoF is due to the time required to secure the CCI Approval. SEBI, 
vide the SEBI Extension Letter, has granted an extension to the Acquirers and the P AC to file the  LoF, subject 
to the payment of the Applicable Inter est. Consequently, the last date for the dispatch of the LoF is calculated 
from the date of receipt of th e final Required Statutory Approval, i.e., the CCI Approval, which was granted 
on May 20, 2026.  
 
 
  
  
 
 5 RISK FACTORS  
  
The risk factors set forth below a re limited to this Open Offer, the Underlying Transaction and the 
Acquirers and PAC and are not in relation to the present or future business or operations of the 
Target Company or other related matters . These are neither exhaustive nor intended to constitute 
a complete or comprehensive analysis of all the risks involved in or associated with the 
participation or otherwise by any Public Shareholder s in the Open Offer, or in associating with the 
Acquirers and PAC , but are merely indicative in nature . Public Shareholders are advised to consult 
their respective stockbroker, legal, financial, tax, investment or other advisors and consultants for 
an understanding of the further risks associated with their participatio n in the Open Offer .     
 
For capitalised terms used herein, please refer to the Section I on Definitions/ Abbreviations set out 
below.  
  
A. Risk factor r elating to the Underlying Transaction:  
 
1. The consummation of the Underlying Transaction (as defined below)  is subject to (a) the receipt of 
the Required Statutory Approvals , as applicable,  as set out under paragraph 1 of Part D (Statutory and 
other Approvals ) of Section VI II (Terms and Conditions of the Offer) , which ha ve already been 
received as on the date of this Letter of Offer ; and (b) the satisfaction, or waiver (in accordance with 
the SSA (as defined below)  and the SPA (as defined below) ) of the conditions precedents of the SSA 
and the SPA (as set out in paragraphs 2(a) and 3(a)  of Part A (Background of the Offer)  of Section III 
(Details of the Offer) respectively , as applicable . Further, the Underlying Transaction (as defined 
below)  is subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar transactions.  
 
B. Risk factor relating to the Open Offer:  
 
1. The Open Offer is an open offer under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations to acquire up to 20,80,61,717 
(twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty -one thousand seven hundred and seventeen)  Equity Shares, 
constituting up to 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded V oting Share Capital  (as defined 
below) , from the Public Shareholders  (as defined below) . If the aggregate number of Equity Shares 
validly tendered in the Open Offer by the Public Shareholders, is more than the Offer Size, then the 
Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a proportionate basis, 
in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum of 20,80,61,717 (twenty crores 
eighty lakhs sixty one thousand sev en hundred and seventeen) Equity Shares, representing 26.00% 
(twenty six per cent) of the Expanded V oting Share Capital. Accordingly, there is no assurance that all 
the Equity Shares tendered by the Public Shareholders in the Open Offer will be accepted. T he 
unaccepted Equity Shares will be returned to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the schedule 
of activities for the Open Offer. The minimum marketable lot for tendering shares in the Open Offer 
shall be 1 (one) only.  
 
2. The Open Offer is subject to  (a) the receipt of all applicable statutory approvals including, Required 
Statutory Approvals, as set out under paragraph 1 of Part D (Statutory and other Approvals)  of Section 
VIII (Terms and Conditions of the Offer)   of this Letter of Offer  which ha ve already been received as 
on the date of this Letter of Offer ; and ( b) the satisfaction, or waiver (in accordance with the SSA (as 
defined below)  and the SPA (as defined below) ) of the conditions precedents of the SSA and the SPA 
(as set out in paragraphs 2(a) and 3(a)  of Part A (Background of the Offer)  of Section III (Details of 
the Offer)  respectively ). 
 
3. In the event that either: (a) regulatory or statutory approvals (including Required Statutory Approvals), 
as required, are delayed or not received in time ; or (b) any of the conditions precedent s of the SSA and 
the SPA  (as set out in paragraph s 2(a) and 3(a)  of Part  A (Background to the Offer)  of Section  III 
(Details of the Offer) ) are not satisfied in accordance with the Agreements or if the Agreements are 
terminate d in terms of paragraph s 3(h) and 4(e) of Part A (Background to the Offer)  of Section III 
(Details of the Offer)  below, each for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirers  and/or 
PAC; (c) there is any order of a governmental authority or in a litigation leading to a stay/injunction 
on the Open Offer or that restricts/restrains the Acquirers and/or PAC from performing its obligations 
 
 6 hereunder; or (d) SEBI in structs the Acquirers and PAC not to proceed with the Open Offer, then the 
Open Offer process may be delayed beyond the schedule of activities indicated in this Letter of Offer . 
Consequently, the payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Eq uity Shares have been 
accepted in this Open Offer as well as return of the Equity Shares not accepted by the Acquirers and 
PAC may be delayed. In case the delay is due to non -receipt of statutory approval(s) (including 
Required Statutory Approvals), then i n accordance with Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, SEBI may grant an extension for the purpose of completion of the Open Offer subject to 
such terms and conditions as may be specified by SEBI, including payment of interest in accordance 
with Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  In this regard it may be noted that the last 
of the Required Statutory Approvals was the CCI Approval which was granted on May 20, 2026. SEBI 
on May 11, 2026 granted an extension  to the  Acquirers and di rected the Acquirers to pay interest  in 
accordance with the Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In view of the 
same the Applicable interest has been calculated at  the rate of 10% (ten percent)  per annum for the 
period of delay  aggregating to 20 (twenty)  days from June 16, 2026  (being the last date for payment 
of consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares would have been validly tendered 
and accepted in the Open Offer given SEB I’s final observations on the DLoF were received on April 
30, 2026 ) until July 6, 2026 (being the last date of completion of payment of consideration to the 
Public Shareholders of the Target Company assuming that the payment of consideration happens on 
the last date as prescribed under Regulation 18( 10) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) to the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company whose Equity Shares would be validly tendered and accepted 
under the Open Offer. Accordingly, the Acquirer s shall pay the Appl icable Interest.   
 
4. In the event that the Required Statutory Approvals, or any statutory approvals which become 
applicable prior to completion of the Offer, are not received or are finally refused or are not satisfied 
in accordance with the Agreements for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirers  and 
PAC; or if any of the conditions precedents of the SSA and the SPA (as set out in paragraphs 2(a) and 
3(a) of Part A (Background of the Offer)  of Section III (Details of the Offer) respectively ), are not 
satisfied in accordance with the SSA and the SPA or if the Agreements  are terminated in terms of 
paragraphs 3(h) and 4(e) of Part A (Background to the Offer)  of Section III (Details of the Offer) below , 
each for reasons outside the reasonable contro l of the Acquirers  and PAC ; then the Acquirers and PAC 
may withdraw this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event 
of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirers and PAC (through the Manager to the Offer) 
shall, within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make  an announcement of such withdrawal 
stating the grounds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. Such public announcement for the withdrawal will be made in the same newspapers in 
which the Detailed Public Stat ement has been published and will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, 
SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office.  
 
5. All Public Shareholders (including residents, non -resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies or non -
resident shareholders) must o btain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender Equity Shares 
(including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the 
other documents required to accept this Open Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the 
Acquirers and the PAC reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer. 
Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including non -
resident Indians, foreign institutional i nvestors and foreign portfolio investors) had required any 
approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held 
by them, they will be required to submit copies of such previous approvals, that they would hav e 
obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender Equity Shares, along with the other documents 
required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the 
Acquirers and the PACs reserve the right to reject such Equit y Shares. Public Shareholders classified 
as overseas corporate bodies (“ OCB ”), if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open 
Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999 and the rules an d regulations made thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI independently 
to seek approval to tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are 
held under general permission of the RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholde r should state that the 
Equity Shares are held under general permission and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on a 
repatriable basis or a non -repatriable basis.  
 
 
 7 6. Public Shareholders who tender the Equity Shares in acceptance of the Open Offer shall not be entitled 
to withdraw such acceptances during the Tendering Period, even if the acceptance of the Equity Shares 
in this Open Offer and/or payment of consideration is delayed. A lien shall be marked against the 
Equity Shares tendered in the Open Offer by the Public Shareholders until the completion of the 
formalities of this Open Offer and the Public Shareholders will not be able to trade in such Equity 
Shares which have been tendered in the Open Offer. During such period, there may be fluctuations in 
the market price of the Equity Shares  which may expose such Public Shareholders to market volatility . 
Neither the Acquirers nor the PAC nor the Manager to the Offer make s any assurance with respect to 
the market price of the Equity Shares, both during the period that the Open Offer is open and upon the 
completion of the Offer, and each of them disclaims any responsibility with respect to any decision by 
any Public Shareho lder on whether or not to participate in the Open Offer. It is understood that the 
Public Shareholders will be solely responsible for their decisions regarding their participation in this 
Open Offer.  
 
7. The information contained in this Letter of Offer is as of date of this Letter of Offer  unless expressly 
stated otherwise. The Acquirers , the PAC  and the Manager to the Offer are under no obligation to 
update the information contained herein at any time after the date of this Letter of Offer . The Acquirer s, 
the PAC  and the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in 
the PA, the DPS, the Draft Letter of Offer and this Letter of Offer , or in the advertisement or any 
materials issued by or at the instance of the Acquirers  and PAC , excluding such information pertaining 
to the Target Company, which has been obtained from publicly available sources or pro vided or 
confirmed by the Target Company. Any person placing reliance on any other source of information 
will be doing so at h is/her/its own risk. Information relating to the Target Company has not been 
independently verified by the Acquirers , the PAC  or the Manager to the Offer.  
 
8. This Letter of Offer  has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. 
Recipients of this Letter of Offer  resident in jurisdictions outside India should inform themselves of 
and observe any applicable legal requirements. This Open Offer is not directed towards any person or 
entity in any jurisdiction or country where the same would be contrary to the applicable laws or 
regulations or would subject the Acquirers , the PAC  or the Manager to the Offer to any new or 
additional registration requirements. This LoF does not in any way constitute an offer to purchase or 
an invitation to  sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. This is not an offer for sale, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy in, any foreign ju risdictions covered under the 'General Disclaimer' 
clause in Section II (Disclaimers) of this LoF and cannot be accepted by any means or instrumentality 
from within any such foreign jurisdictions.  
 
9. The Public Shareholders ( as defined below ) whose Equity Sh ares have been validly tendered and 
accepted may be subject to capital gains tax and securities transaction tax applicable to the Equity 
Shares accepted in this Offer. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective tax 
advisors for assessi ng the tax liability pursuant to this Open Offer, whether in or outside of India and 
in respect of other aspects such as the treatment that may be given by their respective assessing officers 
in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they sh ould take. The Acquirers , the PAC  and 
the Manager to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax 
provisions set forth in this LoF, and all shareholders should independently consult their respective tax 
advisors.  
 
10. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective stockbroker, legal, financial, tax, 
investment or other advisors and consultants of their choosing, if any, for assessing further risks with 
respect to their participation in the Open Offer, a nd related transfer of Equity Shares to the Acquirers.  
 
11. Persons in possession of the LoF are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions in their 
respective jurisdictions. Any Public Shareholder who tenders his, her, or its Equity Shares in  this Open 
Offer shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted, and agreed that he, she, or it is 
authorised under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, regulations, and statutes to 
participate in this Open Offer.  
 
12. This Open Offer is subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar transactions.  
 
 8  
C. Risk factors r elating to the Acquirer s & PAC : 
  
1. The Acquirers , the PAC  and the Manager to the Offer make no assurances with respect to the 
continuation of the financial performance or continuance of past trends in the financial performance 
or the future performance of the Target Company. The Acquirers  and PAC  make no assuran ce with 
respect to their investment / divestment decisions relating to their proposed shareholding in the Target 
Company.  The Public Shareholders should not be guided by the past performance of the Target 
Company and/or the Acquirers and / or the PAC while  arriving at their decision to participate in the 
Open Offer.  
 
2. The Acquirers , the PAC  and the Manager to the Offer make no assurances with respect to the market 
price of the Equity Shares before, during or after the Open Offer. Each of the respective Acqui rers 
(including any persons deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirers),  the PAC  and the Manager 
to the Offer expressly disclaim any responsibility or obligation of any kind (except as required under 
applicable law) with respect to any decision by a ny Public Shareholder on whether to participate or 
not to participate in this Open Offer.  
 
3. As per Regulation 38 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations (as defined below)  read with Rules 19(2) and 19A 
of the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations (defined below) , the Target Company i s required to maintain at least 
25.00% (twenty five per  cent) public shareholding as determined in accordance with SEBI (SCRR) 
Regulations, on a continuous basis for listing. Any failure to comply with the conditions of the SEBI 
(SCRR) Regulations and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, could have an adverse effect on the price and 
tradability of the Equity Shares. If, as a result of the acquisition of Equity Shares in this Offer, the 
public shareholding in the Target Company falls below the minimum level required  as per Rule 19A 
of the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations, the Acquirers and PAC will ensure that the Target Company satisfies 
the minimum public shareholding set out in Rule 19A of the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations within the 
time permitted under, and in accordance with,  applicable laws.  
  
4. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the PA or DPS or DLoF or  LoF any 
other advertisement/ publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been compiled from 
information published or pro vided by the Targ et Company, as the case may be, or publicly available 
sources. The Acquirers and PAC do not accept any responsibility with respect to any misstatement by 
the Target Company in relation to such information.  
 
5. The Acquirers, the PAC, the Manager and the Regi strar to the Offer do not accept any responsibility 
for any loss of documents during transit (including but not limited to Form of Acceptance, delivery 
instruction slips, original share certificates, share transfer forms, etc.), and Public Shareholders are  
advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard.  
 
  
D. DISCLAIMER FOR U.S. PERSONS:  
  
The Open Offer is being made for securities of an Indian company and the Public Shareholders of the 
Target Company in the U.S should be aware that this Letter of Offer  and any other documents relating 
to the Open Offer have been or will be prepared in acco rdance with Indian procedural and disclosure 
requirements, including requirements regarding the offer timetable and timing of payments, all of 
which differ from those in the U.S. Any financial information included in this Letter of Offer  or in any 
other do cuments relating to the Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non -U.S. 
accounting standards that may not be comparable to financial statements of companies in the U.S or 
other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accor dance with the U.S generally 
accepted accounting principles.  
 
E. DISCLAIMER FOR PERSONS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES:   
 
This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any securities 
in any jurisdiction in which s uch offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
 
 9 unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Readers/ Potential users of the information contained in 
this Letter of Offer  are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any s uch restrictions.  
 
The Open Offer described in this LoF is not being made to, nor will tender of shares be accepted from 
or on behalf of Public Shareholders in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not in 
compliance with applicable law or t o any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. Readers /Potential users  of the information contained in this LoF are requested to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
 
F. CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION  
 
In this LoF, all references to “ Rs.” / “INR” are to Indian Rupee(s), the official currency of India. In 
this LoF, any discrepancy in any table between the total and sums of the amount listed are due to 
rounding off and/or regrouping.   
 
 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
  
I. DEFINITIONS / ABBREVIATIONS  ................................ ................................ ........................  11 
II. DISCLAIMERS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  18 
III. DETAILS  OF THIS OFFER  ................................ ................................ ................................ . 20 
IV . BACKGROUND OF ACQUIRERS AND PAC  ................................ ................................ ... 30 
V. DETAILS OF THE SELLERS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 42 
VI. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY  ................................ ..............................  43 
VII. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  ................................ ...................  48 
VIII.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  ................................ ................................ . 52 
IX. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER  ...............  57 
X. TAX PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  64 
XI. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION ................................ ................................ .....................  72 
XII. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRERS AND PAC  ................................ .........................  74 
XIII.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  75 
 
 
   
  
 
 11 I. DEFINITIONS / ABBREVIATIONS  
  
Particulars  Details/Definition   
Acquirer  1 Lenexis Foodworks  Private Limited, a private limited company incorporated in 
India under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, bearing CIN 
‘U55100MH2007PTC175287 ’ and PAN ‘AABCL4000H ’ (allotted under the IT 
Act), and having its registered office at Level 6, Gala Impec ca, Next to Courtyard 
Marriott, CTS -29/1, Chakala, A.K. Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai City, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India, 400 059.  
Acquirer 2  Aayush Agrawal Trust, a private trust governed under the provisions of the Indian 
Trusts Act, 1882, bearing PAN ‘AAF TA7564A ’ (allotted under the IT Act ), and 
having its registered office at Level 6, Gala Impecca, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. 
Nagar, Next to Courtyard Marriott Hotel, Mumbai, 400059 - Maharashtra, India 
and represented by its sole trustee Mr. Aayush Madhusudan  Agrawal, an Indian 
inhabitant, residing at Flat No. 3204, Tower -B Three Sixty West, CTS No. 286 Part, 
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai Pin 400025, Maharashtra, India, having 
PAN ‘AJNPA5555E ’ (allotted under the IT Act)  and the sole Trustee of Acquirer  2. 
Acquirer 3  Inspira Foodworks Private Limited (formerly Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited) , a 
private limited company incorporated in India under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, bearing CIN ‘U68200MH2024PTC432028 ’ and PAN 
‘AAHCI8458G ’ (allott ed under the IT Act ), and having its registered office at 3/B, 
Hind Saurashtra Ind. Chs . Ltd., Nr Bajrang Petrol Pump, Marol Naka, Andheri 
(East), Marol Bazar, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 400059.  
Acquirer 4  Mr. Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal, an Indian inhabita nt residing at Flat No. 3204, 
Tower -B Three Sixty West, CTS No. 286 Part, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, 
Mumbai Pin 400025 and having PAN ‘AJNPA5555E ’ (allotted under the IT Act) . 
Acquirers  Acquirer 1, Acquirer 2, Acquirer 3 and Acquirer 4 collectively , and the term 
“Acquirer ” shall mean any of them individually.  
Acquisition Window  Separate window made available by the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of 
implementation of the Open Offer through stock exchange mechanism as pro vided 
under the Master Circular . 
Agreements   Collectively, the  SPA and the SSA . 
Applicable Interest  Interest of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise  Thirty Nine ) per Equity Share calculated at the 
rate of 10% (ten percent)  per annum payable to those Public Shareholders of the 
Target Company whose Equity Shares are validly tendered and accepted under the 
Open Offer.  
 
The interest is being paid as directed by SEBI as per their email communication 
dated May 11, 2026  in terms of Regulation 18(11) and Regulation 18(11A) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, on account of the delay in making payment of the Offer 
Price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy ) per Equity Share for the 20 (twenty)  day 
period calculated from June 16, 202 6 (being the last date for payment of 
consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares would have been 
validly tendered and accepted in the Open Offer given SEBI’s observations on the 
DLoF were received on April 30 , 202 6) until July 6, 2026 (bein g the last  date of 
completion of payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company assuming the payment of consideration happens on the  last date as 
prescribed under Regulation 18( 10) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations).  
Bank Guarantee  An unconditional and irrevocable bank guarantee dated January 20, 2026 from RBL 
Bank Limited  furnished by Acquirer 2 , for an amount of INR 220,65,00,000/ - 
(Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty Crores and Sixty Five Lakhs)  and as 
amended on May 19 , 2026 to an increased amount of INR 221,65,00,000/ - (Indian 
Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty One Crores and Sixty Five Lakhs) , in favour of 
the Manager to the Open Offer, which is in excess of the requirements specified 
under Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST)  Regulations .   
 
 12 Board  Board of directors of the Target Company.  
BK Indonesia  PT Sari Burger Indonesia, a company incorporated under the laws of Republic of 
Indonesia having corporate identification number NIB 8120106852598 and having 
the principal plac e of business at Sahid Sudirman Center, 23rd Floor Jl. Jend. 
Sudirman Kav. 86, Jakarta 10220, Indonesia, being a subsidiary of the Target 
Company.  
BSE  BSE Limited  
Cash Escrow Amount  The sum of INR 14,75,00,000  (Indian Rupees Fourteen Crores and Seventy Five 
Lakhs ) cash deposit being made by the Acquirers in the Escrow Account, which is 
in excess of 1 .00% (one per cent) of the Maximum Open Offer Consideration in 
accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
CCI Competition Commission of India  
CCI Approval  CCI having, in respect of the Proposed Transaction (as defined below) , either: (a) 
declined jurisdiction; or (b) issued or deemed to have issued its approval under the 
Competition Act, 2002, pursuant to an appl ication to be made in this regard by the 
Acquirers and PAC.  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CIN  Corporate identification number issued under the Companies Act, 1956/ Companies 
Act, 2013, and the rules made thereunder . 
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited and/or the NSE Clearing Limited . 
Consent Agreement  The consent agreement dated January 20, 2026, executed between the Sellers ( as 
defined below ), Target Company, BK AsiaPac Pte. Ltd., PLK APAC Pte.  Ltd. and 
BK APAC IP GmbH wherein each of BK APAC IP GmbH, BK AsiaPac Pte. Ltd. 
and PLK APAC Pte. Ltd., have granted consent to the Target Company and the 
Sellers to inter -alia undertake the Proposed Transaction.  
Depositories  CDSL and NSDL . 
DIN Director identification number issued and allotted under the Companies Act 1956/ 
Companies Act, 2013, as applicable and the rules made thereunder.  
DLoF / Draft Letter of 
Offer  The Draft Letter of Offer dated  February 04, 2026 , filed with the SEBI pursuant to 
Regulation 16(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
DP  Depository Participant  
DPS / Detailed  Public  
Statement  Detailed public statement dated  January 27, 2026 , published on January 28, 2026, 
on behalf of the Acquirers  and PAC  in the Newspapers . 
DTAA  Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements  
ECS  Electronic Clearing Service  
EGM Notice  The notice  to convene an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the 
Target Company for seeking approval for the Preferential Issue (as defined below) 
and the adoption of the Restated Articles (as defined below)  as required under 
applicable Law. 
Equity  Share(s)  The fully paid -up equity shares of the Target Company of face value of INR 10 
(Indian Rupees Ten) each . 
Escrow Account  The escrow account under the name and title “ AAYUSH AGRAWAL TRUST - 
OPEN OFFER ESCROW AC ” opened with the Escrow Banker  in accordance with 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
Escrow Agreement  The escrow agreement dated January 20, 2026, entered amongst and between 
Acquirers, Escrow Banker, and the Manager to the Open Offer.  
Escro w Agent/  Escrow 
Banker  RBL Bank  
ESOP Plan (s) BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 and RBAL Employee Stock Option 
Scheme 2024 . 
ESOPs  Employee stock options of the Target Company issued under the ESOP Plan(s)  
Expanded V oting Share 
Capital  The total voting equity share capital of the Target Company on a Fully Diluted Basis 
(as defined below)  (which in relation to the ESOPs shall include the ESOPs as of 
February 04, 2026 which are vested/ to be vested  until January 31, 2027 i.e. 
 
 13 31,33,925 (th irty one lakh thirty three thousand nine hundred and twenty five)  
Equity Shares expected as of the 10th (tenth) Working Day (as defined below)  from 
the closure of the Tendering Period (as defined below)  of the Open Offer (which 
may change on account of any  future corporate actions and vesting or exercise of 
ESOPs) and includes 12,85,71,428 (twelve crores eighty five lakhs seventy one 
thousand four hundred and twenty eight) Subscription Shares and 8,57,14,285 (eight 
crores fifty seven lakhs fourteen thousand  two hundred and eighty five) Subscription 
Warrants (on as is converted or exchanged basis) to be allotted by the Target 
Company to the relevant Acquirer in terms of the SSA, subject to the approval of 
the shareholders of the Target Company which has been received on February 13, 
2026 and other statutory/ regulatory approvals (including Required Statutory 
Approvals), and other terms and conditions as set out in the SSA.  In relation to the 
Required Statutory Approvals, please note that the Target Company has  received the 
SE In -principle Approval from each of the Stock Exchanges vide their respective 
letters dated February 27, 2026  and the Acquirers and PAC have received CCI 
Approval vide intimation dated May 20, 2026 .  
FATCA  Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
FEMA  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended from time to time  
FI  Financial Institutions  
FII(s)  Foreign Institutional Investor as defined under FEMA  
FIPB  Foreign Investment Promotion Board  
Form of Acceptance  Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  
FPI(s)  Foreign Portfolio Investor as defined under FEMA  
Franchise Agreements  The meaning as ascribed to such term in the SSA or the SPA (as applicable) . 
Fully Diluted Basis  On the relevant date, that the relevant calculation should be made in relation to the 
share capital of the Target Company assuming that all outstanding convertible 
preference shares or debentures, options, employee stock o ptions (if any issued by, 
or held directly in, the Target Company), warrants, notes and other equity -linked 
securities which are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Equity 
Shares (whether or not by their terms then currently convertible, ex ercisable or 
exchangeable), including stock options and any outstanding commitments to issue 
Equity Shares at a future date, have been so converted, exercised or exchanged to 
the maximum number of Equity Shares possible under the terms thereof.  
Identified Date  The date falling on the 10th (tenth) Working Day prior to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period for the Offer, for the purposes of determining the Public 
Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer shall be sent.  
IFSC  Indian Financial System Code  
IPV  In person verification  
ISIN  International Securities Identification Number  
IT Act  Income -Tax Act, 2025 (as amended by the Finance Act, 2026) . 
LTCG  Long Term Capital Gains  
Manager / Manager to 
the Offer  Motilal Oswal  Investment Advisors Limited  
Master Circular  Master Circular for SEBI (SAST) Regulations bearing reference no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 dated February 16, 2023 . 
Maximum Open Offer 
Consideration  INR 1464,54,64,260 (Indian Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Sixty Four  
Crores Fifty Four Lakhs Sixty Four  Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty ), being the 
aggregate of (a) INR 1456,43,20,190 (Indian Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred 
and Fifty Six Crores Forty Three Lakhs Twent y Thousand One Hundred and 
Ninety)  and ( b) INR 8,11,44,070 (Indian Rupees Eight Crores Eleven  Lakhs Forty 
Four  Thousand and Seventy ) in interest as per Applicable Interest being the 
maximum  consideration payable under this  Offer, assuming full acceptance of the 
Offer . 
NEFT  National Electronic Funds Transfer  
 
 14 Negotiated Price  A price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Sale Share (as defined below) , 
aggregating to a purchase consideration of INR 459,36,16,370 (Indian Rupe es Four 
Hundred and Fifty Nine Crores Thirty Six Lakhs Sixteen Thousand Three Hundred 
and Seventy) for the sale of 6,56,23,091 (six crores fifty six lakhs twenty three 
thousand and ninety one) Sale Shares representing 8.20% of the Expanded V oting 
Share Cap ital of the Target Company, by the Sellers to the Acquirers and PAC,  
collectively,  pursuant to the execution of the SPA.  
Newspapers  The newspapers wherein the DPS was published on behalf of the Acquirer s and 
PAC as more specifically detailed below in Paragraph 3 of Part B (Details of the 
Open Offer)  of Section III (Details of the Offer) . 
NRIs  Non - Resident Indians  
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
OCBs  Overseas Corporate Bodies  
Offer / Open Offer  Open offer being made by the Acquirers  and PAC  for acquisition of up to 
20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and 
seventeen) Offer Shares representing 26.00% o f the Expanded V oting Share Capital 
of the Target Company, at an offer price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per 
Offer Share  along with the Applicable Interest of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise Thirty 
Nine)  per Offer Share , to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, payable 
in cash, assuming full acceptance aggregating to a Maximum Open Offer 
Consideration . 
Offer Closing Date  Friday, June 19, 2026  
Offer Documents  PA, the DPS, the Draft Letter of Offer, th is Letter of Offer and such other documents 
as are required to be issued/filed under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations with SEBI or 
publicly disclosed by the Acquirers and PAC pursuant to or in connection with the 
Open Offer and any correspondence with, or communica tion with SEBI by the 
Acquirers and PAC and/or the Manager to the Open Offer, pursuant to or in relation 
to the Open Offer.  
Offer Opening Date  Monday, June 8, 2026   
Offer Period  The period between the date of the PA and the date on which the payment of 
consideration to Public Shareholders who have accepted the Open Offer is made or 
the date on which the Open Offer is withdrawn, as the case may be.  
Offer Price  A price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Offer Share, payable in cash to the 
Public Shareholders who validly tender their Equity Shares in the Offer .  
Offer Shares / Offer 
Size Up to 20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty -one thousand seven hundred 
and seve nteen) Offer Shares, representing 26.00% ( twenty six per  cent) of the 
Expanded V oting Share Capital of the Target Company.  
PAC Inspira Agro  Trading LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws 
of the United Arab Emirates and having its registered office at BT1/L09/1 -16 
Burjuman Office Tower Mankhool Khalid Bin Walid Road PO Box no. 296360 
Dubai UAE.  
PAN   Permanent Account Nu mber allotted under the IT Act .  
PLK Indonesia  PT Sari Chicken Indonesia, a company organised and existing under the laws of 
Republic of Indonesia bearing corporate identification number NIB 0704220030689 
and having the principal place of business of Sahid Sudirman Center, 23rd floor, Jl. 
Jend. Sudirma n Kav. 86 Jakarta, Indonesia 10220, being the subsidiary of BK 
Indonesia.  
Preferential Issue of 
Subscription Shares  The preferential issue of the Subscription Shares to the Acquirers, for cash, as 
approved by the Board at their meeting held on January 20,  2026, and by the 
shareholders of the Target Company in the extraordinary general meeting of the 
Target Company  held o n February 13, 2026, subject to the receipt of the  Required 
Statutory Approvals and other regulatory approvals (as applicable), in accord ance 
with the terms of the SSA.  
 
 15 Preferential Issue of 
Subscription Warrants  The preferential issue of the Subscription Warrants to Acquirer 1, for cash, as 
approved by the Board at their meeting held on January 20, 2026, and by the 
shareholders of the Tar get Company in the extraordinary general meeting of the 
Target Company held on February 13, 2026,  subject to the receipt of the Required 
Statutory Approvals and other regulatory approvals (as applicable), in accordance 
with the terms of the SSA. Each Subsc ription Warrant is convertible into equal 
number of Equity Shares.  
Preferential Issue  Collectively, the Preferential Issue of Subscription Shares and Preferential Issue of 
Subscription Warrants.  
Proposed Transaction  Collectively, the Open Offer and the Underlying Transactions.  
Public Announcement / 
PA  The public announcement in connection with the Offer dated January 20, 2026, 
issued in accordance and compliance with the provisions of Regulations 3(1), and 
Regulation 4 read with Regulations 13(1), 14 and 15(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
Public Shareholders  All the public shareholders of the Target Company who are eligible to tender their 
Equity Shares in the Open Offer, excluding the Acquirers, PAC, Sellers and persons 
deemed to be acting in concert with such parties.  
QSR  Quick service restaurants  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
Registered Office  The registered office of the Target Company located at 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, 
Plot No. D -8, Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400093, Maharashtra, 
India.  
Registrar / Registrar to 
the Offer  MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
Required Statutory 
Approval(s)  Collectively, means: (a) CCI Approval; and (b) SE In -principle  Approval, required 
for the consummation of the  relevant  Underlying Transactions , as applicable . 
Restated Articles  The amended and restated Articles of Association of the Target Company, to include 
amendments with respect to: (i) inclusion of certain spec ial rights of the Acquirers 
and PAC; and (ii) deletion of all special rights of the Sellers, in each case effective 
upon SPA Closing, as approved by the shareholders of the Target Company  in the 
extraordinary general meeting of the Target Company held on F ebruary 13, 2026 . 
RTGS  Real Time Gross Settlement  
Sale Shares  6,56,23,091 (six crores fifty six lakhs twenty three thousand and ninety one) Equity 
Shares representing 8.20% of the Expanded V oting Share Capital of the Target 
Company collectively held by  the Sellers, proposed to be collectively acquired by 
the Acquirers and PAC from the Sellers, in accordance with the terms of the SPA.  
SCRR  Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957, and subsequent amendment thereto.  
SE In -principle 
Approval  The in-principle approval issued by the Stock Exchanges, for the issuance and 
allotment of the Subscription Securities (as defined below) by the Target Company 
to the Acquirers on the terms set out in the SSA.   
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Act  Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended from time to time  
SEBI (Delisting) 
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 
2021 and subsequent amendment s thereto.  
SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and subsequent amendments thereto.  
SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Di sclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and subsequent amendments thereto.  
SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and subsequent amendments thereto.  
Sellers  Collectively, t he existing promoter and member of the promoter group of the Target 
Company, namely the Se lling Promoter Shareholder 1 (as defined below)  and the 
Selling Promoter Shareholder 2 (as defined below) , respectively, who have entered 
into the SPA with the Acquirers and PAC.  
 
 16 Selling Promoter 
Shareholder 1  QSR Asia Pte.  Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore and 
having its registered office at 163 Penang Road, #06 -02, Winsland House II, 
Singapore, 238463.  
Selling Promoter 
Shareholder 2  F&B Asia Ventures (Singapore) Pte.  Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws 
of Singapore and having its registered office at 163 Penang Road, Winsland House 
II #06 -02, Singapore 238463.  
SPA The share purchase agreement dated January 20, 2026, executed between the 
Acquirers, PAC and the  Sellers for the sale of Sale Shares by the Sellers to the 
Acquirers and PAC, collectively.  
SPA Closing  The consummation of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares in accordance with 
the terms of the SPA and completion of all actions set out therein.  
SSA The securities subscription agreement dated January 20, 2026 executed between the 
Acquirers and the Tar get Company, for issuance of the Subscription Securities by 
the Target Company to the relevant Acquirers.  
Stock Exchanges  Collectively, (a) BSE; and (b) NSE  
Subscription Closing  The issuance and allotment of the relevant Subscription Securities to the Acquirers 
(on the Subscription Closing Date ( as defined below ) in accordance with the terms 
of the SSA), and consummation of all the relevant actions for the purposes of such 
issuance and allotment of the Subscription Securities, in accordance with the ter ms 
of the SSA.  
Subscription Closing 
Date  The date on which Subscription Closing will occur at the Registered Office within 
least 15 (fifteen) days from the date of receipt of CCI Approval or the SE In -principle 
Approval, whichever is later, or on such oth er date as may be mutually agreed to 
between the Acquirers and the Target Company.  
Subscription Securities  Collectively, means the Subscription Shares and/or Subscription Warrants  
Subscription Shares  An aggregate of: (i) 12,85,71,128 (twelve crores eighty five lakhs seventy one 
thousand one hundred and twenty eight) Equity Shares representing 16.07% of the 
Expanded V oting Share Capital, to be issued and allotted by the Target Company to 
Acquirer 1; (ii) 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares representing, n egligible percentage 
of the Expanded V oting Share Capital, to be issued and allotted by the Target 
Company to Acquirer 2; (iii) 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares, representing 
negligible percentage of the Expanded V oting Share Capital, to be issued and 
allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer 3; and (iv) 100 (one hundred) Equity 
Shares, representing negligible percentage of the Expanded V oting Share Capital, to 
be issued and allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer 4, each at a price of INR 
70 (Indian Rup ees Seventy) per Equity Share in aggregate representing 16.07%  of 
the Expanded V oting Share Capital for an aggregate consideration of INR 
899,99,99,960 (Indian Rupees Eight Hundred and Ninety Nine Crores Ninety Nine 
Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Sixty), payable in cash, in 
accordance with the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the terms of the 
SSA, and the term ‘ Subscription Share ’ shall be construed accordingly.  
Subscription Warrants  8,57,14,285 (eight crores fifty seven lakh fourteen  thousand two hundred and eighty 
five) warrants (on a Fully Diluted Basis representing 10.71% of the Expanded 
V oting Share Capital), to be issued and allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer 
1, each carrying the right to subscribe to 1 (one) Equity Share  at a price of INR 70 
(Indian Rupees Seventy) per Subscription Warrant, for an aggregate consideration 
of INR 599,99,99,950 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred and Ninety Nine Crores Ninety 
Nine Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty), payable in accord ance 
with the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the terms of the SSA, and the 
term ‘ Subscription Warrant ’ shall be construed accordingly.  
Subsidiaries  Collectively, BK Indonesia and PLK Indonesia  
Target  Company / 
RBAL  M/s Restaurant Brands Asia Limited, a public limited company incorporated under 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, bearing corporate identity number 
‘L55204MH2013FLC249986’, with its registered office located at 2nd Floor, ABR 
 
 17 Emerald, Plot No. D -8., Street No. 16, MIDC, And heri (East), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 400093.  
Tendering Period  Period commencing from Monday, June 8, 2026  and closing on Friday, June 19, 
2026  (both days inclusive) . 
TRS  Transaction Registration Slip  
Underlying Transaction  Has been defined in Paragraph 1 of Part A (Background to the Offer)  of Section III 
(Details of the Offer) . 
U.S. United States of America  
Working Day  Working days of SEBI as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zf) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations . 
 
Note: All capitalized terms used in this LoF and not specifically defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed 
to them in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
  
 
 18 II. DISCLAIMERS   
 
IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT FILING OF THE  DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER  WITH SEBI SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE 
SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED, VETTED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. THE DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER  HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITED  PURPOSE OF OVERSEEING 
WHETHER THE DISCLOSURES  CONTAINED THEREIN ARE GENERALLY ADEQUATE 
AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS . THIS 
REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF RESTAURANT 
BRANDS ASIA LIMITED TO TAKE AN INFORMED DECISION WITH REGARD TO THE 
OPEN  OFFER. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR THE 
FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE ACQUIRER S, THE PAC  OR THE TARGET COMPANY 
WHOSE SHARES / CONTROL IS PROPOSED TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE 
CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THIS 
LETTER OF OFFER . IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE 
ACQUIRER S AND PAC ARE  PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, 
ADEQUACY A ND DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEV ANT INFORMATION IN THIS LETTER OF 
OFFER , THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER IS EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE  DILIGENCE 
TO ENSURE THAT THE ACQUIRER S AND PAC  DULY DISCHARGE THEIR 
RESPONSIBILITIES  ADEQUATELY. IN THIS BEHALF, AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOS E, 
THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER, MOTILAL OSWAL INVESTMENT ADVISORS LIMITED , 
HAS SUBMITTED A DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED FEBRUARY 04, 2026 TO SEBI 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS  AND THE  SUBSEQUENT 
AMENDMENTS THEREOF . THE FILING OF THIS LETTE R OF OFFER  DOES NOT, 
HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER S AND PAC  FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF 
OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE 
PURPOSE OF THE OFFER.  
 
A. GENERAL   
 
THIS LETTER OF OFFER  TOGETHER WITH THE PA AND THE DPS  IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OPEN OFFER, HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR THE PURPOSES OF COMPLIANCE 
WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF INDIA, INCLUDING THE SEBI ACT 
AND THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS, AND HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR 
APPROVED UNDER ANY LAWS OR REGULATION S OF ANY COUNTRY OUTSIDE OF 
INDIA. THE DISCLOSURES IN THIS LETTER OF OFFER  AND THE OFFER PARTICULARS 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE OFFER PRICE, OFFER SIZE AND PROCEDURES 
FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER IS GOVERNED BY SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS, AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS OF 
INDIA, THE PROVISIONS OF WHICH MAY BE DIFFERENT FROM THOSE OF ANY 
JURISDICTION OTHER THAN INDIA. ACCORDINGLY, THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED 
MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HA VE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS 
DOCUMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION OUTSIDE OF INDIA. THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED IN THIS LETTER OF OFFER  IS AS OF THE DATE OF THIS LETTER OF 
OFFER . THE ACQUIRER S, THE PAC  AND  THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER AR E UNDER 
NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AT ANY TIME 
AFTER THE DATE OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER . 
 
NO ACTION HAS BEEN OR WILL BE TAKEN TO PERMIT THIS OFFER IN ANY 
JURISDICTION OTHER THAN INDIA WHERE ACTION WOULD BE REQUIRED FOR 
THAT  PURP OSE. THE LETTER OF OFFER SHALL BE DISPATCHED TO ALL PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING THE EQUITY SHARES WHOSE NAMES APPEAR IN THE IN 
THE RECORDS OF DEPOSITORIES , AT THEIR STATED ADDRESS, AS OF THE 
IDENTIFIED DATE. HOWEVER, RECEIPT OF THE LETTER OF OFFER BY ANY P UBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER IN A JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE THIS 
OFFER, OR WHERE MAKING THIS OFFER WOULD REQUIRE ANY ACTION TO BE 
TAKEN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO, REGISTRATION OF THE LETTER OF 
 
 19 OFFER UNDER ANY LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS OF S UCH JURISDICTION), SHALL NOT 
BE TREATED BY SUCH PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER AS AN OFFER BEING MADE TO THEM 
AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED BY THEM AS BEING SENT FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES 
ONLY.  ACCORDINGLY, NO SUCH PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER MAY TENDER HIS, HER OR 
ITS EQUITY SHARES I N THIS OFFER IN SUCH JURISDICTION.  
 
PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF THE PA, THE DPS, THIS LETTER OF OFFER  AND/OR ANY 
OTHER ADVERTISEMENT/PUBLICATION MADE OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OPEN OFFER  ARE REQUIRED TO INFORM THEMSELVES OF ANY 
RELEVANT RESTRICTIONS  IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. ANY PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER WHO TENDERS HIS, HER OR ITS EQUITY SHARES IN THIS OFFER 
SHALL BE DEEMED TO HA VE DECLARED, REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED 
THAT HE, SHE OR IT IS AUTHORISED UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE 
LOCAL LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS AND STATUTES TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS OPEN 
OFFER.  
 
    
 
 20 III. DETAILS OF THIS OFFER  
  
A. Background of the Offer  
  
1. This Offer is being made by the Acquirers and the PAC, to the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company with an intention to acquire control over the Target Company and to become 'promoters' of 
the Target Company pursuant to and in accordance with the term s of the SSA, SPA, and Regulation 
31A of SEBI (LODR) Regulations , and in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, pursuant to:  
 
a. the execution of the SSA and as approved by the Board on January 20, 2026, wherein it is 
agreed t hat the Target Company shall, by way of preferential issue on a private placement 
basis, issue to the Acquirers, subject to approval of the shareholders and other statutory/ 
regulatory approvals (including the Required Statutory Approvals), if any, and other terms 
and conditions as set out in the SSA:  
 
i. 12,85,71,128 (twelve crores eighty five lakhs seventy one thousand one hundred and 
twenty eight) Equity Shares to Acquirer 1, 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares to 
Acquirer 2, 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares to Acquirer 3, and 100 (one hundred) 
Equity Shares to Acquirer 4 (together , the “Subscription Shares ”) at a price of INR 
70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Equity Share , aggregating to INR  899,99,99,960 
(Indian Rupees Eight Hundred and Ninety -Nine Crores Ninet y Nine Lakhs Ninety 
Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Sixty ; and  
 
ii. 8,57,14,285 (eight crores fifty seven lakhs fourteen thousand two hundred eighty 
five) warrants to Acquirer 1 (“ Subscription Warrants ”), each carrying a right to 
subscribe to 1 (one) Equity Sha re at an exercise price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees 
Seventy) (“ Subscription Warrants Price ”) per warrant , aggregating t o INR 
599,99,99,950  (Indian Rupees Five Hundred and Ninety Nine Crores Ninety Nine 
Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty) , which  may be exercised in 
one or more tranches during the period commencing from date of allotment of 
Subscription Warrants until the expiry of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of Subscription Warrants. Additionally, the Acquirers shall comply wi th 
the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations at the time of conversion of the 
Subscription W arrants .  
 
Subscription Shares and Subscription Warrants are collectively referred to as 
“Subscription Securities ”. 
 
The terms and conditions of the Preferentia l Issue and other rights to be granted to the 
Acquirers are as set out in the SSA. The Subscription Securities shall be allotted within the 
timelines prescribed under Regulation 170 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, subject to, inter 
alia, the approval of the sh areholders of the Target Company and other statutory/ regulatory 
approvals (including Required Statutory Approvals), on terms set out in the SSA.  
 
b. the execution of the SPA*, pursuant to which Acquirer 1 has agreed to acquire 6,56,22,691 
(six crores fifty s ix lakhs twenty two thousand six hundred and ninety one) Equity Shares, 
Acquirer 2 has agreed to acquire 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares, Acquirer 3 has agreed to 
acquire 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares, Acquirer 4 has agreed to acquire 100 (one hundred) 
Equity Shares and the PAC has agreed to acquire 100 (one hundred) Equity Shares (together 
the “Sale Shares ”)**, at a price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Sale Share, 
aggregating to INR 459, 36,16,370 (Indian Rupees Four Hundred and Fifty Nine Crores  
Thirty Six Lakhs Sixteen Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy ), from the Sellers, subject 
to and in accordance with the terms of the SPA (including the receipt of the CCI Approval).  
 
*The consummation of transactions contemplated under the SP A is subject to the satisfaction 
(or waiver) of conditions precedents as specified under the SP A including consummation of 
 
 21 the issuance and allotment of Subscription Shares and Subscription Warrant s in accordance 
with the terms of the SSA.  
**As per the terms of the SP A, the inter -se proportion of Sale Shares to be acquired by the 
Acquirers and the P AC, respectively may be modified inter -se amongst the Acquirers and the 
P AC in accordance with the ter ms of the SP A and the same shall be intimated by the Acquirers 
and P AC. The aggregate number of Sale Shares to be acquired by the Acquirers and P AC, 
collectively, will remain the same.  
 
The aforementioned transactions, including the proposed Preferential Issue to the Acquirers 
and the acquisition of the Sale Shares by the Acquirers and PAC, collectively, pursuant to the 
SSA and the SPA, respectively, and upon SPA Closing, the acquisition of control over the 
Target Company by the Acquirers and the PAC and them becoming ‘promoters’ of the Target 
Company and Sellers ceasing to be classified as 'promoter' and 'member of the promoter 
group' of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA and Regulation 
31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regu lations, are collectively referred to as the “ Underlying 
Transactions ”. 
 
2. The salient features of the SSA are set out below:  
 
The SSA sets forth the terms and conditions agreed between the Acquirers and the Target Company and 
their respective rights and obl igations with respect to the Preferential Issue. The subscription amount for 
the issuance and allotment of the Subscription Securities to the Acquirers will be paid in accordance with 
the terms of the SSA and applicable laws.  
 
a. SSA Conditions Precedent:  The obligations of the Acquirers and the Target Company to proceed 
to Subscription Closing for subscription to and issuance of the Subscription Securities to the 
relevant Acquirers in accordance with the terms of the SSA is subject to the fulfilment 
(waiver/d eferment) of each of the conditions precedent set out in the SSA, which inter alia  
include the following:  
 
i. Warranty compliance:  There having been no breaches of representations and 
warranties pro vided by the Target Company or the Acquirers as detailed in t he SSA.  
ii. Shareholder approval:  The Target Company to deliver copies of the special 
resolution passed by the shareholders of the Target Company approving the 
Preferential Issue.  
iii. Required Statutory Approvals:  The Acquirers and PAC shall have received the CCI 
Approval. The Target Company shall have filed an application for the SE -In principal 
Approval in respect of the issue of the Subscription Securities.  
iv. Separate bank account:  The Target Company shall have opened a bank account with 
a scheduled commercial ban k specifically for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of 
the Preferential Issue.  
v. Other conditions:  The Consent Agreement and each of the Franchise Agreements 
being valid and in full force and effect.  
vi. Form PAS - 4: A draft offer letter in the prescribed format (Form PAS – 4) inviting 
the Acquirers to subscribe to the Subscription Securities having been delivered to the 
Acquirers.  
vii. Valuation report:  A valuation report issued by an independent registered valuer, as 
required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations having been delivered to the Acquirers.  
viii. Increase in authorised share capital:  The shareholders of the Target Company 
having  approve d the increase in the authorised share capital of the Target Company to 
INR 900,00,00 ,000 (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Crores) di vided into 90,00,00,000 
(ninety crores) Equity Shares and the Target Company to comply with all actions and 
requirements under the applicable laws with respect to such increase in authorized 
share capital.  
ix. Complia nce of stand -still provisions:  There being no breach of the provisions under 
the SSA, applicable during the period between the execution date of the SSA and date 
of SPA Closing, which breach has not been cured within a period of 30 (thirty) days.  
 
 22 x. Appointme nt of credit rating agency:  The Target Company having appointed a credit 
rating agency registered with SEBI to monitor the use of proceeds of the Preferential 
Issue.  
xi. Compliance certification under regulation 163(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations:  The Targe t Company must obtain a certificate from a practising company 
secretary as required under Regulation 163(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.  
xii. Financing:  Acquirer 1 having fulfilled certain financing conditions in accordance with 
the terms of the SSA.  
 
b. Standstill Obligations:  During the period between the execution date of the SSA till the date of 
SPA Closing, the Target Company and its Subsidiaries are su bject to customary standstill 
covenants including inter -alia the obligations of (i) carrying on business in the ordinary course 
of business, in all material respects;  and (ii) not undertaking certain actions without the prior 
written consent of the Acquire rs other than as permitted under the SSA inter alia  including 
declaration of di vidends, making any capital expenditures in excess of specified thresholds, 
entering into new transactions with related parties other than in the ordinary course of business, 
or making any material changes to the accounting policies. These are subject to certain specific 
thresholds as specified in the SSA. The Target Company is required to notify the Acquirers if 
the Target Company becomes aware that any of such standstill restri ctions have been breached 
or if the Target Company or the Subsidiaries are involved in any litigation in excess of a 
specified threshold.  
 
c. Subscription Closing:  The Subscription Closing will occur at the Registered Office  within least 
15 (fifteen) days fr om the date of receipt of CCI Approval or the SE In -principle Approval, 
whichever is later, or on such other date as may be mutually agreed to between the Acquirers 
and the Target Company (“ Subscription Closing Date ”). On the date of the Subscription 
Closi ng, the Acquirers shall deliver necessary documents to the Target Company and remit the 
relevant consideration for the Preferential Issue (which shall include the aggregate consideration 
payable for the Subscription Shares and 25 .00% (twenty five per cent)  of the aggregate 
consideration payable for the Subscription Warrants), and the Target Company shall issue and 
allot the relevant Subscription Securities to the relevant Acquirer in accordance with the terms 
of the SSA.  
 
d. Post-Subscription Closing: Post the  occurrence of the Subscription Closing in accordance with  
the terms of the SSA, and on the date of the SPA Closing upon occurrence of the SPA Closing, 
the Target Company and the Acquirers will proceed with the final closing which will involve, 
inter alia the Target Company will hold a meeting of the Board to: (i) take on record the transfer 
of Sale Shares from the Sellers to the Acquirers and PAC, collectively; (ii) take on record the 
resignation letters of the resigning directors in the Target Company; (i ii) approve the 
appointment of nominee directors of the Acquirer s on the Board and take note of the change in 
designation of Mr. Ajay Kaul to a nominee director of the Acquirers, subject to approval of the 
shareholders of the Target Company; and convene a general meeting of the shareholders of the 
Target Company for obtaining shareholders’ approvals as required. Within 7 (seven) days of the 
SPA Closing, the Target Company shall update the relevant records, file necessary documents, 
and submit to the Stock E xchanges a certificate from its statutory auditors confirming payment 
of the consideration for the Subscription Securities. The Acquirers will make required 
disclosures within the prescribed timelines under applicable laws.  
 
e. Use of proceeds of the Preferen tial Issue:  The Target Company will use the proceeds from the 
Preferential Issue in the manner as set out in the EGM Notice, pro vided that the Target Company 
shall not utilise the said proceeds for any other purposes other than in the manner set out in the  
EGM Notice till the completion of the Open Offer and transaction contemplated under the SPA, 
other than as mutually agreed.  
 
f. Terms of the Subscription Warrants:  The Subscription Warrants shall have a tenure of 18 
(eighteen) months from the Subscription Cl osing Date and shall be convertible into Equity 
Shares on a 1:1 basis, in one or more tranches, at the option of the Acquirers. Conversion shall 
be effected upon issuance of a conversion notice and payment of the balance 75 .00% (seventy 
five per cent) of the warrant subscription price with respect to the relevant Subscription Warrant 
 
 23 with Equity Shares to be allotted upon receipt of such balance consideration for the relevant 
Subscription Warrants. The Equity Shares issued upon c onversion shall rank pari passu  with 
existing Equity Shares. The Subscription Warrants and Equity Shares issued upon conversion 
of such Subscription Warrants shall be subject to lock -in as per applicable SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. Until conversion, the Subsc ription Warrants shall not carry any voting, di vidend 
or shareholder rights.  
 
g. Customary representations and warranties:  The Target Company and its Subsidiaries have 
provided customary warranties (backed by indemnities) to the Acquirers with respect to 
authority, capacity, business and tax related matters inter alia the following: (i) warranties 
pertaining to incorporation and authority to enter into the transactions contemplated under the 
SSA; (ii) the Target Company having obtained all necessary authorisat ions for performance of 
the SSA; (iii) the Target Company’s share capital and shareholding pattern, being as stated in 
the SSA; (iv) Target Company and its Subsidiaries having validly issued and held their 
respective equity securities in compliance with ap plicable laws; (v) Target Company and its 
Subsidiaries having not committed any actions or have proceedings that could result in any 
person exercising or claiming any rights on equity securities held by any shareholder; (v) the 
Target Company having mainta ined all required statutory books, records and registered in 
accordance with applicable laws; and (vi) the Target Company and its Subsidiaries having 
material governmental approvals for conduct of the business in accordance with applicable 
laws.  
 
h. Terminati on: The SSA shall become effective on January 20, 2026 and would remain valid 
unless (i) terminated by mutual consent; or (ii) terminated by notice in writing by the Acquirers 
(a) if the CCI Approval is not received prior expiry of 18 (eighteen) months fro m the date of 
execution of the SSA, unless mutually extended; or (b) if the SE In -principle Approval is 
declined; or (iii) by notice in writing from either party upon non -fulfilment of any of the 
conditions precedent in accordance with the terms of the SSA ; or (iv) by notice in writing from 
either party if the SPA is terminated prior to the occurrence of Subscription Closing in 
accordance with the terms of the SSA.  
 
3. The salient features of the SPA are set out below:   
 
The SPA sets forth the terms and condit ions agreed between the Sellers, the Acquirers and PAC and their 
respective rights and obligations.  
 
a. SPA Conditions Precedent:  The obligation of the Sellers, Acquirers and PAC to proceed to SPA 
Closing for the sale and purchase the Sale Shares is subject to the fulfilment (or waiver / 
deferment) of each of the conditions precedent set out in the SPA, which inter alia  include:  
 
i. Warranty compliance:  No breaches of representations and warranties pro vided by 
the Sellers or Acquirers and PAC under the terms of the SPA.  
ii. Receipt of CCI Approval:  The Acquirers and PAC to have received the CCI 
Approval.  
iii. Other conditions:  The Consent Agree ment and the Franchise Agreement being valid 
and in full force and effect.  
iv. Preferential allotment:  The Subscription Closing having occurred in accordance with 
the terms of the SSA.  
v. W&I Insurance: The Sellers, Acquirers and PAC shall have obtained a warran ties and 
indemnities insurance in accordance with the terms of the SPA.  
vi. No-objections certificate from the tax department: Upon occurrence of certain 
events as more particularly specified in the SPA, the Sellers shall provide the Acquirers 
and the PAC wit h a no -objection certificate from the tax department.  
vii. Financing:  Acquirer 1 having fulfilled certain financing conditions in accordance with 
the terms of the SPA.  
viii. Conclusion of Open Offer:  The conclusion of Open Offer having occurred in 
accordance with the  terms of the SPA (except where Open Offer has not been 
completed post 7 (seven) months from the consummation of the Subscription Closing, 
on account of reasons those are directly and solely attributable to or concerning the 
 
 24 Acquirers or the PAC or their a ffiliates, such requirement shall cease to apply in 
accordance with the terms of the SPA).   
 
b. SPA Closing:  Subject to paragraph 8(a) above, the SPA Closing shall occur by the earlier of : (i ) 
the business day immediately following the conclusion of the Open Offer; or (ii) the business 
day which falls immediately upon expiry of 7 (seven) months from the Subscription Closing 
Date in the event where the conclusion of the where conclusion of the Open Offer has not 
occurred, on account of reasons that are directly and solely attributable to the Acquirers or the 
PAC or their affiliates). On the date of the SPA Closing, the Sellers will transfer Sale Shares to 
the Acquirers and the PAC either through  a block deal or off exchange process, and upon SPA 
Closing, the Target Company will pass resolutions to record the transfer, update registers, take 
such actions as required under applicable laws to and declassify the Sellers as promoter and 
member of the promoter group of the Target Company in accordance with the SPA, SSA, and 
Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, with effect from the date of SPA Closing. 
The Acquirers and the PAC will procure that the Target Company files all statutory and 
regula tory filings within 7 (seven) business days from the date of the SPA Closing.  
 
c. Indemnity:  Selling Promoter Shareholder 1 will indemnify the Acquirers and the PAC and their 
affiliates against losses arising, inter alia, from breaches of the Sellers’ fundam ental warranties.  
 
d. Undertaking by the Sellers:  Sellers have agreed not to establish or assist in any business under 
a name that is identical with or deceptively similar to the trademarks owned or used by the 
Target Company for a period of 18 (eighteen) mon ths from the date of SPA Closing.  
 
e. Termination:  The SPA shall become effective on January 20, 2026 and would remain valid 
unless terminated by mutual consent  or by notice in writing by a party (i) if the CCI Approval 
is not received prior to the expiry of  18 (eighteen) months from the date of execution of the 
SPA, unless mutually extended, (ii) if the SE In -principle Approval, is declined; (iii) termination 
of the Consent Agreement; or (iv) non -fulfilment of any of the conditions precedent under the 
SPA for a period of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of execution of the SPA.  
 
f. Seller Warranties:  Sellers have pro vided customary warranties inter alia  in respect of their 
incorporation, capacity, and authority to enter into the transactions contemplated unde r the SPA, 
and in respect of title and marketability of the Sale Shares and certain tax warranties in respect 
of the Sale Shares and transactions contemplated under the SPA.  
 
g. Acquirer and PAC Warranties:  Each Acquirer and PAC has pro vided customary warrant ies inter 
alia in respect of their incorporation, capacity and authority to enter into the transactions 
contemplated under the SPA, residency and no conflict etc.  
 
h. Change in the inter-se allocation of Sale Shares:  The inter -se proportion of Sale Shares to be 
acquired by the Acquirers and the PAC, respectively may be modified inter-se amongst the 
Acquirers and the PAC in accordance with the terms of the SPA and the same shall be intimated 
by the Acquirers and PAC to the Sellers at least 10 (ten) days prior to SPA Closing. It is clarified 
for avoidance of any doubt that the aggregate number of Sale Shares to be acquired by the 
Acquirers and PAC, collectively, will remain the same.  
 
4. As on the date of this Letter of Offer , Acquirers  and the PAC do not hold any Equity Shares of the Target 
Company  
 
5. This Open Offer is not pursuant to any global acquisition resulting in an indirect acquisition of Equity 
Shares.  
 
6. In accordance with Regulation 26(7) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the comm ittee of independent 
directors of the Target Company is required to provide their written reasoned recommendations on the 
Open Offer to the Public Shareholders and such recommendations are required to be published in the 
specified form at least 2 (two) Wor king Days before the commencement of the Tendering Period.  
 
 
 25 7. As of the date of this LoF, the Acquirer s and PAC do not have any nominee directors or representatives 
on the Board. Upon closing in accordance with the SSA and the SPA, there will be change in designation 
of Mr. Ajay Kaul, a non -executive director of the Target Company, to a nominee director of the Acquirers 
and PAC. Additionally, t he Acquirer s and PAC reserve the right to further propose their nominees to be 
appointed as directors on the Board of the Target Company  in accordance with the Restated Articles and 
the terms of the SSA and the SPA . 
 
8. As on the date of the LoF, the Acquirer s and PAC have not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in 
securities, pursuant to the terms of any direc tions issued under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any 
other regulations made under the SEBI Act.  
 
B. Details of the proposed Offer  
  
1. The PA announcing the Open Offer, issued by the Manager to the Offer on behalf of the Acquirers and 
the PAC, under Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulations 13(1) and 14(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, was sent to the Stock Exchanges on January 20, 2026. The PA was also sent to SEBI and to 
the Target Company on January 20, 2026 in terms of Regulation 14(2) of the  SEBI (SAST) Regulation s.   
 
2. In accordance with Regulation 13(4) and Regulation 14(3) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Detailed 
Public Statement dated January 27, 2026,  in respect of the Open Offer was published on January 28, 
2026, in the following Newspapers:   
 
Publication  Language  Edition  
Financial Express  English Daily  All Editions  
Jansatta  Hindi Daily  All Editions  
Navshakti  Marathi Daily   Mumbai(1) 
Notes:   
(1) Marathi, being the regional language at Mumbai, i.e., (i ) the place of the stock exchange where the 
maximum volume of trading in the Equity Shares was recorded during the 60 (sixty) trading days 
preceding the date of this Public Announcement; and (ii) the place where the registered office of the 
Target Company is situated.  
 
3. Simultaneously, a copy of the Detailed Public Statement was sent through the Manager to the Offer to: 
(a) SEBI; (b) the Stock Exchanges; and (c) the Target Company, in accordance with Regulation 14(4) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   
 
4. A copy of the PA and Detailed Public Statement are also available on the website of SEBI 
(www.sebi.gov.in ). 
 
5. This Open Offer is being made by the Acquirers and the PAC to the Public Shareholders, to acquire up 
to up to 20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) 
Equity Shares (“ Offer Shares ”) constituting 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded V oting Share 
Capital, at a price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy)  (“Offer Price ”) along with the Applicable Interest 
of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise Thirty Nine) per Offer Share ,  aggregating to a total consideration of up to 
INR 1464,54,64,260  (Indian Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Sixty Four Crores Fifty Four 
Lakhs Sixty Four Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty ) (assuming full acceptance) (“ Offer Size / 
Maximum Open Offer Consideration ”).  
 
6. As on the date of this LoF, the Target Company has only 1 (one) class of Equity Shares and there are 
no: (i) partly paid -up shares; (ii) Equity S hares carrying differential voting rights; (iii) outstanding 
instruments in warrants (apart from the Subscription Warrants to be issued to Acquirer 1 in accordance 
with the terms of the SSA), or fully or partly convertible debentures/preference shares, etc ., which are 
convertible into Equity Shares at a later stage (apart from the outstanding ESOPs granted by the Target 
Company); (iv) Equity Shares which are forfeited or kept in abeyance; (v) Equity Shares that are subject 
to lock -in (apart from the Subscri ption Securities to be issued to the  relevant  Acquirers in terms of the 
SSA); and (vi) Outstanding Equity Shares that have been issued but not listed on any Stock Exchange  
(other than 1,18,571  (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one ) ESOPs  which have 
 
 26 been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the  Target  Company under the BK Employee 
Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending  allotment,  corporate action and receipt of the listing and 
trading approvals ). 
 
7. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges  (i.e., NSE and BSE) . The 
Acquirers and PAC have no intention to delist the Target Company pursuant to this Open Offer.  
 
8. The Expanded V oting Share Capital of the Target Company as of the 10th Working Day from the closure 
of the Tendering Period is computed  as per the table below  (as on the DLoF Date ):  
 
Particulars  Number of Equity Shares  % of Expanded Voting Share 
Capital  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares of 
the Target Company  (as on the 
DLoF Date ) 58,28, 17,735(2) 72.83%  
Partly paid -up Equity Shares  Nil  Nil 
Subscription Shares proposed to 
be allotted by the Target 
Company to the Acquirers in 
terms of the SSA  12,85,71,428  16.07% 
Subscription Warrants proposed 
to be allotted by the Target 
Company to Acquirer 1 in terms 
of the SSA(1) 8,57,14,285  10.71%  
Outstanding convertible 
instruments (such as depository 
receipts, fully convertible 
debentures, or warrants)  Nil  Nil 
ESOPs as on DLoF Date  (vested 
/ to be vested on or prior to 
January 31, 2027)  31,33,925(3) 0.39%  
Expanded Voting Share 
Capital  80,02,37,373  100.00%  
 
(1) Assuming that Acquirer 1 exercises and converts all the Subscription Warrants into Equity Shares 
of the Target Company.  
(2) Including 70,830 (seventy thousand eight hundred and thirty) Equity Shares allotted on February 
03, 2026 to identified employees pursuant to exercise of employee stock options under the BK 
Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which were  pending corpo rate action and receipt of the 
listing and trading approvals, as on February 04, 2026.  Please note that as on date of this L oF, 
the number of fully paid -up Equity Shares of the Target Company are 58,28,76,287 ( fifty eight 
crores twenty eight lakhs seventy  six thousand two hundred and eighty seven ) Equity Shares  
(excluding 1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one) ESOPs which 
have been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target Company under the 
BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment ).  
(3) Please note that as on date of this L oF , (i) 1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and 
seventy one) ESOPs have been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target 
Company under the BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment, 
corporate action and receipt of the listing and trading approvals ; and (ii) 1,27,769  (one lakh 
twenty seven thousand seven hundred and sixty nine)  ESOPs have lapsed  since the DLoF Date . 
Accordingly, as on date of this L oF , the total number of outstanding ESOPs of the Target Company 
are 38,87,995 (thirty eight lakhs eighty seven thousand nine hundred and ninety five) (excluding 
1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five  hundred and seventy one) ESOPs which have been 
exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target Company under the BK Employee 
Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment, corporate action and receipt of the 
listing and trading appro vals).  
 
 
 27 9. The Offer Price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) is the price arrived at in accordance with 
Regulation 8 and other applicable regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  There is no differential 
pricing being offered for the Equity Shares tendered  in this Offer.  
 
10. The Offer Price is payable in cash by the Acquirers in accordance with Regulation 9(1)(a) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, and subject to the terms and conditions set out in the PA, the DPS and the LoF 
and in accordance with the SEBI (SAST)  Regulations.  
 
11. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open Offer by the Public 
Shareholders, is more than the Offer Size, then the Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public 
Shareholders will be accepted on a proportionate basi s, subject to acquisition of a maximum of 
20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) Equity 
Shares Equity Shares, representing 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded Share Capital, in 
consultation with th e Manager to the Open Offer.  
 
12. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 
19(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
13. This is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and t here has 
been no competing offer under Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations as on the date of this 
LoF. 
 
14. The Acquirers and PAC do not hold any Equity Shares or voting rights in the Target Company as on the 
date of this LoF. The Acquirers and PAC have not acquired any Equity Shares between the date of the 
PA i.e., January 20, 2026, and the date of this LoF. 
 
15. Other than the transactions detailed in Part A ( Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the 
Offer ) above, which have triggered this Offer, as on the date of this LoF, neither the Acquirers nor the 
PAC, and their respective directors or trustees or key employees hold any ownership / interest / 
relationship / shares in the Target Company . It may be noted that  one of the non -executive directors of 
the Target Company i.e ., Mr. Ajay Kaul, holds a 2 .00% (two per cent)  equity stake in Acquirer 1 without 
any special rights and benefits.  
 
16. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in the Open Offer shall ensure that the Equity 
Shares are clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. The Offer Shares will be acquired by the 
Acquirers, subject to such Offer Shares being validly tendered in the Open Offer fully paid -up, free 
from all liens, charges, e quitable interests and encumbrances and shall be tendered together with all 
the rights attached thereto, including all the rights to di vidends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, 
declared thereof and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in  the PA, the DPS and as 
will be set out in the Letter of Offer that is proposed to be issued for the Open Offer, and the Public 
Shareholders tendering their Equity Shares in the Open Offer shall have obtained all necessary 
consents required by them to tend er the Offer Shares on the foregoing basis.  
 
17. The Offer Price is subject to upward revisions pursuant to SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if any, or at the 
discretion of the Acquirers and PAC at any time prior to 1 (one) Working Day before the 
commencement of the T endering Period in accordance with Regulation 18(4) and Regulation 18(5) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
18. Please refer to Part D (Statutory and other Approvals ) of Section VI II (Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer ), in relation to the details of the statutor y and other approvals required to complete the 
Underlying Transaction and the acquisition of the Offer Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to 
the Open Offer. In addition, the consummation of the Proposed Transaction is subject to the receipt of 
the R equired Statutory Approvals, as applicable, and the Underlying Transactions are subject to the 
satisfaction of other conditions precedent specified in the SPA and the SSA (unless waived in 
accordance with the terms thereof) , as applicable . Apart from the R equired Statutory Approvals,  there 
are no other statutory or governmental approvals required for the consummation of the Proposed 
Transaction. However, if any other statutory or governmental approval(s) are required or become 
applicable at a later date bef ore closure of the Tendering Period, the Proposed Transaction shall be 
subject to such statutory or governmental approvals and the Acquirers and the PAC shall make the 
 
 28 necessary applications for obtaining such statutory approvals. In relation to the Requir ed Statutory 
Approvals, the Target Company has received the SE In -principle Approval from each  of the S tock 
Exchanges  vide their respective letters  dated February 27, 2026 . Additionally , the Acquirers and PAC 
have received  CCI Approval  vide intimation dated May 20, 2026 . Apart from the Required Statutory 
Approvals, the Underlying Transactions are subject to the conditions precedent to the SSA and the 
SPA as mentioned at paragraphs 2(a) and 3(a) of Part A (Background of the Offer)  of Section I II 
(Details of the Offer) respectively of this LoF, as applicable . 
 
19. All Public Shareholders (including residents, non -resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies or non -
resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares 
(including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) held by them in the Offer and submit such 
approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer s reser ve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. 
Further, if Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India (including NRIs, OCBs and FIIs 
and FPIs) required any approvals (including from the RBI or any other regulatory body) in  respect of 
the Equity Shares held by them, such Public Shareholders will be required to submit any such previous 
approvals,  required to be obtained for acquiring/holding the Equity Shares, in order to tender the 
Equity Shares held by them in this Open Off er (along with such other documents required to be 
provided to tender their respective Equity Shares in this Open Offer). In the event such approvals are 
not submitted, the Acquirers reserve their right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open 
Offer.  
 
20. In the event that the Required Statutory Approvals, or those which become applicable prior to 
completion of the Offer, are not received or are refused for any reason or are not satisfied, or if the 
conditions precedent s (as set out at  2(a) and  3(a) of Part A (Background to the Offer ) of Section III 
(Details of the Offer ) of this LoF), which are outside the reasonable control of Acquirers  and PAC , are 
not satisfied (or waived in accordance with the SSA  and the SPA ), then the Acquirer s and PAC may 
withdraw this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
21. In the event of withdrawal of this Open Offer, a public announcement stating the grounds and reasons 
for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (S AST) Regulations will be made 
within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the DPS was 
published and such public announcement will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target 
Company at its registered office.  
 
22. As on the date of this LoF, there is no revision in the Offer Price or size of the Open Offer. In addition 
to the Offer Price, the Acquirers are required to pay the Applicable Interest in terms of Regulation 
18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI ( SAST ) Regulati ons. In case of any revision in the Offer Price or size 
of the Open Offer, the Acquirer s and PAC shall comply with applicable provisions of Regulation 18 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any other provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations which are 
requi red to be fulfilled for the said revision in the Offer Price or size of the Open Offer.  
 
23. As on the date of this LoF, the Manager to the Offer does not hold any Equity Shares. The Manager to 
the Offer shall not deal, on its own account, in the Equity Shares  during the Offer Period .  
 
C. Object of the Offer  
  
1. This Offer is being made by the Acquirers and PAC, to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company 
with an intention to acquire control over the Target Company and to become ‘promoters’ of the Target 
Company, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the SSA , SPA and Regulation 31A of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations , pursuant to and in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. Following the completion of the Open Of fer, The Acquirers intend to support the 
management of the Target Company in its efforts towards sustained growth. The Target Company is 
engaged in the business of developing, opening and operating, and licensing franchisees to develop, open 
and operate re staurants as the master franchisee of the BURGER KING® brand in India and the 
BURGER KING® and POPEYES® brands in Indonesia through its Subsidiaries. The Acquirers and the 
PAC intend to continue and strengthen the existing business activities of the Target  Company and work 
with its management and employees to grow the business.  
 
 29  
2. As of the date of this LoF, the Acquirers or the PAC do not have any intention to dispose -off or otherwise 
encumber any assets or investments of the Target Company or any of its Sub sidiaries, through sale, lease, 
encumbrance, reconstruction, restructuring or otherwise in the 2 (two) years from the completion of 
Offer, other than: (a) in the ordinary course of business (including for the disposal of assets and creation 
of encumbrances  in accordance with business requirements); or (b) as already agreed, disclosed and/or 
publicly announced by the Target Company; or (c) on account of any regulatory approvals or conditions, 
or as required in compliance with any law that is or becomes bindi ng on or applicable to the operations 
of the Target Company; or (d) to the extent required for the purpose of restructuring and/or rationalization 
of the business, assets, investments, liabilities or otherwise of the Target Company, to improve 
operational efficiencies and for other commercial reasons, or (e) in accordance with the prior decision of 
the Board.  Other than the above, if the Acquirers or PAC intend to alienate any material asset of the 
Target Company or any of its Subsidiaries within a period of 2 (two) years from the date of completion 
of this Open Offer, a special resolution of the shareholders of the Target Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, as applicable, in accordance with the proviso to Regulation 25(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations wou ld be taken before undertaking any such alienation of any material assets.  
 
3. The Acquirers and PAC have  not formulated any proposal as on the date of this LoF which may have an 
adverse material impact on employees and location of place of business of the T arget Company.  
 
4. The Acquirers and the PAC have no intention to delist the Target Company pursuant to this Open Offer.  
  
 
 30 IV. BACKGROUND OF ACQUIRERS  AND PAC  
  
A. Acquirer 1 – Lenexis Foodworks Private Limited  
 
1. Acquirer 1, i.e., Lenexis Foodworks  Private Limited, is a private company limited by shares. It was 
originally incorporated on October 23, 2007 as ‘Lenexis Energy Private Limited’ under the Companies 
Act, 1956. Thereafter, it was converted to a public company and its name was changed to ‘Le nexis 
Energy Limited’  vide fresh certificate of incorporation upon name change dated March 13, 2008. 
Thereafter, its name was changed to ‘Lenexis Foodworks Limited’  vide fresh certificate of registration 
upon name change dated January 17, 2014. Thereafter it was converted back to a private limited 
company, and its name was changed to ‘Lenexis Foodworks Private Limited’  vide fresh certificate of 
incorporation upon conversion to a private company dated March 5, 2014.  
 
2. The registered office of Acqu irer 1 is located at Level 6, Gala Impecca, Next to Courtyard Marriott, 
CTS-29/1, Chakala, A.K. Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai City, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400059. 
The CIN of Acquirer 1 is ‘U55100MH2007PTC175287 ’, and the PAN of Acquirer 1 is AABCL4000H .  
 
3. Acquirer 1 is primarily engaged in various hospitality -related businesses, including hotels, restaurants, 
cafes, and lodging houses. It is also engaged in acquiring and developing properties for these purposes 
and providing additional services like cat ering and entertainment. Additionally, Acquirer 1 is 
recognised amongst India's largest homegrown QSR operators, with a network of over 250 (two 
hundred and fifty) kitchens across more than 45 (forty five) cities and operates brands such as Chinese 
Wok, Bi g Bowl and The Momo Co.  
 
4. Acquirer 4 is the promoter and the person in control of Acquirer 1 and is holding 97.94% (ninety seven 
decimal point nine four per cent) shareholding in the Acquirer 1.  
 
5. Acquirer 1 is not registered with SEBI in any capacity, and  its equity shares are not listed on any stock 
exchanges in India or abroad.  
 
6. As on the date of the DPS, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of Acquirer 1 is INR 
24,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty -Four Crores) comprising of 2,40,00,000  (two crores and forty 
lakh) equity shares having face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) each. Acquirer 1 is a private 
limited company and does not have any shares listed on any Stock Exchanges.  
 
7. The shareholding pattern of Acquirer 1 as on the date of this LoF is as set out below:   
 
Shareholder’s category  Number of shares held  % of share capital  
Promoter  2,35,20,000  98.00%  
Public  4,80,000  2.00%  
Total  2,40,00,000  100%  
 
8. Acquirer 1 does not hold any Equity Shares of the Target Company. Furthermore, Acquirer 1 has not 
purchased any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA and the date of this 
LoF. 
 
9. As of the date of this LoF, except from the proposed s hareholding to be acquired in the Target Company 
pursuant to the SPA and the SSA, the Acquirer 1, its directors or key employees do not hold any other 
interest or maintain any other relationship in or with the Target Company . It may be noted that one of the 
non-executive directors of the Target Company i.e. Mr. Ajay Kaul, holds a 2 .00% (two per cent)  equity 
stake in Acquirer 1 without any special rights and benefits.  
 
10. Acquirer 1 does not form a part of the current promoter and promoter group of the Target Company.  
 
11. The details of the directors on the board of directors of Acquirer 1 as on the date of this LoF are 
provided below:  
 
 
 31 Sr. 
No. Particulars  Experience / qualification  
1 
Name : Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal  
Designation : Managing Director  
DIN: 03129764  
Date of appointment : November 01, 2010  Qualification :  
• Bachelor of Science,  Bentley 
University , USA  
• Master  of Science, Imperial 
College , London  
Experience :  
• Mr. Aayush Agrawal is the Founder 
& Managing Director of Lenexis 
Foodworks Private Limited, which  
is recognized as India’s largest 
QSR operators, with brands like 
Chinese Wok (formerly Wok 
Express) , Big Bowl and The Momo 
Co.  
2 
Name : Madhusudan Bhagwandas Agrawal  
Designation : Director  
DIN: 00073872  
Date of appointment : June 25, 2018  
 Qualification :  
• BSc. (Part I), Hislop College, 
Nagpur  
Experience :  
• Mr. Madhusudan Agrawal is the Co -
Founder, and Vice Chairman of 
Ajanta Pharma Limited . He also 
serves as the Chairman of Lenexis 
Foodworks Private Limited . 
 
12. No director on the board of Acquirer 1 or any person representing Acquirer 1 are acting as directors 
of the Target Company . It may be noted that  one of the non -executive direct ors of the Target Company 
i.e. Mr. Ajay Kaul, holds a 2 .00% (two per cent) equity stake in Acquirer 1 without any special rights 
and benefits.  
 
13. As on the date of this LoF, there are no common directors on the Board of the Target Company and 
the board of directors of Acquirer 1. 
 
14. As of the date of this LoF, the Acquirer 1 has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities, 
in terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other Regulation made under 
the SEBI Ac t. 
 
15. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 1 or its directors or key employees have not been categorized nor are appearing in the ‘Wilful 
Defaulter or a fraudulent borrower’ list issued by a ny bank, financial institution, or consortium thereof 
in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by Reserve Bank 
of India.  
 
16. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja ) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 1 or its directors or key employees are not declared as ‘Fugitive Economic Offenders’ under 
Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
17. Apart from the PAC, there are no persons is acting in conce rt with Acquirer 1 for the purposes of the 
Offer. While persons may be deemed to be acting in concert with Acquirer 1 in terms of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (“Deemed PACs”), however, such Deemed PACs are not 
acting in concert with  the Acquirers for the purposes of the Offer, within the meaning of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
18. Acquirer 1 will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company, held, and acquired, if any, during 
the Offer period in terms of Reg ulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
 
 32 19. Upon SPA Closing, Acquirer 1 will acquire control over the Target Company and will become 
promoter of the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the promoter and 
member of the promoter group of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA 
and Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
20. The key financial information of Acquirer 1 based on the audited financial statements for the financial 
years ended 202 6, 202 5, and 2024, is as mentioned below:   
 
(INR in crores)  
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 202 6 March 31, 202 5 March 31, 202 4 
Income from operations  415.25  347.43  179.45  
Other Income  0.82 0.51 0.31 
Total Income  416.07  347.94  179.76  
Total Expenditure  (excluding 
Depreciation and Interest)  510.04  442.20  232.33  
Profit Before Depreciation 
Interest and Tax  (93.97)  (94.26)  (52.57)  
Depreciation  18.76  14.13  12.40  
Interest  5.99 0.21 0.14 
Profit/ (Loss) Before Tax  (130.49)  (108.60)  (65.11)  
Provision of Tax  - - - 
Profit / (Loss) After Tax  (130.49)  (108.60)  (65.11)  
 
(INR in crores)  
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 202 6 March 31, 202 5 March 31, 202 4 
Source of funds     
Paid up share capital  24.00  24.00  24.00  
Reserves and Surplus (excluding 
revaluation reserves)  (452.92)  (322.42)  (213.82)  
Networth  (428.92)  (298.42)  (189.83)   
Secured loans  0.00 0.00 0.00 
Unsecured loans  528.95  392.52  266.21  
Long Term Provisions  2.36 1.26 0.76 
Other non -current liabilities  5.30 - - 
Current liabilities  (Excluding 
Short Term Borrowings)  47.58  35.16  23.53  
Total  155.27  130.52  100.68  
Use of funds     
Fixed assets  93.58  76.96  66.00  
Non current Assets  29.12  22.45  14.33  
Current assets  32.57  31.11  20.35  
Total  155.27  130.52  100.68  
 
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 202 6 March 31, 202 5 March 31, 202 4 
Earnings per share (INR)  (54.37)   (45.25)  (27.13)  
Dividend (%)  Nil Nil Nil 
 
21. Acquirer 1 has contingent liabilities of INR 5,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five Lakhs)  as at March 31, 
2026.  
 
 
 33 22. The Acquirer 1 shall comply with the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations a t the time of 
conversion of the Subscription Warrants into Equity Shares of the Target Company .   
 
B. Acquirer  2 – Aayush Agrawal Trust  (acting through its sole trustee – Mr. A ayush Agrawal ) 
 
1. Aayush Agrawal Trust, is a private trust settled under the Deed of Settlement dated March 7, 2017 (as 
amended from time to time) (“ Trust Deed ”) governed under the provisions of Indian Trusts Act, 1882,  
bearing PAN ‘AAFTA7564A ’ and having its registered office located at Level 6, Gala Impecca , 
Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Next to Courtyard Marriott Hotel, Mumbai, 19 - Maharashtra, 91 - 
India, 400059. The current sole trustee of Acquirer 2 is Acquirer 4. The current beneficiaries of 
Acquirer 2 are Mr. Madhusudan Agrawal, Mrs. Mamta Agrawal, A cquirer 4, and Mrs. Arushi Agrawal. 
All the beneficiaries of Acquirer 2 are immediate family members of Acquirer 4. The name of Acquirer 
2 has not been changed/ altered since its establishment.  
 
2. The objects of Acquirer 2 as are stated in the Trust Deed, inter alia include the following: (a) to pro vide, 
a suitable succession planning structure to ensure seamless intergenerational transfer of the trust fund, 
amongst the beneficiaries who are family members; (b) to pro vide for different needs and requi rements 
of the beneficiaries depending upon changing circumstances of lifestyle and their varying needs 
including as applicable but not limited to (i) maintenance, (ii) education (iii) marriage expenses (iv) 
medical expenses (v) residence and (vi) other ex penses and contingencies of the beneficiaries (c) to 
ensure that trust fund is properly managed and administered in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed.  
 
3. Acquirer 2 is the primary investment vehicle for the family of Acquirer 4, as managed an d operated 
by Acquirer 4 being the sole trustee of Acquirer 2. Acquirer 2 is strategically positioned to hold long 
term proprietary investments across diversified interests, including food services, real estate, and 
healthcare.  
 
4. Acquirer 2 is not register ed with SEBI in any capacity and since it is a private family trust, Acquirer 
2 is not limited by share capital. The units of Acquirer 2 are not listed on any stock exchanges in India 
or abroad.  
 
5. Acquirer 2 is operated and managed by Acquirer 4 as its sole  trustee.  
 
6. Acquirer 2 does not hold any Equity Shares of the Target Company. Furthermore, the have not 
purchased any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA and the date of this 
LoF. 
 
7. As of the date of this LoF, except from the propo sed shareholding to be acquired in the Target Company 
pursuant to the SPA and the SSA, the Acquirer  2, its trustees or key employees do not hold any other 
interest or maintain any other relationship in or with the Target Company.  
 
8. Acquirer  2 does not form  a part of the current promoter and promoter group of the Target Company.  
 
9. Since Acquirer 2 is a Trust and managed by the sole Trustee, it does not have any directors. No person 
representing Acquirer  2 is acting as a director on the board of the Target Com pany.  
 
10. As of the date of this LoF, the Acquirer  2 has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities, 
in terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other Regulation made under 
the SEBI Act.  
 
11. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 2 or its Trustee have not been categorized nor are appearing in the ‘Wilful Defaulter or a 
fraudulent borrower’ list issued by any bank, financial institution, or consortium thereof i n accordance 
with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by Reserve Bank of India.  
 
 
 34 12. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer  2 or its Trustee are not declared as ‘Fugitive Economic Offenders’ under Section 12 of the 
Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
13. Apart from the PAC, there are n o person are acting in concert with Acquirer  2 for the purposes of the 
Offer. While persons may be deemed to be acting in concert with Acquirer  2 in terms of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (“ Deemed PACs ”), however, such Deemed PACs are not 
acting in concert with the Acquirers for  the purposes of the Offer, within the meaning of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
14. Acquirer  2 will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company, held, and acquired, if any, during 
the Offer period in terms of Regulation 25(4) of t he SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
15. Upon SPA Closing, Acquirer 2 will acquire control over the Target Company and will become 
promoter of the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the promoter and 
member of the promoter group of the Targe t Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA 
and Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
16. The key financial information of Acquirer 2 based on the audited financial statements of financial 
years ended 2026, 2025 and 2024 is as mentioned b elow:  
 
 
 
(INR in crores)  
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024  
Income from operations   - - 
Other Income  46.53  83.19  120.31  
Total Income  46.53  83.19  120.31  
Total Expenditure (Excluding Interest 
Expense)  25.86  55.60  87.03  
Profit Before Depreciation Interest 
and Tax  20.67  27.59  33.28  
Depreciation  - - - 
Interest  7.02 9.19 8.50 
Profit Before Tax  13.65  18.40  24.78  
Provision of Tax  13.63  13.47  24.75  
Profit After Tax  0.02 4.93 0.03 
 
(INR in crores)  
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 2024  
Source of funds     
Corpus Fund  12.76  12.74  7.81  
Secured loans  73.00  73.00  195.99  
Unsecured loans  - - - 
Current Liabilities  0.00 0.00 0.00 
Total  85.77  85.75  203.81  
Use of funds     
Investments  12.65  12.64  8.38 
Loans & Advances  54.72  73.00  195.35  
Other Non Current Assets  - - - 
Pre-acquisition Cost  2.96 - - 
 
 35 Other Current assets     
- Cash & Bank Balances  14.75  0.05 0.08 
- Other Current Assets  0.70 0.06 0.00 
Total  85.77  85.75  203.81  
 
Particulars  Year ended (audited)  
March 31, 2026  March 31, 
2025  March 31, 2024  
Earnings per share (INR)  N.A N.A N.A 
Distribution to  
Beneficiaries (INR in crores)  21.90  52.35  79.60  
Networth  (INR in crores)  3,962.02  3,707.25  3,176.63  
 
C. Acquirer 3 – Inspira  Foodworks Private Limited (formerly ‘Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited’ ) 
 
1. Acquirer 3, i.e., Inspira Foodworks  Private Limited, is a private company limited by shares. It was 
originally incorporated on September 7, 2024, as ‘Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited’ under the 
Companies Act, 2013. Thereafter, its name was changed to ‘Inspira Foodworks Private. Limited’  vide 
certificate of registration dated November 7, 2025. The registered office of Acquirer 3 is located at 
3/B, Hind Saurashtra Ind. Chs . Ltd., Nr Bajrang Petrol Pump, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 
400059. The CIN of Acquirer 3 is ‘U68200MH2024PTC432028 ’ and the PAN of Acquirer 3 is 
‘AAHCI8458G ’.  
 
2. Acquirer 3 is primarily engaged in various hospitality related businesses, including hotels, restaurants, 
cafes, and lodging houses. It also acquires and develops properties for these purp oses and pro vides 
additional services like catering, entertainment, and retail. Additionally, Acquirer 3 serves as a 
strategic investment and operating vehicle, focusing on the expansion of the existing QSR business of 
Acquirer 1 and is positioned to compl ement Acquirer 1’s existing QSR infrastructure by identifying 
and scaling high growth consumer facing brands and managing strategic market acquisitions. Acquirer 
3 is controlled by Acquirer 4.  
 
3. Inspira Realty and Infra Private Limited is holding 99 .00% (ninety nine per cent) shareholding of 
Acquirer 3. Acquirer 2 (acting through Acquirer 4, being its sole Trustee) is holding 99.80%  (ninety 
nine decimal point eight zero per cent)  shareholding of Inspira Realty and Infra Private Limited.  
 
4. Acquirer 3 is not registered with SEBI in any capacity, and its equity shares are not listed on any stock 
exchange in India or abroad.  
 
5. As on the date of this LoF, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of Acquirer 3 is INR 
1,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees One La kh) comprising of 10,000 (ten thousand) equity shares having face 
value of Rs. 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) each. Acquirer 3 is a private company and does not have any 
shares listed on any Stock Exchanges.  
 
6. The shareholding pattern of Acquirer 3 as on the date o f this LoF is as set out below:   
 
Shareholder’s category  Number of shares held  % of share capital  
Promoter  10,000  100.00%  
 
7. Acquirer  3 does not hold any Equity Shares of the Target Company. Furthermore, Acquirer  3 has not 
purchased any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA and the date of this 
LoF. 
 
8. As of the date of this LoF, except from the proposed shareholding to be acquired in the Target Company 
pursuant to the SPA and the SSA, the Acquirer  3, its directors  or key employees do not hold any other 
interest or maintain any other relationship in or with the Target Company.  
 
9. Acquirer  3 does not form a part of the curr ent promoter and promoter group of the Target Company.  
 
 36  
10. The details of the directors on the board of directors of Acquirer  3 as on the date of this LoF are 
provided below:   
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Experience / qualification  
1 
Name : Hemant Rameshchandra Shukla  
Designation : Director  
DIN: 07538650  
Date of appointment : September 07, 2024  Qualification :  
• Bachelor of Commerce, Gujarat 
University  
• Qualified Company Secretary  
• Qualified Cost and Management 
Accountant  
Experience :  
• 40 years of experience in the 
Finance and Secretarial field  
2 
Name : Jayesh Pravinkumar Ganatra  
Designation : Additional Director  
DIN: 10985103  
Date of appointment : February 02, 202 6 Qualification :  
• Qualified Chartered Accountant  
• Qualified Company Secretary  
Experience :  
• 23 years of experience in the 
Finance and Accounts field 
 
11. No director on the board of Acquirer 3 or any person representing Acquirer 3 are acting as directors 
of the Target Company.   
 
12. As on the date of this LoF, there are no common directors on the Board and the board of directors of 
Acquirer 3. 
 
13. As of the date of this LoF, the Acquirer 3 has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities, 
in terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act or unde r any other Regulation made under 
the SEBI Act.  
 
14. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 3 or its directors or key employees have not been categorized nor are appearing in the ‘Wilful 
Default er or a fraudulent borrower’ list issued by any bank, financial institution, or consortium thereof 
in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by Reserve Bank 
of India.  
 
15. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regu lation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 3 or its directors or key employees are not declared as ‘Fugitive Economic Offenders’ under 
Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
16. Apart from the PAC, there are n o person are a cting in concert with Acquirer 3 for the purposes of the 
Offer. While persons may be deemed to be acting in concert with Acquirer 3 in terms of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (“ Deemed PACs ”), however, such Deemed PACs are not 
acting i n concert with the Acquirers for the purposes of the Offer, within the meaning of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
17. Acquirer  3 will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company, held, and acquired, if any, during 
the Offer period i n terms of Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
18. Upon SPA Closing, Acquirer 3 will acquire control over the Target Company and will become 
promoter of the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the promoter and 
member of  the promoter group of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA 
and Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
 
 37 19. The key financial information of Acquirer 3 based on the audited standalone financial statements of 
financial years ended 2026 and 2025 is as mentioned below:   
 
               (INR in crores)  
Statement of Profit and Loss**  
Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Income from operations  - - 
Other Income  - - 
Total Income  - - 
Total Expenditure  0.01 0.00*  
Profit Before 
Depreciation Interest 
and Tax  (0.01)  (0.00)*  
Depreciation  - - 
Interest  - - 
Profit Before Tax  (0.01)  (0.00)*  
Provision of Tax  - - 
Profit After Tax  (0.01)  (0.00)*  
 
                             (INR in crores)  
Balance Sheet**  
Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Source of funds    
Paid up share capital  0.01 0.01 
Reserves and Surplus 
(excluding revaluation 
reserves)  (0.01)  (0.00)*  
Networth  (0.00)*  0.01 
Unsecured loans  0.01 0.01 
Trade Payable  - 0.00 
Other current liabilities  (0.01)* (0.00)*  
Total  (0.00)*  0.02 
Use of funds    
Fixed assets  - - 
Non Current assets  - - 
Current assets  (0.00)*  0.02  
Total  (0.00)*  0.02  
 
Other Relevant Information**  
Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Earnings per share 
(INR)  (10.37 ) (3.60) 
Dividend (%)  Nil Nil 
 
Notes:  
* Denotes amount less than crore  
** The financial information of Acquirer 3 for financial year ended 2024 is not provided as the 
Acquirer 3 was incorporated on September 7, 2024  
 
20. Acquirer 3 does not have any contingent liabilities as at March 31, 202 6.  
 
 
 38 D. Acquirer 4  – Mr. Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal  
 
1. Acquirer 4, i.e., Mr. Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal, s/o Mr. Madhusudan Agrawal, is an individual 
aged about 36 years, residing at Flat No 3204, Tower B, three Sixty West, CTS No. 286 Part, Dr. Annie 
Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra , 400025.  
 
2. Acquirer 4 is the sole trustee of Acquirer 2 and the person in control of Acquirer 1 , Acquirer 3  and 
PAC.  
 
3. Acquirer 4 is an entrepreneur who has built and scaled businesses across sectors and leads a diversified 
group, including premium real estate, QSR ch ain, pharmaceuticals, luxury home products and clean 
energy. He has been recognised in Forbes 30 Under 30 and the Times Young Achiever of the Year, 
2025 and has a strong interest in direct -to-consumer businesses, particularly in the food, retail and 
servic es sectors, where he actively supports brand -led expansion. He has scaled Acquirer 1 into one 
of India's largest homegrown QSR operators, with a network of over 250 (two hundred and fifty) 
kitchens across more than 45 (forty five) cities and brands such as  Chinese Wok, Big Bowl and The 
Momo Co, and is recognised as a value -adding sponsor in the QSR business given his execution 
capability, partnership -driven approach and focus on sustainable growth and value creation.  
 
4. Acquirer 4 is not registered with SEBI in any capacity.  
 
5. Acquirer 4 is not a director of any listed company  in India.  Furthermore , Acquirer 4 is not designated 
as a whole -time director of any company in India.   
 
6. Acquirer 4 holds  director ship in the following unlisted companies in India:  
 
Sr. No.  Name of the Company  Designation  
1 Inspira Infra (Aurangabad) Limited  Director  
2 Inspira Realty & Infra Private Limited  Director  
3 Inspira Exim Enterprise Private Limited  Director  
4 Ganga Builders Private Limited  Director  
5 Seva Home Collection Private Limited  Director  
6 Gabs Investments Private Limited  Director  
7 Inspira Projects Limited  Additional Director  
8 Inspira Buildcon Private Limited  Director  
9 Lenexis Foodworks  Private Limited  Managing Director  
10 Inspira Global Foundation  Director  
11 Inspira Finance Private Limited  Director  
 
7. Acquirer 4  does not hold any Equity Shares of the Target Company. Furthermore, the Acquirer 4  have 
not purchased any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA and the date of 
this LoF. 
 
8. No person representing Acquirer 4 are acting as directors of the  Target Company.   
 
9. As of the date of this LoF, Acquirer 4 has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities, in 
terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other Regulation made under the 
SEBI Act.  
 
10. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 4 has not been categorized nor are appearing in the ‘Wilful Defaulter or a fraudulent 
borrower’ list issued by any bank, financial institution, or consortium thereof in accor dance with the 
guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by Reserve Bank of India.  
 
 
 39 11. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 4 is not declared as ‘Fugitive Economic Offend ers’ under Section 12 of the Fugitive 
Economic Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
12. Apart from the PAC, there are no person are acting in concert with Acquirer 4 for the purposes of the 
Offer. While persons may be deemed to be acting in concert with Acquirer 4 in terms of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (“ Deemed PACs ”), however, such Deemed PACs are not 
acting in concert with the Acquirers for the purposes of the Offer, within the meaning of Regulation 
2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulati ons. 
 
13. Acquirer 4 will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company, held, and acquired, if any, during 
the Offer period in terms of Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
14. Upon SPA Closing, Acquirer 4 will acquire control over the Target Comp any and will become 
promoter of the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the promoter and 
member of the promoter group of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA 
and Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regul ations.  
 
15. The Networth of Acquirer 4 as on March  31, 202 6, is INR 574.49 Crores (Indian Rupees  Five Hundred 
Seventy Four Crores and Forty Nine Lakhs Only)  as certified by Nikunj Raichura and Associates, 
Chartered Accountants through its Proprietor, CA Niku nj Raichura  (Membership No. 180493 and firm 
registration no. 158531W) having their office at B 9 , 1st Floor Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru Cross 
Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400067,  vide their certificate dated May 
25, 2026 , bearing  Unique Document Identification Number (UDIN) – 26180493HHVIRS7506 .  
 
E. PAC – Inspira Agro Trading LLC   
 
1. PAC, i.e., Inspira Agro  trading LLC, is a limited liability company. It was originally incorporated on 
November 19, 2024, as ‘Inspira Agro trading LLC’, in the UAE under the Federal Decree -Law No. 
(32) of 2021 on Commercial Companies. The registered office of the PAC is located at BT1/L09/1 -
16, Burjuman Office Tower, Mankhool Khalid Bin Walid Road PO Box no. 296360, Dubai, UAE.  
 
2. PAC is primarily engaged in the business of trading in dates, grains, cereals, legumes, snack foods, 
dairy products, flour, dried vegetables and fruits,  flavours and fragrances, and vegetables and fruits. 
PAC is an exporter and wholesaler specializing in the global movement of agricultural commodities 
and acts as a strategic link for the Acquirers end to end supply chain, leveraging its presence in major 
middle eastern market.  
 
3. PAC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Inspira Wafi Agro FZ -LLC. Inspira Wafi Agro FZ -LLC is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Inspira Exim Enterprise Private Limited and Acquirer 4 is a person in 
control of Inspira Exim Enterprise Private  Limited and is holding 99.99% (ninety nine decimal point 
nine nine per cent) of its shareholding.  
 
4. PAC is not registered with SEBI in any capacity, and its equity shares are not listed on any stock 
exchange in India or abroad.  
 
5. As on the date of this LoF, the issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of PAC is AED 
1,00,000 (United Arab Emirates Dirhams One Lakh) comprising of 100 (one hundred) equity shares 
having face value of AED 1,000 (United Arab Emirates Dirhams One Thousand). The PAC is a  limited 
liability company incorporated in the United Arabs Emirates. It does not have any shares or other 
instruments listed on Stock Exchanges.  
 
6. The shareholding pattern of PAC as on the date of this LoF is as set out below:   
 
Shareholder ’s category  Num ber of shares held  % of share capital  
Promoter  100 100%  
 
 
 40 7. PAC does not hold any Equity Shares of the Target Company. Furthermore, the PAC have not 
purchased any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA and the date of this 
LoF. 
 
8. As of the date of this LoF, except from the proposed shareholding to be acquired in the Target Company 
pursuant to the SPA , the PAC, its direc tors or key employees do not hold any other interest or maintain 
any other relationship in or with the Target Company.  
 
9. The PAC does not form a part of the current promoter and promoter group of the Target Company.  
 
10. The details of the directors on the boa rd of directors of the PAC as on the date of this LoF are pro vided 
below:  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Experience / qualification  
1 Name : Mr. Maheshkumar Hirji Thakkar  
Designation : Director  
DIN: Not applicable  
Date of appointment : November 26, 
2024  Qualification :   
• Bachelor of Commerce  
Experience :  
• 36 years of experience in the agro -trading 
sector, global trade practices, and market 
strategy  
 
11. No director on the board of PAC or any person representing PAC are acting as directors of the Target 
Company.   
 
12. As on the date of this LoF, there are no common directors on the Board and the board of directors of 
the PAC. 
 
13. As of the date of this LoF, the PAC has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities , in 
terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other Regulation made under the 
SEBI Act.  
 
14. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the PAC 
or its directors or key employees have n ot been categorized nor are appearing in the ‘Wilful Defaulter 
or a fraudulent borrower’ list issued by any bank, financial institution, or consortium thereof in 
accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters or fraudulent borrowers issued by Reserve Bank 
of India.  
 
15. As of the date of this LoF, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the PAC 
or its directors or key employees are not declared as ‘Fugitive Economic Offenders’ under Section 12 
of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act,  2018.  
 
16. PAC will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company, held, and acquired, if any, during the Offer 
period in terms of Regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
17. Upon SPA Closing, PAC will acquire control over the Target Company and will  become promoter of 
the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the promoter and member of the 
promoter group of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms of the SPA, SSA and Regulation 
31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
18. The key financial information of PAC, based on the audited standalone financial statements of 
financial year ended 2026 and 2025, is mentioned below:   
 
 
              (INR in crores)  
Statement of Profit and Loss* * 
 
 41 Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Income from operations  - 2.15 
Other Income  - - 
Total Income  - 2.15 
Total Expenditure  0.23 2.09 
Profit Before 
Depreciation Interest 
and Tax  (0.23)  0.06 
Depreciation  0.00*  0.00*  
Interest  - - 
Profit Before Tax  (0.24)  0.05 
Provision of Tax  - - 
Profit After Tax  (0.24)  0.05 
 
           (INR in crores)  
Balance Sheet* * 
Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Source of funds    
Paid up share capital  0.26 0.23 
Reserves and Surplus 
(excluding revaluation 
reserves)  (0.18)  0.06 
Networth  0.08 0.29 
Secured loans  - - 
Unsecured loans  0.10 0.04 
Other non -current  
Liabilities  0.01 - 
Total  0.19 0.33 
Use of funds    
Fixed assets  0.01 - 
Balance with Banks & 
Cash in Hand  0.06 0.23 
Loans, Advances & 
Deposits  0.12 0.09 
Total  0.19 0.33 
 
Other Relevant Information  
Particulars  Year ended March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  Year ended March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  
Earnings per share 
(INR)  (23,577)  5,396  
Dividend (%)  - - 
 
Notes:  
* Denotes amount less than crore  
** The financial information of P AC for financial year ended 2024 is not provided as the P AC was 
incorporated on November 19, 2024 . 
 
19. PAC does not have major contingent liabilities as at March 31, 202 6.  
 
  
 
 42 V. DETAILS OF THE SELLERS  
 
Name of the  
Sellers(1) Details of 
change in 
the name  
in the past  
(if 
applicable)  Nature of  
entity / 
individual  Group  Part of  
promoter/  
promoter  
group of  
Target 
Company (2) Registered 
office / 
residential 
address  Name 
of the 
Stock 
Exchan
ge 
where 
its 
shares 
are 
listed  Shares or voting rights held in the Target Company 
prior to the Underlying Transactions  
Pre-Underlying 
Transactions  
 Post-Underlying 
Transactions  
 
No. of  
Equity Shares  % vis -à-vis 
total 
Expanded 
Voting 
Share 
Capital  No. of  
Equity 
Shares  % vis -à-vis 
total 
Expanded 
Voting 
Share 
Capital  
QSR Asia 
Pte. Ltd. There have 
been no 
changes to 
the name  Private 
limited 
company 
incorporated 
in Singapore  F&B 
Asia 
Group  Yes 
(promoter)  163, Penang 
Road, #06 -02, 
Winsland 
House II, 
Singapore – 
238463  NA 6,56,23,090  8.20%  Nil Nil 
F&B Asia 
Ventures 
(Singapore) 
Pte Ltd.  There have 
been no 
changes to 
the name  Private 
limited 
company 
incorporated 
in Singapore  F&B 
Asia 
Group  Yes 
(member of 
promoter 
group)  163, Penang 
Road, #06 -02, 
Winsland 
House II, 
Singapore – 
238463  NA 1(1) 0%(3) Nil Nil 
Total    6,56,23,091  8.20%  Nil Nil 
(1) F&B Asia Ventures (Singapore) Pte.  Ltd. is holding 1 (one) Equity Share as a nominee on behalf of 
QSR Asia Pte. Ltd.   
(2) Upon SP A Closing, the Acquirers and the P AC will acquire control over the Target Company and 
will become promoters of the Target Company and the Sellers shall cease to be classified as the 
promoter and member of the promoter group of the Target Company, in accordance with the terms 
of the SP A, SSA and Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
(3) Negligible %.  
 
 
 
  
 
 43 VI. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY   
  
1. The Target Company is a public limited company, was incorporated on November 11, 2013, under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and has its registered office at 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot 
No. D -8., Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra, 40 0093. The CIN of the Target 
Company is L55204MH2013FLC249986. The Target Company was originally incorporated as 
‘Burger King India Private Limited’  vide certificate of incorporation issued by Registrar of Companies 
at Mumbai. Subsequently, the name of the Target Company was changed to 'Burger King Limited'  vide 
fresh certificate of incorporation dated September 25, 2019 issued by Registrar of Companies at 
Mumbai. The name of the Target Company was changed to its current name ‘Restaurant Brands Asia 
Limited’  vide a fresh certificate of incorporation dated February 2, 2022 issued by the Registrar of 
Companies, at Mumbai . The contact details of the Target Company are: telephone number: +91 22 
7193 3000; and email address: investor@burgerking.in.  
 
2. The Target Co mpany is engaged in the business of developing, opening, and operating and licensing 
to develop, open, and operate restaurants as master franchisee of the BURGER KING® brand in India 
through the Target Company and BURGER KING® brand and POPEYES® brand in I ndonesia 
through its respective Subsidiaries .  
 
3. The Equity Shares of the Target Company bearing ISIN ‘INE07T201019’ are presently listed with 
Scrip Code ‘543248’ on BSE and symbol ‘RBA’ on NSE.  
 
4.  As on the date of this LoF, the total authorised share capi tal of the Target Company is INR 
900,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Nine  Hundred Crores) di vided into 90,00,00,000 ( ninety  crores) Equity 
Shares having a face value of INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) each and the total issued, subscribed, and 
paid-up share capital of Target Company is INR 5,82, 87,62,870 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred and 
Eighty Two Crores Eight y Seven  Lakhs Sixty Two  Thousand Eight  Hundred and Seventy ) divided 
into 58,2 8,76,287 (fifty eight crores twenty eight lakhs sevent y six thousand two hundred and eighty  
seven ) Equity Shares   (excluding 1,18,571  (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one ) 
ESOPs which  have been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Company under 
the BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending  allotment , corporate action and 
receipt of the listing and trading approvals ).  
 
5. As on the date of this LoF, the Target Company has only 1 (one) class of Equity Shares and there are 
no: (i) partly paid -up shares; (ii) Equity Shares carrying differential voting rights; (iii) outstanding 
instruments in warrants (apart from the Subscripti on Warrants to be issued and allotted to Acquirer 1 
in accordance with the terms of the SSA), or fully or partly convertible debentures/preference shares, 
etc., which are convertible into Equity Shares at a later stage (apart from the outstanding ESOPs 
granted by the Target Company); (iv) Equity Shares which are forfeited or kept in abeyance; and (v) 
Equity Shares that are subject to lock -in (apart from the Subscription Securities to be issued to the 
Acquirers in  accordance with the  terms of the SSA).  
 
6. As on the date of this LoF, the Target Company has 38,87,995 (thirty eight lakhs eighty seven thousand 
nine hundred and ninety five)  outstanding ESOPs that have been granted by the Target Company 
(excluding  1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand  five hundred and  seventy one ) ESOPs which have  
been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target Company under  the BK 
Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015  which are pending allotment,  corporate action and receipt of 
the listing and trading approvals ). 
 
7. As on the date of this LoF, the Equity Shares of the Target Company are ‘frequently traded ’ in terms 
of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . Further details are pro vided in Section V II 
(Offer Price and Financial Arrangements) of this LoF. 
 
8. As on the date of this LoF, the share capital structure of the Target Company is as below:  
 
Paid up Equity Shares  No. of shares/voting rights  % of shares/voting rights  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares  58,28, 76,287(1) 100%  
Partly paid -up Equity Shares  NIL NIL 
 
 44 Total paid -up Equity Shares  58,28, 76,287 (1) 100%  
Total voting rights  58,28, 76,287 (1) 100%  
(1)  Excluding 1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one) ESOPs which 
have been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the  Target  Company under the 
BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment , corporate action and 
receipt of the listing and trading approvals . 
 
9. As on date of this LOF, the entire issued, subscribed and paid -up equity share capital of the Target 
Company  is listed on the Stock Exchanges and has not been suspended from trading by any  of the 
Stock Exchanges. As on date of this LOF, there are no outstanding Equity Shares that have been issued 
but not listed on any Stock Exchange  (please note that  1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five 
hundred and seventy one) ESOPs have been exercise d on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the 
Target Company under the BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 but are pending allotment, 
corporate action and receipt of the listing and trading approvals).  
 
10. During the last 3 (three) years  from the date of t his LoF, the Target Company has not undertaken any 
activities with respect to a merger/demerger and spin off.  
 
11. The composition  of the Board of the Target Company as of the date of this LoF are pro vided below. 
As on date of this LOF, no director on the Board of the Target Company is representing the Acquirer s 
or PAC . It may be noted that one of the non -executive directors of the Target Company i.e. Mr. Ajay 
Kaul holds a 2 .00% (two per cent) equity stake in Acquirer 1 without any special rights and benefi ts. 
 
Name  DIN Designation  Date of appointment  
Mrs. Tara Subramania m 07654007  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director, 
Chairperson  October 14, 2019  
Re-appointed on 
October 14, 2024  
Mr. Rajeev Varman  03576356  Whole -time Director and 
Group Chief Executive 
Officer  February 27, 2014  
Mr. Sandeep Chaudhary  06968827  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  October 14, 2019  
Re-appointed on 
October 14, 2024  
Mr. Yash Gupta  00299621  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  January 29, 2024  
Mr. Andrew John Day 10712889  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  July 29, 2024  
Mr. Rafael Odorizzi De 
Oliviera  09492506  Non-Executive – Non-
Independent Director  February 03, 2022  
Mr. Ajay Kaul  00062135  Non-Executive – Non-
Independent Director  October 29, 2018  
Mr. Amit Manocha  01864156  Non-Executive – Non-
Independent Director  July 07, 2016  
Ms. Roshini Bakshi  01832163  Non-Executive – Non-
Independent Director  August 23, 2023  
 
12. There are no common directors on the Board  of the Target Company  and the board of directors of the 
Acquirer s or PAC . 
 
13. There are no instances of non -compliance, with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  by members of 
promoter/promoter group of the Target Company along with persons acti ng in concert for which SEBI 
may initiate suitable action against the said entity(ies).  
 
 
 45 14. The key financial information of the Target Company based on its audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial years ended on March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 
2026 are as follows   
 
(INR in crores ) 
Statement of Profit and Loss  
Particulars  Audited consolidated financial statements for the 
financial years ending  
March 31, 202 6 March 31, 202 5 March 31, 202 4 
Income from operations  2,822.64  2,550.72  2,437.06  
Other Income  48.62  31.17  18.50  
Total Income  2,871.26  2,581.89  2,455.56  
Total Expenditure  3,075.39  2,814.68  2,692.29  
Profit Before Depreciation 
Interest and Tax  374.63 299.58  260.64  
Interest  189.38  160.89  141.25  
Profit Before Tax  -204.13  -232.79  -236.74  
Profit After Tax  -204.13  -232.79  -236.74  
(INR in crores ) 
Balance Sheet  
Particulars  Audited consolidated financial statements for the 
financial years ending  
March 31, 
2026 March 31, 
2025 March 31, 202 4 
Source of funds     
Paid up share capital  582.88  582.07  496.37  
Reserves and Surplus (excluding 
revaluation reserves)  105.71  312.10  132.43  
Networth  688.59  894.17  628.80  
Secured loans  269.85  295.57  170.20  
Unsecured loans  - - - 
Total  269.85  295.57  170.20  
Use of funds     
Net fixed assets  1,201.74  1,078.12  1,067.91  
Investments  137.86  23.55  82.99  
Net Current assets  -385.54  -89.74  -426.84  
Total miscellaneous expenditure 
not written off  - - - 
Total  954.06  1,011.92  724.05  
 
Other Financial Data  
Particulars  Audited consolidated financial statements for 
the financial years ending  
March 31, 
2026 March 31, 
2025 March 31, 
2024 
Dividend (%)  0% 0% 0% 
Earnings per share (INR)  (Diluted)   
-3.19                                     
-4.33                                   
-4.40  
Book value per share#  11.81                                             
15.36                                          
12.67  
Return on networth*  -26% -31% -32% 
#Book value per share calculated as networth/total no. of equity shares.  
 
 46 *Return on networth calculated as profit after tax for the period/((opening networth +closing 
networth)/2)  
 
15. The shareholding pattern of the Target Company pre -Open Offer an d post -Open Offer is as follows:  
 
Shareholder
s’ Category  Shareholding / voting 
rights prior to the 
Agreements / 
acquisition and offer  
(as of Identified Date) 
(8) Shareholding / voting 
rights agreed to be 
acquired which 
triggered the SEBI 
(SAST) 
Regulations(1)(2) Shareholding / 
voting rights to be 
acquired in the 
Offer (assuming full 
acceptances)  Shareholding / voting 
rights after the 
Underlying 
Transaction  and the 
Open Offer (assuming 
full acceptances) (1) (2) 
(A) (B) (C) (A)+(B)+(C)=(D)  
No %(3) No %(4) No %(4) No %(4) 
(1) 
Promoter / 
Promoter  
Group          
a. Parties to 
SPA, if any  6,56,23,091  11.26%  - - - - - - 
b. Promoters 
other than 
(a) above  - - - - - - - - 
Total 1 
(a+b)  6,56,23,091  11.26%  - - - - - - 
(2) 
Acquirers  
and PAC      
 
     
a. Acquirer 1  - - 27,99,08,104  34.98%  20,80,61,717 
(5) 26% (5) 48,79,69,821 
(5) (5)60.98
% 
b. Acquirer 2  - - 200 0% (7) - - 200 0% (7) 
c. Acquirer 3  - - 200 0% (7) - - 200 0% (7) 
d. Acquirer 4  - - 200 0% (7) - - 200 0% (7) 
e. PAC  - - 100 0% (7) - - 100 0% (7) 
Total (2) 
(a+b 
+c+d+e)  - - 27,99,08,804  34.98%  20,80,61,717 
(5) 26% (5) 48,79,70,521 
(5) 60.98%(5
) 
(3) Parties 
to 
agreement 
other than 
(1) (a) & (2)  - - - - - - - - 
(4) Public 
(other than 
parties to 
Agreement, 
Acquirers)          
a. FIs/ MFs/ 
FIIs/ Bank, 
SFIs /AIF/ 
NBFCs/ 
Insurance 
Companies  33,99,58,321  58.32%  - - (20,80,61,717
) (5) (26%) 
(5) 31,22,66,852  
(5)(6) 
 39.02%(5
)(6) 
 
b. Others  17,72,94,875  30.42  % - - 
Total (4) 
(a+b)  51,72,53,196  88.74%  - - - - 
 
 47 GRAND 
TOTAL 
(1+2+3+4)  58,28,76,287   100%  27,99,08,804  34.98%  - - 80,02,37,373(5
)(9) 100%(5)(9
) 
 
(1) As per the terms of the SP A, the inter -se proportion of Sale Shares to be acquired by the Acquirers and the 
P AC, respectively, may be modified inter -se amongst the Acquirers and the P AC in accordance with the 
terms of the SP A and the same shall be intimated by the Acquirers and P AC. The aggregate number of Sale 
Shares to be acqu ired by the Acquirers and P AC, collectively, will remain the same.  
(2) Assuming that Acquirer 1 exercises and converts all the Subscription Warrants into Equity Shares of the 
Target Company.   
(3) Calculated as a percentage of the total issued and fully paid -up equity share capital of the Target Company 
as on Identified Date (excluding 1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one) 
ESOPs which have been exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target Company under 
the BK Employee Stock Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment  ,corporate action and receipt 
of the listing and trading approvals ). 
(4) Calculated as a percentage of Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
(5) Assumi ng all Offer Shares  validly tendered by the Public Shareholders under this Open Offer are acquired 
by Acquirer 1.  
(6) Calculated basis the total voting equity share capital the Target Company on a Fully Diluted Basis held 
by Public Shareholders of the Target Company as of the DLoF  Date ,(including 31,33,925 (thirty one lakhs 
thirty three thousand nine hundred and twenty five)  ESOPs , as of the DLoF  Date,  which are vested  / to be 
vested until January 31, 2027 ). Please note that  from the DLoF  Date till date of this LoF , 1,27,769 (one 
lakh twenty seven thousand seven hundred and sixty nine) ESOPs have lapsed.  
(7) Negligible %.  
(8) Calculated basis the total issued and fully paid -up equity share capital of the Target Company as on 
Identified Date (excluding 1,18,571 (one lakh eighteen thousand five hundred and seventy one) ESOPs 
exercised on May 21, 2026 by identified employee of the Target Company under the BK Employee Stock 
Option Scheme 2015 which are pending allotment , corporate action and receipt of the listing and trading 
approvals ). 
(9) Calculated basis the total voting equity share capital of the Target Company on a Fully Diluted Basis of 
the Target Company as of DLoF Date (i ncluding (i) 31,33,925 (thirty one lakhs thirty three thousand nine 
hundred and twenty five)  ESOPs  as of DLoF Date ( which are vested  / to be vested until January 31, 2027 ); 
and (ii) 12,85,71,428 (twelve crores eighty five lakhs seventy one thousand four hundred and twenty eight) 
Subscription Shares and 8,57,14,285 (eight c rores fifty seven lakhs fourteen thousand two hundred and 
eighty five) Subscription Warrants (on as is converted or exchanged basis) to be allotted by the Target 
Company to the relevant Acquirer s in terms of the SSA ). Please note that  from the DLoF Date ti ll date of 
this LoF , 1,27,769 (one lakh twenty seven thousand seven hundred and sixty nine)  ESOPs have lapsed.  
  
 
 
  48 VII. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  
  
A. Justification of Offer Price  
  
1. The Offer Price is INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy ) along with the Applicable Interest of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise 
Thirty Nine ) per Offer Share.  
 
2. The Equity Shares of the Target Company bearing ISIN ‘INE07T201019’ are presently listed with Scrip Code 
‘543248’ on BSE and symbol ‘RBA’ on NSE.  
 
3. The trading turno ver in the Equity Shares of the Target Company on the Stock Exchanges having nationwide 
trading terminal based on trading volume during the 12 calendar months prior to the month of PA (i.e. from January 
1, 2025, up to December 31, 2025) have been obtained from www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, as given 
below:  
 
Stock 
Exchange  Total no. of Equity Shares 
traded during the Relevant 
Period  (A) Weighted average number of 
Total Equity Shares during the 
Relevant Period (B)  Trading turnover 
percentage (A/B)  
NSE  59,54,69,772  56,24,17,392  105.88%  
BSE 5,10,49,365  56,24,17,392  9.08%  
(Source: Certificate dated January 20, 2026 bearing Unique Document Identification Number (UDIN) – 
26180493VUIMCX3232 issued by Nikunj Raichura (Membership No.: 180493), Proprietor of Nikunj Raichura and 
Associates, Chartered Accountants, Firm Registration No. 158531W.)  
 
4. Based on the above, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Equity Shares of the 
Target Company are frequently traded on the NSE, being the stock exchange where the maximum volume of 
trading in the shares of the Target Company has been recorded.  
 
5. The Offer Pric e of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy ) per Equity Share is determined in terms of Regulation 8 and 
other applicable regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, being the highest of:  
 
Clause  
Reference  Particulars  Price  
Clause (a) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  The highest negotiated price per share of the  Target Company for 
any acquisition under the  agreement attracting the obligation to 
make a PA of the Open Offer i.e. the Highest Negotiated Price 
under the SSA and SPA attracting the obligations to make a PA for 
the Offer.  INR 70.00  
Clause (b) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  The volume -weighted average price paid or payable for 
acquisition(s) by Acquirers or the PAC, during the 52 weeks 
immediately preceding the date of PA  Not applicable  
Clause (c) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  The highest price paid or payable for any acquisition by Acquirers 
or the PAC, during the 26 weeks immediately preceding the date 
of PA  Not applicable  
Clause (d) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  The volume -weighted average market price of Equity Shares for a 
period of 60 trading days immediately preceding the date of PA as 
traded on NSE where the maximum volume of trading in the 
Equity Shares of the Target Company are recorded during such 
period, pro vided such shares are frequently traded  INR 64.96  
Clause (e) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  Where the Equity Shares are not frequently traded, the price 
determined by Acquirers and the Manager considering valuation 
parameters per Equity Share including, book value, comparable 
trading multiples, and such other parame ters as are customary for 
valuation of Equity Shares   Not Applicable, 
since the shares of 
the Target 
Company are 
frequently traded.  
 
 
  49 Clause (f) of 
Regulation 8 (2)  The per equity share value computed under Regulation 8(5) of 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if app licable  Not Applicable, 
since this is not an 
indirect acquisition 
of Equity Shares  
 
6. The Offer Price of INR 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Equity Share which represents the highest of the 
parameters prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Nikunj Raichura (Membership No. 180493), 
Proprietor at Nikunj Raichura and Associates, Chartered  Accountants (Firm Registration No. 158531W), located 
at B 9 1st Floor Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru Cross Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 
400067, has , vide certificate dated January 20, 2026  bearing Unique Document Identification Num ber (UDIN)  – 
26180493VUIMCX3232 , confirmed the aforesaid computation of the Offer Price.  
 
7. Since the date of the PA till the date of this LoF, there have been no corporate actions by the Target Company 
warranting adjustment of the relevant price parameters under Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
8. The Offer Price may be adjusted by the Acquirers, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, in the event of 
any corporate actions like bonus, rights issue, stock split, consolidation, di vidend, de mergers, reduction, etc. where 
the record date for effecting such corporate action(s) falls prior to the 3rd (third) Working Day before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
9. As on the date of this LoF, there is no revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size. In case of any revision in the Offer 
Price or Offer Size, the Acquirers shall comply with applicable provisions of Regulation 18 of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations and any other provision s of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations which are required to be fulfilled for the 
said revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size.  In addition to the Offer Price, the Acquirer is required to pay 
Applicable Interest in terms of Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of th e SEBI (SAST) Regulations as explained in 
paragraph 10 of Part A ( Justification of Offer Price ) of Section VI I (Offer Price and Financial Arrangements ) 
below.  
 
10. SEBI vide the SEBI Extension Letter dated May 11, 2026,  approved the extension for commencement of the 
Tendering Period for the Open Offer (due to delay in receipt of the CCI Approvals) and has directed the Acquirers 
to pay the applicable interest, in terms of Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations which 
is at the rate of 10% (ten percent) per annum for the period of delay in making payment of the Offer Price of INR 
70 (Indian Rupees Seventy) per Equity Share. The calculation of period of delay and interest is provided below:  
 
Particulars  Date  
Last date of completion of payment of consideration to 
the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, if the 
Tendering Period for the Open Offer had opened on 
May 19, 2026 , based on the schedule of activities 
determined on the basis of the SEBI Observation  Letter  June 16, 2026  
Last date of completion of payment of consideration to 
the Public Shareholders of the Target Company 
assuming the tendering period for the Open Offer 
commences on the last date as prescribed under 
Regulation 18(8) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  July 6, 2026  
 
Number of days of 
delay  Offer Price without 
interest on delayed 
payment  Applicable Interest for 
20 days of delay  Offer Price plus the 
Applicable Interest  
20 INR 70  INR 0.39  INR 70.39  
 
11. In terms of Regulations 18(4) and 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirers may revise the Offer Price 
or the size of the Offer at any time prior to commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period. In the event of such revisions, the A cquirers shall: (i) make corresponding 
increase to the escrow amount, (ii) make a public announcement in the same newspapers in which the DPS has 
been published, and (iii) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock 
Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered office of such revision. However, the Acquirer s and/or the 
 
 
  50 PACs shall not make any such acquisition after the 3rd (third) Working Day prior to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period and until the expiry of  the Tendering Period.  
 
12. If the Acquirers or the PAC acquire Equity Shares during the period of 26 (twenty six) weeks after the Tendering 
Period at a price higher than the Offer Price per Equity Share, then the Acquirer s shall pay the difference between 
the highest acquisition price and the Offer Price, to all Public Shareholders whose shares have been accepted in 
the Open Offer within 60 (sixty) days from the date of such acquisition. However, no such difference shall be  paid 
in the event that such acquisition is made under another open offer under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, or 
pursuant to the SEBI (Delisting) Regulations, as amended, or open market purchases made in the ordinary course 
on the Stock Exchanges, not being  a negotiated acquisition of Equity Shares in any form.  
 
13. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in this Open Offer by the Public Shareholders, is more 
than the Offer Size, then the Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a 
proportionate basis, in consultat ion with the Manager to the Offer subject to a maximum of 20,80,61,717 (twenty 
crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and seventeen) Equity Shares, representing 26.00% (twenty 
six per cent) of the Expanded V oting Share Capital.  
 
B. Financial Arr angements  
  
1. The total consideration for the Offer Size at the Offer Price  along with the Applicable Interest , assuming full 
acceptance of the Open Offer, is INR 1464,54,64,260 (Indian Rupees One Thousand Four Hundred and Sixty -
Four  Crores Fifty Four Lakhs  Sixty Four  Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty) (“Maximum Open Offer 
Consideration ”).  
 
2. The Acquirers have confirmed that they have made firm financial arrangements to fulfil the payment obligations 
under this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 25(1) of the SEB I (SAST) Regulations and the Acquirers are able to 
implement this Open Offer. `  
 
3. Nikunj Raichura and Associates, Chartered Accountants through its Proprietor, Nikunj Raichura, (Membership 
No. 180493 and firm registration no. 158531W) having their office at  B 9 1st Floor Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru 
Cross Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400067, vide their certificate dated January 20, 
2026  bearing Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 26180493BUAKSN2894 , has certified that the Acquirer s 
have sufficient resources to meet the full obligations of the Offer.  
 
4. In accordance with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirers have opened an escrow account 
under the name and title of “AAYUSH AGRAWAL TRUST - OPEN OFFER ESCROW AC” ( the “ Escrow 
Account ”) with RBL Bank Limited, a scheduled commercial bank in India, acting through its office at Shahupuri, 
Kolhapur - 416 001 (the “ Escrow Agent ”) pursuant to an escrow agreement dated January 20, 2026 executed 
between the Manager, the Acquirers and the Escrow Agent (the “ Escrow Agreement ”) and has made a cash 
deposit in the Escrow Account of a sum of INR 14,60,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Fourteen Crores and Sixty Lakhs) 
on January 20, 2026, (“ Cash Escrow Amount ”), and has been confirmed  vide a confirmation letter dated January 
21, 2026, issued by the Escrow Agent . Further, pursuant to the Applicable Interest required to be paid by the 
Acquirer, the Acquirer has made an additional deposit of INR 15,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees F ifteen  Lakhs)  in the 
Escrow Account (“ Additional Cash Escrow Amount ”) the Aggregate of the Cash Escrow Amount and the 
Additional Cash Escrow Amount is in excess of 1 .00% (one per cent)  of the Maximum Open Offer Consideration 
in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
5. By way of security for performance by the Acquirers of their obligations under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer 2 has furnished an unconditional and irrevocable bank guarantee dated January 20, 2026 from RBL Bank 
Limited (“ Bank Guarantee ”), for an amount of INR 220,65,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty 
Crores and Sixty Five Lakhs), in favour of the Manager to the Open Offer, which is in excess of the requirements 
specified under Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (i.e. 25.00% (twenty five per cent) of the first INR 
500,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred Crores) of the Maximum Open Offer Consideration and 10.00% (ten 
per cent) of the remainder of the Maximum Open Offer Consideration). On May 19 , 2026, the amount under the 
Bank  Guarantee was increased to INR 22 1,65,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty  One Crores and 
Sixty Five Lakhs) . The bank issuing the Bank Guarantee is neither an associate company nor a group company of 
the Acquirers, or the Target Company. The Man ager to the Open Offer has been duly authorized to realize the 
value of the Cash Escrow Amount and Bank Guarantee in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The Bank 
 
 
  51 Guarantee together with the Cash Escrow Amount, is in excess of the amount required for comp liance with 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI(SAST) Regulations.  
 
6. The Manager to the Open Offer is duly authorized to operate the Escrow Account and the Escrow Account to the 
exclusion of all others and has been duly empowered to realize the value of the Escrow A ccount in terms of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
7. The Acquirers have confirmed that they have, and they will continue to have and maintain sufficient means and 
firm arrangements to enable compliance with its payment obligations under this Open Offer.  
 
8. Based on the aforesaid financial arrangements and on the confirmations received from the Escrow Banker and the 
Chartered Accountant, the Manager to the Open Offer is satisfied (a) about the adequacy of resources of the 
Acquirers to meet the financial requi rements of the Open Offer and the ability of the Acquirers to implement the 
Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and (b) that firm arrangements for payments 
through verifiable means are in place to fulfil the Open Offer obligations.  
 
9. In case of upward revision of the Offer Price and/or the Offer Size, the Acquirers would deposit appropriate 
additional amount into an Escrow Account to ensure compliance with Regulation 17(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, prior to effecting such revisio n.  
 
 
  52 VIII.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
  
A. General  Conditions  
  
1. The Acquirers and PAC are making this Offer to all Public Shareholders to acquire up to 20,80,61,717 (twenty 
crores eighty lakhs sixty one  thousand seven hundred and seventeen)  fully paid -up Equity Shares constituting 
26.00% (twenty six per  cent) of the Expanded V oting Share Capital of the Target Company, subject to the terms 
and conditions mentioned in the PA, DPS and th is LoF.   
 
2. The Open Offer is being made by the Acquirers  and PAC  to: (a) all the Public Shareholders, whose names appear 
in the register of members of the Target Company as of the close of business on the Identified Date; (b) the 
beneficial owners of the Equity Shares whose n ames appear as beneficiaries on the records of the respective 
Depositories, as of the close of business on the Identified Date; and (c) those persons who acquire the Equity 
Shares any time prior to the Offer Closing Date but who are not the registered Publ ic Shareholders. The LoF shall 
be sent to all Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares whose names appear in the register of members of the 
Target Company and the records of the respective Depositories on the Identified Date.   
 
3. The Identified Date for th is Open Offer as per the indicative schedule of key activities is Friday, May 22, 2026 . 
The Identified Date is only for the purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to whom the 
LoF would be sent. It is clarified that all the Public Sh areholders (even if they acquire Equity Shares and become 
shareholders of the Target Company after the Identified Date) are eligible to participate in the Open Offer.   
 
4. As per the tentative schedule of major activities, the Tendering Period for the Offer shall commence on Monday, 
June 8, 2026  and close on Friday, June 19, 2026  (both days inclusive).  
 
5. The acceptance of this Open Offer is entirely at the discretion of the P ublic Shareholders of the Target Company. 
The Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares, in dematerialised form or physical form, in the Offer at 
any time during the Tendering Period.   
 
6. Subject to the receipt of the Required Statutory Approval or  other conditions/ requirements as specified in 
paragraph 1 of Part D (Statutory and Other Approvals)  of Section VIII (Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer)  
of this LoF, the Acquirers have up to 10 (ten) Working Days from the Offer Closing Date to pay the consideration 
to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are accepted in the Open Offer.   
 
7. The marketable lot for the Equity Shares for the purpose of this Offer s hall be 1 (one) only. Public Shareholders 
can participate in the Offer by offering their shareholding in whole or in part.  
 
8. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the LoF will constitute a binding 
agreement between the Ac quirers and the tendering holder, including the tendering holder’s acceptance of the 
terms and conditions of the LoF.   
 
9. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that they have good and 
valid title on the Equit y Shares. The Equity Shares tendered under the Offer shall be fully paid -up, free from all 
liens, charges, equitable interests and encumbrances and shall be tendered together with all rights attached thereto, 
including all rights to dividends and rights to  participate in, bonus and rights issues, if any, and the tendering 
Public Shareholder shall have obtained all necessary consents for it to sell the Equity Shares on the foregoing 
basis.   
 
10. All Public Shareholders, including non -residents holders of Equity  Shares, must obtain all requisite approvals 
required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit 
such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such a pprovals are not 
submitted, the Acquirers reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders 
of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including NRIs, FIIs and FPIs) had required any 
previous ap provals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by 
them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the 
Equity Shares, to tender the Offer Shares, a long with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this 
Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserve the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
11. Public Shareholders classified as OCB, if any, may tender the Equity Sha res held by them in the Open Offer 
pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
 
 
  53 and regulations made thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI independently to seek approval to tender the 
Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, 
the non -resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission and 
clarify whether the Equity Shares ar e held on repatriable basis or non -repatriable basis.  
 
12. Public Shareholders to whom the Open Offer is being made are free to tender the Equity Shares held by them in 
the Target Company, in whole or in part, while accepting the Offer. The acceptance must be unconditional, absolute 
and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Offer, which is conditional or incomplete applications, including non -
submission of necessary enclosures, if any, is liable to be rejected without assigning any reason whatsoever. 
Further, in case the documents/forms submitted are incomplete and/or if they have any defect or modifications, 
the acceptance is liable to be rejected.   
 
13. In terms of Regulation 18(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Public Shareholders who tender their Equity 
Shares in acceptance of this Offer shall not be entitled to withdraw such acceptance during the Tendering Period 
or thereafter.   
 
14. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations.   
 
15. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
16. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer will be made by the Acquirers in consultation with 
the Manager to the Open Offer. All the Equity Shares validly tendered under this Offer will be acquired by the 
Acquirers in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the L oF, to the exten t of the Offer Size.   
 
17. Copies of PA , DPS and the DLoF are available and copies of the L oF (including Form of Acceptance) is expected 
to be available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in.  
 
18. The L oF shall be sent to all Public Shareholders whose names appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company on the Identified Date. Accidental omission to dispatch the L oF to any Public Shareholder to whom this 
Offer has been made or non -receipt of the L oF by any such Public Shareholder shall not invalidate  this Offer in 
any manner whatsoever. In case of non -receipt of the L oF, Public Shareholders, including those who have acquired 
Equity Shares after the Identified Date, if they so desire, may download the L oF and the Form of Acceptance from 
the website of the Registrar to the Offer (www.in.mpms.mufg.com) or the Stock Exchanges (www.bseindia.com; 
www.nseindia.com).   
 
19. The instructions, authorizations and provisions contained in the Form of Acceptance constitute an integral part of 
the terms of the Open Offer . The Public Shareholders can write to the Registrar to the Offer/Manager to the Open 
Offer requesting for the Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance. Alternatively, the Letter of Offer along 
with the Form of Acceptance will also be available at  SEBI’s website (www.sebi.gov.in) and the Public 
Shareholders can also apply by downloading such forms from the website.   
 
20. Any Equity Shares that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due to pending court 
cases/attachment orders/restric tion from other statutory authorities wherein the Public Shareholder may be 
precluded from transferring the Equity Shares during pendency of the said litigation, are liable to be rejected if 
directions/orders are passed regarding the free transferability o f such Equity Shares tendered under the Open Offer 
prior to the date of closure of the Tendering Period.   
 
21. The Acquirers, PAC, the Manager to the Open Offer and the Registrar to the Offer do not accept any responsibility 
for any loss of documents during t ransit (including but not limited to Form of Acceptance, delivery instruction 
slips, original share certificates, share transfer forms, etc.), and Public Shareholders are advised to adequately 
safeguard their interest in this regard.   
 
22. There has been no r evision in the Offer Price or Offer Size as of the date of this LoF. In addition to the Offer Price, 
the Acquirer is required to pay Applicable Interest in terms of Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  read with SEBI Extension Lett er. The Acquirers reserve their right to revise the Offer Price and/or the 
Offer Size at any time prior to the commencement of 1 (one) Working Day before the commencement of the 
Tendering Period, in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regul ations. In the event of a revision 
 
 
  54 in the Offer Price or Offer Size, the Acquirers shall: (a) make corresponding increases to the Escrow Amount in 
the Escrow Account; (b) make a public announcement in the same newspapers in which the DPS has been 
published ; and (c) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock Exchanges, 
and the Target Company at its registered office of such revision. In case of any revision of the Offer Price, the 
Acquirers will pay such revised price f or all the Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open Offer and accepted 
under the Open Offer in accordance with the terms of the LoF.   
 
B. Locked -in Equity Shares   
 
The locked -in Equity Shares, if any, held by Public Shareholders, may be tendered in the Op en Offer and 
transferred to the Acquirers subject to the continuation of the residual lock -in period in the hands of the Acquirers, 
as may be permitted under applicable law. The Manager to the Open Offer shall ensure that there shall be no 
discrimination i n the acceptance of locked -in and non -locked -in Equity Shares.  
 
C. Eligibility for accepting the Offer   
 
1. All Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, who hold Equity Shares at any time before the Offer Closing 
Date are eligible to tender such Equity Shares in this Open Offer (subject to the approvals that they may need to 
obtain as stated in Part D (Statutory and Other Approvals)  of Section VIII (Terms and Conditions of the Open 
Offer)  of this LOF.   
 
2. Persons who have acquired Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company on the Identified Date, or unregis tered owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after the 
Identified Date, or those who have not received the LoF, may also participate in this Open Offer. No indemnity 
shall be required from unregistered shareholders.   
 
3. The acceptance of this Open Offer by Public Shareholders must be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of 
this Open Offer which is conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any reason 
whatsoever. Accidental omission to send LoF to any person to wh om the Offer is made or the non -receipt or 
delayed receipt of the LoF by any such person will not invalidate the Offer in any way.   
 
4. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, as amended and SEBI’s press release 
dated 3 Dece mber 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed 
unless the securities are held in dematerialised form with a depository with effect from 1 April 2019. However, in 
accordance with the circular issued b y SEBI bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 
dated 31 July 2020, shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an open offer. 
Such tendering shall be as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulation s. Accordingly, Public Shareholders 
holding Equity  Shares in physical form are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the 
provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The procedure for tendering to be followed by the eligible Public  
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form is detailed in Section IX (Procedure for Acceptance and 
Settlement of the Offer) .   
 
5. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be made by the Acquirers in consultation with the 
Manager t o the Open Offer. If the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders under this 
Offer is more than the Offer Size, then the Offer Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders will be 
accepted on a proportionate basis, in consu ltation with the Manager to the Open Offer subject to acquisition of a 
maximum of 20,80,61,717 (twenty crores eighty lakhs sixty one thousand seven hundred and seventeen)  Equity 
Shares, representing 26 .00% (twenty six per  cent) of the Expanded Share Capita l.   
 
6. Further, in case the documents/forms submitted are incomplete and/or if they have any defect or modifications, 
the acceptance is liable to be rejected.  The acceptance of this Open Offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public 
Shareholder(s) of th e Target Company.   
 
7. For any assistance, please contact the Manager to the Open Offer or the Registrar to the Offer.   
 
D. Statutory and other approvals  
 
 
 
  55 1. The consummation of the Proposed Transaction is subject to the receipt of the Required Statutory Approval s, as 
applicable : i.e., (a) the Acquirers and PAC having received the CCI Approval; and (b) the Target Company having 
received the SE In -principle Approval  in respect of the Preferential Issue ; and the Underlying Transactions are 
subject to the satisfaction of other conditions precedent specified in the SPA and the SSA , as applicable  (unless 
waived in accordance with the terms thereof) . Apart from the Required Statutory Approvals , there are no other 
statutory or governmental approvals required fo r the consummation of the Proposed Transaction. However, if any 
other statutory or governmental approval(s) are required or become applicable at a later date before closure of the 
Tendering Period, the Proposed Transaction shall be subject to such statutor y or governmental approvals and the 
Acquirers and the PAC shall make the necessary applications for obtaining such statutory approvals.  
  
2. In relation to the Required Statutory Approvals, please note that the Target Company has received the SE In -
principal Approval, from each of the Stock Exchanges vide their respective letters dated February 27, 2026. 
Additionally the Acquirers and the PAC h ave received the CCI Approval  vide notice dated May 20, 2026.   
 
3. In addition to the above Required Statutory Approvals , as applicable , the consummation of the Underlying 
Transaction and completion of the Open Offer is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver  (in accordance with the SSA 
and the SPA) of the conditions precedent s of the SSA and the SPA , as applicable  (as set out in paragraph s 2(a) and 
3(a) of Part A (Background of the Offer)  of Section III (Details of the Offer)  respectively of this LoF), as applicable . 
 
4. The Acquirers shall complete all procedures relating to payment of consideration under this Offer within a period 
of 10 (ten) Working Days from the last date of the Tendering Period to those Public Shareholders wh o have 
tendered Equity Shares and are found valid and are accepted for acquisition by Acquirers.  
 
5. The Acquirers and PAC in terms of Regulation 18(11) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, are responsible to pursue all 
statutory approvals in order to complete this Of fer without any default, neglect or delay. In the event, the Acquirers 
are unable to make the payment to the Public Shareholders who have accepted this Offer within such period owing 
to non -receipt of statutory approvals required by the Acquirers and the P AC, SEBI may, where it is satisfied that 
such non -receipt was not attributable to any wilful default, failure or neglect on the part of the Acquirers and PAC 
to diligently pursue such approvals, grant extension of time for making payments, subject to the A cquirers agreeing 
to pay interest to the shareholders for the delay at such rate as may be specified. In addition, where any statutory 
approval extends to some but not all the Public Shareholders, the Acquirers shall have the option to make payment 
to such  Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory approvals are required to complete this Offer. 
Consequently, payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company whose Equity Shares 
have been accepted in this Offer as well as the return of the Equity Shares not accepted by the Acquirers may be 
delayed.  
 
6. In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if there is any delay 
in making payment to the Public Shareholders who have accepted this Off er, the Acquirers will be liable to pay 
interest at the rate of 10.00% (ten per cent) per annum for the period of delay. This obligation to pay interest is 
without prejudice to any action that the SEBI may take under Regulation 32 of the SEBI (SAST) Regula tions. 
However, it is important to note that if the delay in payment is not attributable to any act of omission or commission 
by the Acquirers or the PAC, or if it arises due to reasons or circumstances beyond the control of the Acquirers or 
the PAC, SEBI may grant a waiver from the obligation to pay interest. Public Shareholders should be aware that 
while such waivers are possible, there is no certainty that they will be granted, and as such, there is a potential risk 
of delayed payment along with the asso ciated interest.  Competition Commission of India vide their 
communication dated May 20, 2026  under Regulation 28(1) of the Competition Commission of India 
(Combinations) Regulations, 2024 has notified that it has approved the Proposed  Transaction (and the order of the 
Competition Commission of India is yet to be received ). In terms of Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, SEBI has directed the Acquirer to pay interest at the rate of 10% (ten per cent.) per annum, 
for the period of d elay in making payment of the Offer Price of Rs. 70 (Indian Rupees Seventy ) per Equity Share. 
Accordingly, the Applicable Interest i.e. of INR 0.39 (Indian Paise Thirty nine ) per Equity Share is being paid by 
the Acquirer.  
 
7. In accordance with Regulation 23 (1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, this Offer, shall not be withdrawn except 
under the following circumstances:  
 
(1) If statutory or other third party approvals required for this Offer or for acquisition of Sale Shares as 
stipulated under the SPA are refused,  provided that they are not met for reasons outside the reasonable 
 
 
  56 control of the Acquirers and the PAC and pro vided that these requirements have been disclosed in the 
DPS and the Letter of Offer. However, it is essential to note that the Acquirers and PAC  are not permitted 
to withdraw this Offer based on the PA if the proposed acquisition through the Preferential Issue does not 
succeed other than on account of non -receipt of the Required Statutory Approvals. The Required 
Statutory Approvals  have been rece ived (as set out in paragraph 2 of Part D ( Statutory and other 
approvals) of Section VIII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) of this LOF) ; 
 
(2) Any condition precedent stipulated in the SPA as set out in paragraph 3(a) of Part A (Background of the 
Offer) of Section III (Details of the Offer)  is not met for reasons outside the reasonable control of the 
Acquirers and the PAC, and the SPA is rescinded , subject to such conditions having been specifically 
disclosed in th e DPS , this L etter of Offer; or 
 
(3) If SEBI determines that circumstances merit the withdrawal of the Offer, in which case SEBI shall issue 
a reasoned order permitting the withdrawal, which will be published on SEBI’s official website.  
 
8. In the event of the withdrawal of this Offer, the Acquirers and the PAC shall, through the Manager to the Open 
Offer, within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement in the newspapers in w hich the 
DPS for this Offer was published, providing the grounds and reasons for the withdrawal. Simultaneously with the 
announcement, the Acquirers and PAC shall inform in writing the SEBI, Stock Exchanges, and the Target 
Company at its registered office.  
 
9. This Offer is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Public Announcement, in the DPS  and in  the 
LoF, being issued for the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
10. Where any statutory or other approval extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the Acquirer s shall 
have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory or other approvals 
are required in order to complete this Offer.  
 
11. All Public Shareholders (including res idents, NRIs, OCBs or non -resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) 
held by them in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. 
In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer s reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered 
in this Offer. Further, if Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India (includ ing NRIs, OCBS, FPIs, 
or FIIs)) had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the 
Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have obtained 
for acqui ring/holding the Equity Shares, in order to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Open Offer, 
along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Open Offer. In the event such approvals are 
not submitted, the Acquirer s reserve the ir right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer. If the 
Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder should state that 
the Equity Shares are held under general permission and clarify whet her the Equity Shares are held on a repatriable 
basis or a non -repatriable basis.  
 
12. In the event that the Required Statutory Approvals, or those which become applicable prior to completion of the 
Offer, are not received or are refused for any reason or are not satisfied, or if the conditions precedent s of the SSA 
and the SPA  (as set out i n paragraph 2(a) and 3(a)  of Part A (Background to the Offer)  of Section III (Details of 
the Offer) ), which are outside the reasonable control of the Acquirers, are not satisfied (or waived in accordance 
with the SSA and the SPA), then the Acquirers may wi thdraw this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 23 of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of withdrawal of this Open Offer, a public announcement stating the 
grounds and reasons for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations will 
be made within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the DPS has been 
published and such public announcement will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company 
at its registered office.  
 
13. By agreeing to participate in this Open Offer (i) the holders of the Equity Shares who are persons resident in India 
and the (ii) the holders of the Equity Shares who are persons resident outside India (including NRIs, OCBs and 
FPIs) give the Acquirer th e authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all actions to file 
applications and regulatory reporting , if required, including FC -TRS form, if necessary and undertake to provide 
assistance to the Acquirer for such regulatory filings , if required by the Acquirer.  
 
 
  57 IX. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER   
  
1. All Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form or physical 
form, are eligible to participate in this Offer at any tim e from Offer Opening Date to Offer Closing Date.  
 
2. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the LoF will constitute a binding 
agreement between the Acquirers and the tendering holder, including the tendering holder’s acceptance of the 
terms and conditions of the LoF. 
 
3. BSE shall be the designated stock exchange for the purpose of tendering Equity Shares in the Open Offer  
(“Designated Stock Exchange ”). 
 
4. Procedure for acceptance and settlement of the Offer:  
 
(1) The Open Offer is made to the Public Shareholders as defined in this LoF. While the Letter of Offer along with  
Form of Acceptance will be sent (through electronic mode or physical mode) to all the Public Shareholders of the  
Target Company, whose names appear on the register of members of the Target Company and the records of the  
respective Depositories at the close of business hours on the Identi fied Date, all Public Shareholders holding 
Equity  Shares are eligible to participate in the Open Offer at any time during the Tendering Period. A copy of the 
PA, DPS , DLoF  is available and a copy of this LoF is expected to be available on the website of SE BI 
(www.sebi.gov.in).  
(2) Accidental omission to send the Letter of Offer to any Public Shareholder to whom the Open Offer is made or the  
non-receipt or delayed receipt of the Letter of Offer by any such Public Shareholder will not invalidate the Open  
Offer in  any way.  
(3) The Open Offer will be implemented by the Acquirers  and PAC  through stock exchange mechanism made 
available by the  Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE and NSE, in the form of separate window (“ Acquisition Window ”) 
as pro vided under  the SEBI (SAST) Regulati ons and SEBI’s master circular dated February 16, 2023, bearing 
reference number  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 (“ Master Circular ”). The facility for acquisition of 
Equity Shares through the stock exchange mechanism pursuant to the Open Offer shall be ava ilable on the Stock 
Exchanges in the form of the Acquisition Window . 
(4) The Acquirers have appointed Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited as their broker (“ Buying Broker ”) for 
the Open Offer through  whom the purchases and settlement of the Equity Shares t endered in the Open Offer shall 
be made. The contact  details of the Buying Broker are as mentioned below:  
 
 
 
 
 
Name:  Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited  
Address: Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani  Road, Opposite Parel S.T. Bus Depot, Prabhadevi - Mumbai 
- 400 025 . 
Telephone Number: +91 22 7198 5473  
Contact Person:  Parvez Moosani  
Email ID:  parvez@motilaloswal.com  
SEBI Registration No:  INZ000158836  
(5) A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Letter of Offer will constitute a 
binding  agreement between the Acquirers and the tendering holder, including the tendering holder’s acceptance of 
the terms  and conditions of the Letter of Offer.  
(6) Public Shareholders who desire t o tender their Equity Shares under the Offer would have to intimate their 
respective  stock brokers (“ Selling Brokers ”) within the normal trading hours of the secondary market, during the 
Tendering  Period. The Selling Broker can enter orders for demateriali sed as well as physical Equity Shares though 
the Acquisition Window. The Buying Broker may also act as Selling Broker for the Public Shareholders.  
(7) A separate Acquisition Window will be pro vided by the Stock Exchanges to facilitate the placing of orders. Th e 
Selling Broker would be required to place an order / bid on behalf of the Public Shareholders who wish to tender  
Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges. Before placing the order 
/ bid, the Selling Broker will be required to mark lien on the tendered Equity Shares. Details of such Equity Shares  
marked as lien in the demat account of the Public Shareholders shall be pro vided by the Depositories to the Indian  
Clearing Corporation limited and National Securities Cl earing Corporation Limited (“ Clearing Corporation ”). 

 
 
  58 (8) In terms of the Master Circular, a lien shall be marked against the Equity Shares tendered in the Offer. Upon  
finalization of the entitlement, only the accepted quantity of Equity Shares will be debited from the demat account  
of the concerned Public Shareholder.  
(9) The lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares will be released, if any, or would be returned by speed  post (in 
case of physical shares) at the Public Shareholders’ sole risk. Public Shareholder s should ensure that their 
depository account is maintained till all formalities pertaining to the Offer are completed.  
(10) The Registrar to the Offer will hold in trust the Form of Acceptance, Equity Shares, and/or other documents on  
behalf of the Public Shar eholders of the Target Company who have accepted the Offer, until the e -
payments/warrants/cheques/drafts for the consideration are remitted / dispatched and unaccepted share  
certificate/Equity Shares, if any, are dispatched/returned to the relevant Public Shareholders.  
(11) The details of settlement number under which lien will be marked shall be informed in the issue opening circular  
that will be issued by the Stock Exchanges/ Clearing Corporation, before the Offer Opening Date.  
(12) The cumulative quantity of Equit y Shares tendered shall be displayed on the websites of the Stock Exchanges  
(www.bseindia.com; www.nseindia.com) throughout the trading session at specific intervals during the Tendering  
Period.  
(13) Modification/cancellation of bids will not be allowed during the Tendering Period. Multiple bids made by single  
Public Shareholder for selling the Equity Shares shall be clubbed and considered as ‘one’ bid for the purposes of  
acceptance.  
(14) The reporting requirements for non -resident shareholders under FEMA and any oth er rules, regulations, 
guidelines,  for remittance of funds, shall be made by the Public Shareholder and/ or their Selling Broker.  
(15) Public Shareholders shall tender their Equity Shares only through a broker with whom such shareholder is 
registered  as client (KYC compliant). In the event Selling Broker(s) are not registered with the Stock Exchanges, 
or if the  Public Shareholder does not have any stock broker, then that Public Shareholder can approach any BSE 
or NSE  registered stock broker and can make a  bid by using quick unique client code (“ UCC ”) facility through 
that BSE or  NSE registered stock broker after submitting the details as may be required by the stock broker to be 
in compliance  with applicable law and regulations. The Public Shareholder appr oaching BSE or NSE registered 
stock broker (with  whom he does not have an account) may have to submit following details:  
 
In case of Public Shareholder being an individual:  
 
a. If the Public Shareholder is registered with a ‘KRA’, i.e., a KYC Registration Age ncy, the following  
documents will be required to be submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
(i) Central Know Your Client (“ CKYC ”) form including Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
(“FATCA ”), In Person Verification (“ IPV”), and Original Seen and Verified (“ OSV ”), if applicable.  
(ii) Know Your Client (“ KYC ”) form and the supporting documents (all such documents are required 
to be self -attested) including bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
(iii) Demat details (Demat Master / Latest Demat statement).  
 
b. If the Public Shareholder is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to be  
submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
(iv) CKYC form, including FATCA, IPV , OSV if applicable  
(v) KRA form.  
(vi) KYC form and the following supporting documents required (all such documents are required to be  
self-attested): PAN card copy, address proof & bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
(vii) Demat details (Demat master / Latest Demat statement).  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents, in person verification may be  
required.  
 
In case of Public Shareholder being an HUF:  
 
a. If the Public Shareholder is already registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to be  
submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
(i) CKYC form of the ‘KARTA’, including FATCA, IPV , OSV if applicable.  
 
 
  59 (ii) KYC form and the supporting documents required (all documents self -attested) including bank  
account details (cancelled cheque).  
(iii) Demat details (Demat master / Latest Demat statement).  
 
b. If the Public Sharehol der is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to be  
submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
(i) CKYC form of the ‘KARTA’, including FATCA, IPV , OSV if applicable.  
(ii) KRA form.  
(iii) KYC form and the following supporting documents (all such do cuments are required to be self -
attested): PAN card copy of HUF & KARTA, address proof of HUF & KARTA, HUF declaration,  
bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
(iv) Demat details (Demat master / Latest Demat statement).  
 
It may be noted that other than submiss ion of above forms and documents, in person verification may be  
required.  
 
In case of Public Shareholder being other than individual or HUF:  
 
a. If the Public Shareholder is already registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to be  
submitted (duly filled and completed):  
 
(i) KYC form and the supporting documents (all such documents are required to be self attested)  
including bank account details (cancelled cheque).  
(ii) DP details where the Equity Shares are deposited (Demat master/latest Dem at statement), assuming  
the Equity Shares are in dematerialised mode.  
(iii) FATCA, IPV , OSV if applicable.  
(iv) Latest list of directors / authorised signatories / partners / trustees.  
(v) Latest shareholding pattern.  
(vi) Board resolution.  
(vii) Details of ultimate beneficial owne r along with PAN card and address proof.  
(viii) Last 2 years’ financial statements.  
 
b. If the Public Shareholder is not registered with KRA, the following documents will be required to be  
submitted (duly filled and completed):  
(i) KRA form.  
(ii) KYC form and the supporting documents (all such documents are required to be self -attested): PAN  
card copy of company/firm/trust, address proof of company/firm/trust and bank account details  
(cancelled cheque).  
(iii) Demat details (Demat master / Latest Demat statement).  
(iv) FATCA, IPV , OSV if applicable.  
(v) Latest list of directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees.  
(vi) PAN card copies & address proof of directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees.  
(vii) Latest shareholding pattern.  
(viii) Board resolution/ partnership declaration.  
(ix) Details of ulti mate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof.  
(x) Last 2 years’ financial statements.  
(xi) Memorandum of association/partnership deed/trust deed.  
 
It may be noted that, other than submission of above forms and documents, in person verification may be  
required.  
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The requirement of documents  
and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
5. Procedure for tendering Equity Shares held in Dematerialised Form  
 
(1) Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form and who desire to tender their Equity  
Shares in dematerialised form under the Open Offer would have to do so through their respective Selling Broker 
 
 
  60 by giving the details of Equity Shares th ey intend to tender under the Open Offer. Public Shareholders should 
tender  their Equity Shares before market hours close on the last day of the Tendering Period.  
(2) The Selling Broker would be required to place an order/bid on behalf of the Public Shareholde rs who wish to 
tender  Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges. Before placing the 
bid, lien  will be required to be marked on the tendered Equity Shares. Details of the Equity Shares marked as lien 
in the  demat ac count of the Public Shareholder shall be pro vided by their respective depositories to the Clearing  
Corporation. In case, the Public Shareholder’s demat account is held with one depository (“ Source Depository ”) 
and the clearing member pool and Clearing Corp oration account is held with another depository (“ Recipient  
Depository ”), the Equity Shares shall be blocked in the shareholders demat account at the Source Depository 
during  the Tendering Period. IDT instructions shall be initiated by the Public Sharehold er at the Source Depository 
to the  clearing member / Clearing Corporation account at Recipient Depository. Source Depository shall block the 
Public  Shareholder’s Equity Shares (i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked balance) and send IDT message 
to Recipient Depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of Equity Shares blocked in the Public 
Shareholder’s  demat account shall be pro vided by the Recipient Depository.  
(3) For custodian participant orders for Equity Shares in dematerialised form, early pay -in is mandatory prior to  
confirmation of order by the custodian. The custodians shall either confirm or reject orders not later than the time  
provided by Stock Exchanges on the last day of the Offer Period. Thereafter, all un confirmed orders shall be 
deemed  to be rejected.  
(4) The details of settlement number for early pay -in of equity shares shall be informed in the issue opening circular  
that will be issued by the Stock Exchanges/ the Clearing Corporation, before the opening of the Open Offer.  
(5) The lien shall be marked by the Selling Broker in the demat account of the Public Shareholder for the Equity 
Shares  tendered in the Open Offer. Details of such Equity Shares marked as lien in the demat account of the Public  
Shareholder shal l be pro vided by the Depositories to the Clearing Corporation.  
(6) Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall pro vide a Transaction Registration Slip (“ TRS ”) generated by the  
stock exchange bidding system to the Public Shareholder. TRS will contain details  of order/bid submitted like bid  
identification number, depository participant identification, client identification number, number of Equity Shares  
tendered, etc. In case of non -receipt of the completed tender form and other documents, but where lien is m arked  
on Equity Shares and a valid bid has been placed in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such Eligible  
Shareholder shall be deemed to have been accepted.  
(7) On receipt of TRS from the respective Selling Broker, the Public Shareholder has successfully  placed the bid in 
the Open Offer. Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the tendering period of the Offer.  
(8) The duly filled in delivery instruction slips (“ DIS”) specifying the appropriate market type in relation to the Open  
Offer, and execution date along with all other details should be submitted by the Public Shareholders to their  
respective depository participant/Selling Broker so as to ensure that the Equity Shares are tendered in the Offer. 
For resident Public Shareholde rs holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, submission of Form of Acceptance 
and TRS is not mandatory, but are advised to retain the acknowledged copies of the DIS and TRS with them until 
the expiry of the Offer Period. After lien is marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid is placed in the exchange 
bidding  system, the bid shall be deemed to have been accepted for the Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares 
in dematerialised form.  
(9) Public Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep their DP account  active and unblocked to successfully  
facilitate the tendering of Equity Shares.  
(10) In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for conversion to Demat, such Public 
Shareholders  should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares c onverted to Demat mode is completed 
well in time so  that they can participate in the Offer before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
(11) The Public Shareholders holding shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill any Form of  
Acceptance, unless req uired by their respective Selling Broker.  
(12) All non -resident Public Shareholders (i.e., Public Shareholders not residing in India including NRIs, OCBs and  
FPIs) are mandatorily required to fill the Form of Acceptance. The non -resident Public Shareholders hol ding 
Equity  Shares in dematerialised form, directly or through their respective Selling Brokers, are required to send the 
Form of  Acceptance along with the required documents to the Registrar to the Offer at its address given on the 
cover page  of the LoF. The envelope should be super scribed as “ Restaurant Brands Asia Limited  – Open Offer”.  
The detailed procedure for tendering Equity Shares will be included in the Form of Acceptance.  
 
6. Procedure for tendering the Equity Shares held in physical form  
 
(1) As per t he provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s press release dated  
December 03, 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed  
unless the securities are held in dematerialised  form with a depository with effect from April 01, 2019. However, 
 
 
  61 in accordance with the circular issued by SEBI bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144  
dated July 31, 2020, shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to t ender shares in an open offer.  
Such tendering shall be as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders  
holding Equity Shares in physical form as well are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as pe r 
the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, the procedure for tendering to be followed by the  
Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form is as detailed below.   
(2) Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physi cal form and intend to participate in the Open Offer 
will be required to approach their respective Selling Broker along with the complete set of documents for 
verification  procedures to be carried out, including the (i) original share certificate(s), (ii) valid share transfer 
form(s), i.e. Form  SH-4, duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered shareholders in same order 
and as per the  specimen signatures registered with the Target Company) and duly witnessed at th e appropriate 
place, (iii) self -attested copy of the shareholder’s PAN Card, (iv) Form of Acceptance duly completed and signed 
in accordance  with the instructions contained therein, by sole/joint Public Shareholders whose name(s) appears on 
the share  certificate(s) in the same order in which they hold Equity Shares, and (v) any other relevant documents 
such as  power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy 
of death  certificate and succession certif icate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc., as 
applicable.  
(3) In addition, if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the  
‘Register of Members’ of the Target Company, the Public S hareholder would be required to submit a self -attested  
copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: (i) valid Aadhar card, (ii) voter identity  
card; or (iii) passport.  
(4) Public Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should not e that physical Equity Shares will not be accepted  
unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares for the Open Offer  
shall be subject to verification by the Registrar to the Offer, as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulat ions, applicable laws  
and any further directions issued in this regard.  
(5) Based on these documents, the Selling Broker shall place the bid on behalf of the Public Shareholder holding 
Equity  Shares in physical form who wishes to tender Equity Shares in the Op en Offer, using the Acquisition 
Window of  the Stock Exchanges. Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall pro vide a TRS generated by the 
bidding system  of the Stock Exchanges to the Public Shareholder. The TRS will contain the details of the order 
subm itted like folio  number, share certificate number, distinctive number of Equity Shares tendered etc.  
(6) The Selling Broker/Public Shareholder has to deliver the original share certificate(s) and documents (as mentioned  
above) along with the TRS by speed post or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the  Offer i.e., MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link  Intime India Private Limited ) so as to reach them no later than the 
Offer Closing Date (by 5:00  p.m. Indian Standard Time). The envelope should  be super scribed as “The Restaurant 
Brands Asia Limited - Open Offer”. 1 (one) copy of the TRS will be retained by the Registrar, and it will pro vide 
acknowledgement of the Public Shareholder. Physical share certificates and other relevant documents shoul d not 
be sent to the Acquirers,  the PAC,  the Target Company or the Manager to the Open Offer. The Acquirers, the PAC, 
the Manager to the  Open Offer and the Registrar to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for any loss of 
documents during transit  (including but not limited to Form of Acceptance, delivery instruction slips, original 
share certificates, share transfer  forms, etc.), and Public Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their 
interest in this regard.  
(7) The Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should note that such Equity Shares will not be  
accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance of the Equity Shares in physical form 
shall  be subject to verification as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. 
The Registrar will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such time the Stock  
Exchanges shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. Once the Registrar confir ms the bids, they will  
be treated as ‘confirmed bids’.  
(8) All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the Form of Acceptance, otherwise the Equity Shares  
tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for rejection on the following grounds 
amongst  others: (i) If there is any other company’s equity share certificate(s) enclosed with the Form of Acceptance 
instead  of the Equity Share certificate(s) of the Target Company; (ii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not 
completed,  and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Public Shareholders; (iii) If the Public Shareholders 
tender Equity  Shares but the Registrar to the Offer does not receive the Equity Share certificate(s); or (iv) In case 
the signature on  the Form of Acceptance and Form SH -4 does not match as per the specimen signature recorded 
with Target  Company/registrar of the Target Company.  
(9) In case any Public Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for dematerialisation,  such Public  
Shareholders should ensure that the process of having the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time  
so that they can participate in the Open Offer before the Offer Closing Date.  
 
 
  62 (10) The Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in phy sical mode will be required to fill the respective Form  
of Acceptance. Detailed procedure for tendering Equity Shares has been included in the Form of 
Acceptance.  
 
7. Procedure for tendering the shares in case of non -receipt of LoF: 
 
(1) All the Public Shareholde rs, whether holding the shares in physical form or dematerialized form, registered or  
unregistered are eligible to participate in this Open Offer at any time during the Tendering Period.  
(2) The Letter of Offer specifying the detailed terms and conditions of t his Open Offer will be mailed to all the Public  
Shareholders whose names appear in the register of members of the Target Company as at the close of business  
hours on the Identified Date. Accidental omission to dispatch the Letter of Offer to any Public Sha reholder to 
whom  the Open Offer is made or non -receipt or delayed receipt of the Letter of Offer by such Public Shareholder, 
shall  not invalidate this Open Offer.  
(3) Persons who have acquired the Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the  
Target Company on the Identified Date, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after 
the Identified Date, or those who have not received the LoF, may also participate in this Offer. Accidental omission 
to send the LoF to any person to whom the Offer is made or the non -receipt or delayed receipt of the LoF by any 
such person will not invalidate the Offer in any way.  
(4) A Public Shareholder may participate in the Open Offer by approaching their broker/Selling Broker and ten der the  
Equity Shares in the Open Offer as per the procedure mentioned in the LoF and the Form of Acceptance.  
(5) The LoF along with the Form of Acceptance will be sent (through electronic mode or physical mode) to all the  
Public Shareholders of the Target Com pany as on the Identified Date. All Public Shareholders receiving the LoF 
along with the Form of Acceptance through electronic mode will be entitled to be furnished with a physical copy 
of the said documents upon receipt of requisition, if any, by e -mail at 
restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com  or by  a letter addressed to the Registrar to the Offer. In case of 
non-receipt of the LoF, such Public Shareholders of the  Target Company may (i ) download the same from the 
SEBI website (www.sebi.gov.in) and can apply by using the  same; or (ii) obtain a physical copy of the same from 
the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary  evidence of holding of the Equity Shares of the Target  
Company. Alternatively, you can download the soft copy  from the registrar’s website www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
(6) Alternatively, in case of non -receipt of the LoF, Public Shareholders holding the Equity Shares may participate in  
the Open Offer by providing their a pplication in plain paper in writing signed by all shareholder(s), stating name,  
address, number of shares held, client ID number, DP name, DP ID number, number of shares being tendered and  
other relevant documents as mentioned in the LoF. Such Public Shar eholders have to ensure that their order is  
entered in the electronic platform to be made available by BSE or NSE before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
Physical share certificates and other relevant documents should not be sent to the Acquirers, the Target Company  
or the Manager to the Open Offer.  
 
8. Acceptance of Shares  
 
(1) Registrar to the Offer shall pro vide details of order acceptance to Clearing Corporation within specified timelines.  
(2) In the event that the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders under this Offer is more  
than the Offer Shares, the Acquirers shall accept those Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders  
on a proportionate basis in consultation with the Manager to the Open Offer, taki ng care to ensure that the basis 
of acceptance is decided in a fair and equitable manner and does not result in non -marketable lots, pro vided that  
acquisition of Equity Shares from a Public Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot.  
(3) The marketable lot for the Equity Shares of the Target Company for the purpose of this Offer shall be 1 (one) 
Equity  Share.  
(4) In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Acquirers will have  
the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares or 
any shortage of Equity Shares.  
 
9. Settlement Process  
 
(1) On closure of the Tendering Period, reconciliation for acceptances shall be conducted by the Manager to the  Open  
Offer and the Registrar to the Offer and the final list of accepted Equity Shares tendered in this Offer shall be  
provided to the Stock Exchanges to facilitate settlement on the basis of the Equity Shares transferred to the 
Clearing  Corporation.  
 
 
  63 (2) The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the secondary market  
in accordance with the Master Circular. Upon finalization of the entitlement, only accepted quantity of Equity 
Shares  will be debited from the demat account of the concerned Public Shareholder. Selling Broker(s) shall use 
the settlement number to be pro vided by the Clearing Corporation to transfer the Equity Shares in favour of the 
Clearing  Corporation.  
(3) The Public Shareho lders holding shares in dematerialised form will have to ensure that they update their bank  
account details with their correct account number used in core banking and IFSC codes, keep their depository  
(“DP”) account active and unblocked to successfully fac ilitate the tendering of the Equity Shares and to receive  
credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated acceptance.  
(4) For Equity Shares accepted under the Offer, the Clearing Corporation will make direct funds payout to respec tive 
eligible Public Shareholders bank account linked to the demat account. If the relevant Public Shareholder’s bank  
account details are not available or if the funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/relevant bank, due to any  
reason, then such fund s will be transferred to the concerned Selling Broker settlement bank account for onward  
transfer to their respective Public Shareholder’s account. The Public Shareholders will be required to 
independently  settle fees, dues, statutory levies or other charg es (if any) with their Selling Brokers.  
(5) In case of certain client types viz. NRI, Foreign Clients etc. (where there are specific RBI and other regulatory  
requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be  
given to their respective Selling Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to their respective 
shareholder’s  account onwards. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected from the Registrar to 
the Offer.  
(6) For Equity Sh ares in physical form, the funds pay -out would be given to Public Shareholder’s respective Selling  
Broker’s settlement bank accounts for onward transfer to the respective Public Shareholder’s account. Any excess 
Equity Shares, in physical form,  pursuant to  rejection will be returned to the Public Shareholders directly by the 
Registrar  to the Offer through speed  post/ courier . Unaccepted share certificate(s), transfer deed(s) and other 
documents, if any,  will be returned by speed  post/ courier  at the registe red Public Shareholders’/unregistered 
owners’ sole risk to the  sole/first Public Shareholder/unregistered owner.  
(7) The direct credit of Equity Shares shall be given to the demat account of the Acquirers as indicated by the Buying  
Broker.  
(8) Once the basis of ac ceptance is finalised, the lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares shall be released. 
Buying  Broker would also issue a contract note to the Acquirers for the Equity Shares accepted under the Open 
Offer.  Further, the Clearing Corporation would facilita te clearing and settlement of trades by transferring the 
required  number of Equity Shares to the demat account of the Acquirers. The Buying Broker will transfer the funds 
pertaining  to the Offer to the Clearing Corporation’s Bank account as per the prescri bed schedule.  
(9) Any Equity Shares that are: (i) subject matter of litigation; or (ii) held in abeyance or prohibited/restricted from  
being transferred pursuant to any pending court cases/attachment orders/restriction from other statutory 
authorities;  are lia ble to be rejected unless directions/orders of an appropriate court/tribunal/statutory authority 
permitting the  transfer of such Equity Shares are received together with the Equity Shares tendered under the Open 
Offer.  
(10) Public Shareholders who intend to par ticipate in the Open Offer should consult their respective Selling Broker for  
any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) that may be levied by the Selling Broker  
upon the selling shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the O pen Offer (secondary market transaction). The  
Open Offer consideration received by the Public Shareholders, in respect of accepted Equity Shares, could be net  
of such costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) and the Acquirers and  the Manager to  
the Open Offer accept no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and expenses (including  
brokerage) incurred solely by the Public Shareholders.  
(11) In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s) (including the Requ ired Statutory Approval) or other  
conditions/ requirements as specified in paragraph 1 of Part D (Statutory and Other Approvals) of Section VIII  
(Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer) of this LoF, SEBI has the power to grant extension of time to the  
Acquirers for payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders who have accepted the Open Offer within such  
period, subject to the Acquirers agreeing to pay interest for the delayed period if specified by SEBI, unless payment  
of such interest is waived by SEBI in terms of Regulations 18 (11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
In this regard it may be noted that the SEBI has directe d the Acquirers to pay the Applicable Interest in addition 
to the Offer Price per Offer Share.  
 
  
  
 
 
  64 X. TAX PROVISIONS  
  
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE BASED ON THE CURRENT 
PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME -TAX ACT, 2025  (AS AMENDED BY THE FINANCE ACT, 2026 ) AND 
THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.  
 
THE APPLICABLE LAWS, INCLUDING THE IT ACT, RELEV ANT R ULES AND REGULATIONS , AND  
JUDICIAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATION  THEREOF,  ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE  
FROM TIME TO TIME , INCLUDING WITH RETROSPECTIVE EFFECT. ANY SUCH CHANGES, 
AMENDMENTS, JUDICIAL RULINGS, REGULATORY INTERPRETATIONS OR ADMINISTRATIVE  
CLARIFI CATIONS, WHICH MAY RESULT IN A MODIFICATION OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES 
DESCRIBED HEREIN . 
 
THE JUDICIAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF ARE SUBJECT TO 
CHANGE BY SUBSEQUENT  LEGISLATIVE AMENDMENTS, JUDICIAL RULINGS, REGULATORY 
INTERPRETATIONS OR ADMINISTRATIVE  CLARIFICATIONS, WHICH MAY RESULT IN A 
MODIFICATION OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES DESCRIBED HEREIN . 
 
THIS NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY  
AND DOES NOT  PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR  EXHAUSTIVE LISTING OF ALL 
POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES  RELATING TO THE TENDERING AND TRANSFER OF EQUITY 
SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OPEN OFFER . 
 
THE IMPLICATIONS ARE ALSO DEPENDENT ON THE SHAREHOLDERS FULFILLING THE 
CONDITIONS PRESCRIBED UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE RELEV ANT SECTIONS UNDER 
THE RELEV ANT TAX LAWS. IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARISED NATURE OF INCOME -TAX 
CONSEQUENCES, THE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS 
FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS INCLUDING THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN 
BY T HEIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF 
ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
 
THE ACQUIRERS AND THE PERSON ACTING IN CONCERT  DO NOT ACCEPT ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF SUCH ADVICE. THEREFORE, THE 
SHAREHOLDER S CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE SUMMARY OF INCOME -TAX 
IMPLICATIONS, RELATING TO THE TREATMENT OF INCOME -TAX IN THE CASE OF TENDERING 
OF LISTED EQUITY SHARES IN THE OPEN OFFER OFF THE FLOOR OF THE RECOGNISED 
STOCK EXCHANGE, AS SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE T REATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR 
GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
THE SUMMARY ON TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN THIS SECTION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF 
LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS 
OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF T HE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. 
THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE 
THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS MENTIONED 
HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX 
PROVI SIONS APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. THE LAW STATED BELOW 
IS AS PER THE INCOME -TAX ACT, 2025 . 
 
1. GENERAL  
 
1.1. The basis of charge of Indian income -tax depends upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. 
The Indian tax year runs from April 1 until March 31.  
 
1.2. A person who is an Indian tax resident is liable to income -tax in India on his worldwide income, in a manner as 
provided under the IT Act, as amended from time to time.  
 
 
 
  65 1.3. A person who is treated as a non -resident for India n income -tax purposes is generally subject to tax in India only 
on such person's India -sourced income (i.e., income which accrues or arises or deemed to accrue or arise in 
India) and income received by such persons in India (including income deemed to be r eceived in India).  
 
1.4. In the case of shares of a company, the source of income from shares will depend on the “situs” of such shares. 
As per judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is where a company is “incorporated” and where 
its shares ca n be transferred. Since the Target Company is incorporated in India, the Equity Shares are “situated” 
in India and any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer of such shares is taxable in India under the IT Act.  
 
1.5. Further, the non -resident shareholder c an avail benefits of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (“ DTAA ”) 
between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder is a tax resident subject to satisfying the 
relevant conditions including but not limited to: (a) conditions presen t in the said DTAA (if any) read with the 
relevant provisions of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty related Measures to Prevent Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (“ Multilateral Instrument/ MLI ”) as ratified by India with the respective coun try 
of which the said shareholder is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) 
and (c) providing and maintaining necessary information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act. The IT 
Act also provides for different in come -tax regimes/ rates applicable to the gains arising from the tendering of 
shares under the Open Offer, and corresponding withholding tax obligation based on the period of holding, 
residential status, classification of the shareholder, nature of the inc ome earned, mode of acquisition, etc.  
 
1.6. The shareholders may be required to undertake compliances such as filing an annual income tax return, as may 
be applicable to different categories of persons, with the income tax authorities, reporting their income fo r the 
relevant year.  
 
1.7. In addition to income tax, as the tendering of Equity Shares is being undertaken on the Stock Exchanges, such 
transaction will be chargeable to Securities Transaction Tax (“ STT ”). STT is payable in India on the value of 
securities on every purchase or sale of securities that are listed on any Indian stock exchange. Currently, the STT 
rate applicable on the purchase and sale of shares on the Stock Exchange is 0.1 0%  of the value of security 
transacted.  
 
1.8. All references to Equity Shares herein is to listed Equity Shares unless stated otherwise.  
 
2. Classification of Shareholders  
 
Shareholders can be classified under the following categories:  
 
(a) Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) individuals, Hindu undivided family (“ HUF ”), association of persons (“ AOP ”) and body of individuals 
(“BOI”), and  
(ii) others:  
 
A. company, and  
B. other than company  
 
(b) Non-Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) NRI 
(ii) FIIs/ FPIs  
(iii) others:  
A. company, and  
B. other than company  
 
3. Classification of Shares  
 
The characterization of gains / losses, arising from sale of shares, as Capital Gains or Business Income would depend 
on the nature of holding in the hands of the shareholder and various other factors. Shareholders are also required to 
 
 
  66 refer to Circular No .6/2016 dated February 29, 2016, issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (“ CBDT ”). The 
nature of gains / loss in the foregoing cases will be as under:  
 
(a) Shares held as investment: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable under the head “ Capital Ga ins”. 
(b) Shares held as stock -in-trade: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable under the head “ Profits and Gains 
from Business or Profession ”. 
 
4. Taxability of Capital Gains in the hands of the Shareholders  
 
(a) Capital gains in the hands of shareholders wo uld be computed as per the provisions of Section 72 of the IT Act 
and the rate of income tax would depend on the period of holding.  
 
(b) Period of Holding  
 
Depending on the period for which the shares are held, the gains would be taxable as ‘short term capital  gain’ or 
‘long -term capital gain’. Such classification would be determined as under:  
(i) Short -term Capital Asset (“ STCA ”): Equity shares held for less than or equal to 12 (twelve) months.  
(ii) Long -term Capital Asset (“ LTCA ”): Equity share held for more than 12 ( twelve) months.  
 
(c) Accordingly, gains arising from transfer of a STCA are taxable as ‘Short -term Capital Gains’ (“ STCG ”). Gains 
arising from transfer of a LTCA are taxable as ‘Long -term Capital Gains’ (“ LTCG ”). 
 
(d) As per Section 198 of the IT Act, LTCG arising on sale of listed equity shares will be subject to tax at the rate 
of 12.50% (twelve point five per  cent) if STT has been paid on both, purchase and sale of shares (except in 
certain cases notified by CBDT vide Notification No. 60/2018 dated Octobe r 1, 2018) and if the aggregate LTCG 
during the financial year exceeds INR 1,25,000 Lakh (Indian Rupees one lakh twenty five thousand only). The 
said rate will be increased by applicable surcharge and cess. Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A would 
be allowed in computing LTCG subject to tax under Section 112A of the IT Act.  
 
(e) The cost of acquisition will be computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 90 read with Section 198 
of the IT Act. In terms of Section 90 read with Section 198 of the I T Act, if investments were made on or before 
January 31, 2018, a method of determining the cost of acquisition of such investments has been specifically laid 
down such that gains up to January 31, 2018, are grandfathered (i.e. not taxed). To clarify, if th e equity shares 
on which STT is paid were acquired prior to January 31, 2018, the cost of acquisition of such shares should be 
higher of: (a) actual cost of acquisition and (b) lower of (i) fair market value as on January 31, 2018 (highest 
quoted price on January 31, 2018, or immediately prior trading day if shares were not traded on January 31, 
2018) and (ii) actual sale consideration.  
 
(f) If STT is not paid at the time of acquisition of the shares being acquired under the Open Offer and they do not 
fall with in the exceptions identified under Notification No. 60/2018/F.No.370142/9/2017 -TPL dated October 1, 
2018, then the entire LTCG arising to the shareholder shall be subject to tax as under at 12.50% (twelve point 
five per  cent) (plus applicable surcharge and  cess) under Section 197 of the IT Act, in the case of resident 
shareholders and non -resident shareholders (other than FPI or NRI governed by the provisions of Chapter XII -
A of the IT Act) . 
 
(g) STCG realized on sale of listed equity shares (STT paid) will be subject to tax at the rate of 20 .00% (twenty per  
cent) under Section 111A of the IT Act. The said rate will be increased by applicable surcharge and cess. Further, 
no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG subject to tax under Sect ion 196 of the 
IT Act.  
 
(h) Further, in the case of shareholders being resident individual or HUF, the benefit of maximum amount which is 
not chargeable to income -tax is required to be considered while computing tax on such LTCG or STCG taxable 
under Sections 196, 197 or 198 of the IT Act.  
 
(i) As per the Section 72 of the IT Act, no deduction of amount paid on account of STT will be allowed in computing 
the income chargeable to tax as Capital Gains.  
 
 
 
  67 The provisions of Minimum Alternate Tax (“MAT”), as contained in  Section 206 of the IT Act, may be applicable 
to certain resident companies and should be considered while determining the overall tax liability. However, 
MAT provisions shall not apply to domestic companies that have opted to be governed by the concession al tax 
regimes under Sections 200 of the IT Act . 
 
(j) Further, the provisions of Section 206 of the IT Act shall  not apply to a foreign company if it is a resident of a 
country with which India has entered into a DTAA under Section 159 of the IT Act and does not have a 
Permanent Establishment in India or such company is a resident of a country with which India does n ot have 
such agreement and is not required to registered under any applicable Indian law . 
 
(k) For certain shareholders (other than companies), the provisions of Alternate Minimum Tax on the adjusted total 
income as contained in Section 206 of the IT Act may g et triggered and need to be considered by such 
shareholders.  
 
(l) Further, the provisions of Section 206 of the IT Act do not apply to certain shareholders (other than companies):  
 
(i) whose adjusted total income does not exceed INR 20,00,000 (Indian Rupees twenty lakhs only) . 
(ii) who have opted to be governed by the provisions of section 202 of the IT Act . 
 
(m) As per Section 108 of the IT Act, Short Term Capital Loss computed for the given year is allowed to be set off 
against STCG as well as LTCG computed for the said year. The balance loss, which is not set off, is allowed to 
be carried forward for subsequent 8 (eight) assessment years, for being set off against subsequent years’ STCG 
as well as LTCG, in terms of Section 111 of the IT Act.  
 
(n) Long Term Capital Loss computed for a given year is allowed to be set off only against LTCG computed for the 
said year, in terms of Section 108 of the IT Act. The balance loss, which is not set off, is allowed to be carried 
forward for subsequent eight assessment years, for bein g set off only against subsequent years’ LTCG, in terms 
of Section 111 of the IT Act.  
 
(o) Additional information in case of FIIs:  
 
(i) As per Section 2(14) of the IT Act, any securities held by a FII which has invested in the equity shares 
in accordance with the regulations made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, 
will be treated as capital assets. Accordingly, any gains arising from transfer of such securities will be 
chargeable to tax in the hands of FIIs as capital gains.  
 
(ii) STCG referred to in section 196 arising from the transfer of securities, will be chargeable at the rate of 
20% (twenty percent).  
 
(iii) LTCG referred to in section 198 arising from the transfer of securities, will be chargeable at the rate of 
12.50% (twelve point five percent ) (subject to exceeding ₹1,25,000) . 
 
(iv) Such capital gains would be computed without giving effect to Section 72. In other words, adjustment 
in respect of foreign exchange fluctuation would not be allowed while computing the Capital Gains.  
 
(v) The above rates are to be increased by applicable surcharge and cess.  
 
(vi) Further, no deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG as well as LTCG.  
 
(p) Additional Information in case of NRIs:  
 
Where the shares of the Target Company were acquired or purchased in convertible foreign exchange, NRIs, i.e., 
individuals being citizen of India or person of Indian origin who are not resident, have the option of being governed 
by the provisions of Chapter XII -A of the IT Act, which inter alia entitles them to  the following benefits:  
 
(i) Under Section 214 of the IT Act, the LTCG arising to an NRI will be taxable at the rate of 12.50% 
(twelve point five per  cent) (plus applicable surcharge and cess). While computing the LTCG, the benefit 
of indexation of cost would  not be available.  
 
 
  68 (ii) Under Section 215 of the IT Act, LTCG arising to an NRI from the transfer of the shares acquired or 
purchased in convertible foreign exchange shall be exempt from income - tax, if the net consideration is 
reinvested in specified assets, w ithin 6 (six) months of the date of transfer. If only part of the net 
consideration is so reinvested, the exemption shall be proportionately reduced. The amount so exempted 
shall be chargeable to tax subsequently, if the specified assets are transferred or  converted into money 
within 3 (three) years from the date of their acquisition.  
 
(iii) Under Section 216 of the IT Act, it will not be necessary for an NRI to furnish his return of income under 
Section 263(1) of the IT Act if his income chargeable under the IT Act consists of only investment 
income or LTCG or both; arising out of assets acquired, purchased or subscribed to in convertible foreign 
exchange and tax deductible at source has been deducted there from as per the provisions of the IT Act.  
 
(iv) Further, no d eduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing LTCG.  
 
(v) As per provisions of Section 218 of the IT Act, an NRI may elect not to be governed by provisions of 
Chapter XII -A and compute his total income as per other provisions of the IT Act.  
 
(q) Section 159 of the IT Act, provides relief to a non -resident, where there is a DTAA between India and the country 
of residence of the non -resident shareholder and the provisions of the DTAA are more favorable to the taxpayer, 
subject to satisfying relevant  conditions including not limited to (a) conditions present in the said DTAA (if any) 
read with the relevant provisions of the MLI as ratified by India with the respective country of which the said 
shareholder is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of GAAR ; and (c) providing and maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act.  
 
(r) Investment Funds  
 
Under Section Section 11 read with schedule V of the IT Act , any income of an Investment Fund, other than the 
income chargeable under  the head “Profits and gains of business or profession” would be exempt from income -tax. 
For this purpose, an “Investment Fund” means a fund registered as Category I or Category II Alternative Investment 
Fund and is regulated under the Securities and Excha nge Board of India (Alternate Investment Fund) Regulations, 
2012.  
 
(s) Mutual Funds  
 
Under Chapter III of the IT Act , any income of mutual funds registered under SEBI or regulations made thereunder 
or mutual funds set up by public sector banks or public financ ial institutions or mutual funds authorized by the RBI 
and subject to the conditions specified therein, is exempt from tax subject to such conditions as the Central 
Government may by notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf.  
 
5. Taxability  of Business Income in the hands of the Shareholders  
 
(a) Where the listed equity shares are held as stock -in-trade and gains realized from their sale are taxable as business 
income, they will be taxable at applicable tax rates to such shareholders. The loss i f any can be carried forward 
in accordance with the provisions of the IT Act.  
 
(b) In terms of Section 32 of the IT Act, STT paid by the shareholder in respect of the taxable securities transactions 
entered into in the course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of income chargeable 
under the head “Profit and gains of business or pr ofession”, if the income arising from taxable securities 
transaction is included in such income.  
 
(c) In terms of Section 159 of the IT Act, provides relief to a non -resident, where there is a DTAA between India 
and the country of residence of the non -resident  shareholder and the provisions of the DTAA are more favorable 
to the taxpayer, subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) conditions present in the 
said DTAA (if any) read with the relevant provisions of the MLI as ratified  by India with the respective country 
of which the said shareholder is tax resident; (b) non -applicability of GAAR; and (c) maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act.  
 
6. Withholding Tax implications  
 
 
  69  
(a) Remittance/Payment of Consideration  
 
(i) Resident shareholders:  
 
A. As of the date of filing of this document, in the absence of any provisions under the IT Act casting an 
obligation on the buyer to deduct tax on income arising in the hands of the resident seller  on transfer 
of any property (other than immovable property), the Acquirers are not required to withhold tax on the 
consideration payable to eligible shareholders pursuant to tendering of shares under the Open Offer.  
 
B. With effect from July 1, 2021, Finance  Act 2021 creates an obligation on the buyer of goods to withhold 
tax under Section 393(1)  at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one per  cent) when buying goods from an 
Indian resident. The withholding obligation only exists where the consideration for goods exc eeds INR 
50,00,000 (Indian Rupees fifty lakhs only) and the buyer had a business turnover of more than INR 
10,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees ten crores only) in the immediately preceding year. The term “goods” 
has not been defined and may cover shares.  
 
C. As per C ircular No 13 of 2021 dated June 30, 2021, issued by the CBDT, the provisions of Section 
393(1)  is not applicable where the transactions in securities and commodities are traded through 
recognized stock exchange. Therefore, the Acquirers are not required t o withhold tax under Section 
393(1)  on consideration payable to resident shareholders.  
 
D. The resident shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia considering gains arising pursuant 
to this Open Offer. The resident shareholders undertake to f ully indemnify the Acquirers if any tax 
demand is raised on the Acquirers on account of income arising to the resident shareholders pursuant 
to this Open Offer. The resident shareholders also undertake to provide the Acquirers on demand, the 
relevant detai ls in respect of the taxability/ non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, 
copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
 
(ii) Non-resident shareholders – FIIs 
 
Section 393 of IT Act, provides for a specific exemption from withholding tax at source from any income, by way 
of Capital Gains arising to an FII from the transfer of securities referred to in Section 210 of the IT Act. Thus, no 
withholding of tax is required in case  of consideration payable to FIIs/FPIs.  
 
(iii) Non-resident shareholders (other than FIIs):  
 
A. Each non -resident shareholder will confirm its status by selecting the appropriate box in the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
 
B. Section 393 of the IT Act provides that any person responsible for paying to a non -resident, any sum 
chargeable to tax under the provisions of the IT Act is required to deduct tax at source at applicable 
rates in force (including applicable surcharge and cess). This tax shall be deducted at appropriate rates 
as per the IT Act read with the provisions of the relevant DTAA, if applicable . 
 
C. However, the Acquirers will not be able to deduct income -tax at source on the consideration payable 
to such non -resident shareholder s as there is no ability for the Acquirers to deduct taxes since the 
remittance / payment will be routed through the stock exchange, and there will be no direct payment 
by the Acquirers to the non -resident shareholders.  
 
D. Since the tendering of shares under  the Open Offer is through the stock exchange, the responsibility to 
discharge tax due on the gains (if any) is on the non -resident shareholder given that practically it is not 
possible to withhold taxes and the Acquirers believe that the responsibility of  withholding / discharge 
of the taxes due on such gains (if any) on sale of Equity Shares is solely on the custodians / authorized 
dealers / non -resident shareholders – with no recourse to the Acquirers. It is therefore recommended 
that the non -resident sh areholders consult their custodians / authorized dealers / tax advisors 
appropriately. In the event the Acquirers are held liable for the tax liability of the shareholder, the same 
shall be to the account of the shareholder and to that extent the Acquirers  should be fully indemnified.  
 
 
  70  
E. The non -resident shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia considering gains arising 
pursuant to this Open Offer. The non -resident shareholders also undertake to provide the Acquirers, on 
demand, the relevan t details in respect of the taxability / non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this 
Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
 
 
(b) Remittance / Payment of Interest  
 
(i) In case of interest, if any, paid by the Acquirers to Public Shareholders (all such shareholders being 
resident shareholders) for delay in receipt of statutory approvals as per Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations or in accordance with Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations , the 
final decision to deduct tax or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirers 
depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments. In the event, to withhold tax, the 
same shall be basis the documents submitted along  with the Form of Acceptance or such additional 
documents as may be called for by the Acquirers. It is recommended that the Public Shareholders consult 
their custodians / authorized dealers / tax advisors appropriately with respect to the taxability of suc h 
interest amount (including on the categorization of the interest, whether as capital gains or as other 
income). In the event the Acquirers is held liable for the tax liability of the Public Shareholder, the same 
shall be to the account of the Public Shar eholder and to that extent the Acquirers should be fully 
indemnified.  
 
(ii) The Public Shareholders must file their tax return in India inter alia considering the interest (in addition 
to the gains on the sale of shares), if any, arising pursuant to this Open O ffer. The Public Shareholders 
also undertake to provide to the Acquirers, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / 
non-taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of 
the tax paid  etc. 
 
7. Rate of Surcharge and Cess  
 
In addition to the basic tax rate, applicable Surcharge, Health and Education Cess are currently leviable as under:  
 
(a) Surcharge  
 
(i) In case of domestic companies: Surcharge at 12 .00% (twelve per  cent) is leviable where the to tal income 
exceeds INR 10,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees ten crores only) and at 7 .00% (seven per  cent) where the total 
income exceeds INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees one crore only) but less than INR 10,00,00,000 (Indian 
Rupees ten crores only).  
 
(ii) In case of dome stic companies liable to pay tax under section 200 or section 201: Surcharge at 10 .00% 
(ten per  cent) is leviable.  
 
(iii) In case of companies other than domestic companies: Surcharge at 5 .00% (five per  cent) is leviable 
where the total income exceeds INR 10,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Ten Crores) and at 2 .00% (two per  
cent) where the total income exceeds INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Crore) but less than INR 
10,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Ten Crores).  
 
(iv) In case of individuals, HUF, AOP, BOI:  
 
A. Surcharge at the rate of 10 .00% (ten per  cent) is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 50,00,000 
(Indian Rupees fifty lakhs) but does not exceed INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees one crore only).  
 
B. Surcharge at the rate of 15 .00% (fifteen per  cent) is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 
1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees one crore only) but does not exceed INR 2,00,00,000 (Ind  Rupees Two 
Crores ). 
 
 
 
  71 C. Surcharge at the rate of 25 .00% (twenty five per  cent) is leviable whe re the total income exceeds INR 
2,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two Crores) but does not exceed INR 5,00,00,000 (I  Indian Rupees Five 
Crores ). 
 
D. Surcharge at the rate of 37 .00% (thirty seven per  cent) is leviable where the total income exceeds INR 
5,00,00,000 (I ndian Rupees Five Crores).  
 
The enhanced surcharge rate of 37 .00% (thirty seven per  cent) is not applicable for eligible taxpayers 
opting for tax regime under Section 202 of the IT Act.  
 
(v) However, for the purpose of income chargeable under section 196, 198 and 210 of the IT Act (for income 
chargeable to tax under the head capital gains), the surcharge rate shall not exceed 15 .00% (fifteen per  
cent).  
 
(vi) In case of Firm and Local Authority: Surcharge at 12 .00% (twelve per  cent) is leviable where the total 
income exceeds INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees one crore only).  
(b) Cess  
 
Health and Education Cess at 4 .00% (four per  cent) is currently leviable in all cases.  
 
8. Others  
 
(a) Notwithstanding the details provided above, all payments will be made to the Public Shareholders subject to 
compliance with prevailing tax laws.  
 
(b) The tax deducted by the Acquirers while making payment to a Public Shareholder may not be the final tax 
liability of such Public Shareholder and shall in no way discharge the obligation of the P ublic Shareholder to 
appropriately disclose the amounts received by it, pursuant to this Open Offer, before the income -tax authorities.  
 
(c) The Acquirers will deduct tax (if required) as per the information provided and representation made by the Public 
Share holders. In the event of any income -tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any 
misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided /to be provided by the Public Shareholder, 
such Public Shareholder will be responsible to pay such income -tax demand under the IT Act and provide the 
Acquirers with all information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before 
income tax / appellate authority in India.  
 
THE TAX RATES AND OTHER PROVISIONS MAY UNDERGO  CHANGES. THE ABOVE NOTE ON 
TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND DOES NOT 
PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES 
OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY R EGULATORS 
NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO 
THE COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  72 XI. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
  
Copies  of the following documents will be available for inspection to the Public Shareholders at the registered  
office of the Manager to the Offer at 10th Floor, Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani  Road, Opposite Parel 
ST Depot, Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025, Maharashtra, India , between 10: 00 AM and 05:00 PM on any Working 
Day (except Saturdays  and Sundays ) during the period from the date of commencement of the Tendering Period 
until the date of closur e of the Tendering Period.  
 
Copies  of the following documents will also be available for inspection to the Public Shareholders electronically 
during the Tendering Period. The Public Shareholders interested to inspect any of the following documents can 
send an email from their registered email IDs (including shareholding details and authority letter in the event the 
Public Shareholder is a corporate body) with a subject line “Documents for Inspection – Restaurant Brands Asia  
Limited  Open Offer ”, to the Mana ger of the Offer at rbal.openoffer@motilaloswal.com ; and upon receipt and 
processing of the received request, access can be pro vided to the respective Public Shareholders for electronic 
inspection of d ocuments : 
 
 
1. Copies of the certificate of incorporation and /or constitutional documents of the Acquirer s and PAC . 
 
2. Copies of annual reports  for the financial years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 along with the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 , of the Target Company.  
 
3. Certificate dated January 20, 2026,  from Nikunj Raichura and Associates, Chartered Accountants through its 
Proprietor, Nikunj Raichura, (Membersh ip No. 180493 and firm registration no. 158531W) having their office at 
B 9 1st Floor Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru Cross Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 
400067, certifying that the Acquirers has adequate financial resources to fulfil l their obligations under this Offer  
(bearing Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 26180493BUAKSN2894) .  
 
4. Certificate dated January 20, 2026,  from Nikunj Raichura and Associates, Chartered Accountants through its 
Proprietor, Nikunj Raichura, (Membership N o. 180493 and firm registration no. 158531W) having their office at 
B 9 1st Floor Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru Cross Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 
400067, certifying the Offer Price computation  and the status of the Equity Shares b eing frequently traded  (bearing 
Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 26180493VUIMCX3232 ). 
 
5. Copies of Acquirer  1's (a) audited financial statements of financial years ended 2024, (b) audited financial 
statements of financial years ended 2025 and (c) audited financial statements of financial years ended 2026, and 
(d) the CA certificate  dated May 25, 2026  for certifying certain  financial information of the Acquirer 1  as on 
March  31, 202 6, March  31, 202 5 and March  31, 202 4 (bearing Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 
26180493XNTBDD2604 ).   
 
6. Copies of Acquirer 2's (a) audited financial statements of financial years ended 2024, (b) audited financial 
statements of financial years ended 2025, (c) audited financial statements of financial years ended 2026, and (d) 
the CA certificate dated May 25, 2026 for certifying certain financial information of Acquirer 2  as on March  31, 
2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024  (bearing Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 
26180493OTYRJE5742 ).  
 
7. Copies of Acquirer 3's (a) audited financial statements of financial years ended 2026  and (b)  the CA certificate 
dated May 25, 2026 for certifying certain financial information  as on March 31, 202 6 and March 31, 2025  (bearing 
Unique Identification Number ( UDIN) – 26180493PKJXLX7592  ).  
 
8. Certificate  dated May 25, 2026 , from Nikunj Raichura and Associates, Chartered Accountants through its 
Proprietor, Nikunj Raichura, (Membership No. 180493 and firm registration no. 158531W) having their office at 
B 9 1st Flo or Sanghavi Apts, Kamla Nehru Cross Road No 1, Kandivali (West ), Mumbai , Maharashtra, India,   
400067,  certifying the Networth of Acquirer 4  (bearing Unique Document Identification Number (UDIN) – 
26180493HHVIRS7506 ). 
 
 
 
  73 9. Copies of PAC's (a) audited financial statements of financial years ended 202 6 and (b) the CA certificate dated 
May 25, 2026 for certifying certain financial information  as on March  31, 202 6 and March 31, 2025  (bearing 
Unique Identification Number (UDIN) – 26180493EDQZGQ2994 ).  
 
10. Copy of l etter dated January 21, 2026 and May 20, 2026 received from the Escrow Banker /Escrow Agent  
confirming the receipt of the cash deposit in the Escrow Account.  
 
11. Copy of the Escrow  Agreement dated  January 20, 2026, entered into between the Acquirers, the Manager to the 
Open Offer and the Escrow Agent;  
 
12. Copy of the bank guarantee dated January 20, 2026 from RBL Bank Limited for an amount of INR 220,65,00,000/ - 
(Indian Rupees Two Hund red and Twenty Crores and Sixty Five Lakhs)  as amended on May 19 , 2026 to an 
increased amount of NR 2 21,65,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Hundred and Twenty One Crores and Sixty Five 
Lakhs) , in favour of the Manager to the Open Offer.  
 
13. Copy of the SSA  dated J anuary 20, 2026 . 
 
14. Copy of the SPA  dated January 20, 2026 . 
 
15. Copy of PA dated January 20, 2026 , published copy of the DPS dated January 27, 2026 , Letter of Offer, dispatch 
advertisement and issue opening public announcement (as will be issued) and any corrigendum to these.  
 
16. A copy of the recommendation made by the Target Company's committee of independent directors constituted by 
the Board to be published in the Newspapers.  
 
17. A copy of the observation letter no. HO/49/12/11(45)2026 -CFD -RAC -DCR2  from SEBI  dated April 30, 2026  on 
the DLoF.  
 
18. Copy of the SEBI e -mail dated May 11, 2026 granting the Acquirers an extension  in filing the LoF.  
 
  
 
 
  74 XII. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER S AND PAC  
  
A. The Acquirer s and the PAC accept full responsibility for the information contai ned in the PA, DPS , the DloF  and this 
LoF (other than s pecified in Para B below ), and also for the obligations of the Acquirers laid down in the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations in respect of this Offer and undertake that they are aware of and will comply with their 
obligations under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations in respect of this Open Offer.  
 
B. The Acquirers and PAC accept full responsibility for their obligations under the Open Offer and shall be jointly and 
severally responsible for fulfilment  of obligation and ensuring compliance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations in 
respect of this Open Offer.  
 
C. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the PA , the DPS, the DLoF, this LoF or any other 
advertisement/publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been compiled from publicly available 
sources  or pro vided by the Target Co mpany . All the information pertaining to the Sellers contained in the PA, the 
DPS, the DLoF, this LoF or any other advertisement/publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been 
obtained from the Sellers  or compiled from publicly available sour ces. The Acquirer s, the PAC and the Manager to 
the Offer do not accept any responsibility with respect to the information pro vided by the Target Company  and/or 
the Sellers . 
 
D. The persons signing this LoF are duly and legally authorized by the Acquirer s and PAC, as applicable, to sign the 
LoF. 
 
 
Issued by the Manager to the Open Offer  
Lenexis Foodworks Private Limited (Acquirer 1)  
 
S/D - 
 
For and on behalf of Aayush Agrawal Trust (Acquirer 2)  
 
S/D - 
 
For and on behalf of Inspira Foodworks  Private Limited (formerly Inspira Realty 1 Private Limited) (Acquirer 3)  
 
S/D - 
 
For Mr. Aayush Madhusudan Agrawal (Acquirer 4)  
 
S/D - 
 
For and on behalf of Inspira Agro Trading LLC (PAC)  
 
S/D - 
 
Place: Mumbai, India  
Date: May 26, 2026  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  75 XIII.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED  
(Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill this Form of Acceptance, unless 
required by their respective Selling Broker. Public Shareholders holding shares in physical form (resident and non -resident) 
are required to send this Form of Acceptance along with the enclosures to the Registrar to the Offer, at  its registered office 
address provided in the LoF. Capitalized terms and expressions used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning 
as ascribed to them in the LoF.)  
TENDERING PERIOD FOR THIS OPEN OFFER  
OFFER OPENS ON  Monday, June 8, 2026  
OFFER CLOSES ON  Friday, June 19, 2026   
To,  
The Acquirers,   
Unit: - Restaurant Brands Asia Limited - Open Offer   
C/o MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)  
C-101, Embassy 247, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India.   
Phone: + 91 810 811 4949; Fax:  +91 22 49186060  
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar  
Email: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.m pms.mufg.com    
Investor Grievance Id: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com    
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub:  OPEN OFFER FOR ACQUI SITION  UP TO 20,80,61,717 (TWENTY CRORES EIGHTY LAKHS SIXTY 
ONE THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED AND SEVENTEEN) EQUITY SHARES (“OFFER SHARES”), 
REPRESENTING 26.00% (TWENTY SIX PERCENT) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE CAPITAL) 
OF RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITEDBY LENEXIS FOODWO RKS PRIV ATE LIMITED  
(“ACQUIRER 1”), AAYUSH AGRAWAL TRUST  (“ACQUIRER 2”), INSPIRA FOODWORKS PRIV ATE 
LIMITED  (“ACQUIRER 3”), MR. AAYUSH MADHUSUDAN AGRAWAL  (“ACQUIRER 4”)  (ACQUIRER  
1, ACQUIRER 2, ACQUIRER 3  AND ACQUIRER 4  TOGETHER, THE “ ACQUIRERS ”) TOGETHER 
WITH Inspira Agro Trading LLC IN ITS CAPACITY AS PERSON ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THE 
ACQUIRER S (“PAC”).  
I / We refer to the Letter of Offer dated May 26, 2026 , for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me / us in the Target 
Company.   
I/We, the undersigned, have read the Public Announcement, Detailed Public Statement, Letter of Offer and understood its 
contents, terms and conditions, and unconditionally accepted th e terms and conditions as mentioned therein.  
 
I / We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/ statements given herein by me/ us are true and correct.  
Details of Public Shareholder:  
 
Name (in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the shareholder(s)  Permanent Account Number 
(PAN)  
(Please write names of the joint 
holders in the same order as 
appearing in the Equity Share  
certificate(s) / demat account)  Sole /  
First      
Second      
Third      
 
 
  76 Contact number(s) of the first 
holder  Tel No. (With STD Code): Fax 
No. (with STD Code):  Mobile No.:  
Full address of the first holder 
(with pin code)      
Email address of first holder      
Date and place of incorporation 
(if applicable)      
  
FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM:  
I/We, confirm that our residential status under the IT Act  is as below (please tick whichever is applicable).  
☐ Resident  
☐ Non-Resident  
  
I / We, holding Equity Shares in physical form, accept this Offer and enclose the original share certificate(s) and duly sign ed 
transfer form(s) in respect of my / our Equity Shares in respect of my/our Equity Shares as detailed below along with 
enclosures  as mentioned herein:  
 
Sr. 
No.  Regd. Folio  
Number  Share Certificate Number  Distinctive Numbers  No. of Equity  
Shares  From  To  
1            
2            
3            
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach a separate sheet 
with the above details and authenticate the same)  TOTAL    
  
Enclosures (tick whichever is applicable)  
 
☐  Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public Shareholder, has signed this Form of  
Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement or Equity Share transfer form(s)  
☐  Original Equity Share certificate(s)  
☐  Valid Equity Share transfer form(s)  
☐  Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and specimen signatures of 
authorized signatories  
☐  Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in case of single 
Shareholder), in case the original Shareholder has expired  
☐  Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
☐  Other relevant documents (please specify)  
  
FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS (DEMAT SHARES AND PHYSICAL SHARES):  
I / We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me / us under this Offer are free from liens, 
charges, equitable interests and encumbrances and are being tendered together with all rights attached thereto, including 
all rights to  dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter.  
 
I / We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts in any manner 
my/our right to tender Equity Shares in this Offer and that I/ we am/are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares in this 
Offer.  
 
I / We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Equity Shares in the Offer on the foregoing basis.  
 
 
 
  77 I / We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for hold ing the Equity Shares and/or for tendering the Equity Shares 
in this Offer have been enclosed herewith.  
 
I / We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity Shares held by me/us will not contravene any applicable law and will 
not breach the terms of a ny agreement (written or otherwise) that I/we are a party to. My / Our execution of this Form of 
Acceptance shall constitute my / our warranty that the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned by me / us. 
If any claim is made by any third part y in respect of the said Equity Shares, I / we will hold the Acquirers harmless and 
indemnified against any loss they or either of them may suffer in the event these Equity Shares are acquired by the 
Acquirers.   
 
I / We irrevocably agree that the Acquirer s will pay the consideration as per secondary market mechanism only after 
verification of the documents and signatures, as applicable submitted along with this Form of Acceptance. I / We undertake 
to return to the Acquirers any Open Offer consideration tha t may be wrongfully received by me / us.   
 
I / We confirm that I / We are not persons acting in concert or persons deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirers or 
the PAC or any other parties to the SSA or the SPA.  
 
I / We give my/our consent to the Acquirers and/or PAC to file any statutory documents on my/our behalf in relation to 
accepting the Equity Shares in this Offer. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances 
that may be required or expedient to give effect to my/our tender/offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken 
by the Acquirers and/or PAC to effectuate this Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
I / We confirm that I / we are in compli ance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the PA, the DPS and the LoF.  
 
I / We are / am not debarred from dealing in shares or securities.  
 
I / We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against us which may affect the legality of the transfer of 
Equity Shares under the IT Act  including but not limited to section 281 of the IT Act . I/We confirm that no notice has 
been issued by  the income tax authorities impacting the rights to transfer the shares.  
 
I / We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any 
misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided / to be provided by me / us, or as a result of income tax 
(including any consequent interest and penalty) on the capital gains arising from tendering of the Equity Shares, I / we will  
indemnify the Acquirers for such income tax demand (including interest, penal ty, etc.) and provide the Acquirers with all 
information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before any income tax / appellate 
authority.  
 
I / We note and understand that a lien will be marked against the Equity Shares tend ered by me by the Clearing Corporation 
until the settlement date whereby the Acquirers makes payment of purchase consideration as mentioned in the LoF.  
 
I/We confirm that I/we hold the Equity Shares as ‘capital asset’ or ‘stock -in-trade’.  I/We note and u nderstand that the 
Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be held by the Registrar to the Offer/ Clearing Corporation in trust for me/us till 
the date the Acquirers makes payment of consideration as mentioned in the LoF, or the date by which other docume nts are 
dispatched to the Public Shareholders, as the case may be. I/We also note and understand that the consideration will be paid 
only to those Public Shareholders who have validly tendered their Equity Shares in this Offer, in accordance with the terms  
of the LoF.  
 
I / We authorise the Acquirers to accept the Equity Shares so offered or such lesser number of Equity Shares which the 
Acquirers may decide to accept in consultation with the Manager to the Open Offer and the Registrar to the Offer and in 
terms of the LoF. I / we further authorize the Acquirers to return to me / us, Equity Shares in respect of which this Offer is 
not found valid / not accepted without specifying the reasons thereof.   
 
I / We authorize the Acquirers, and the Registrar to the Offer to return to me/ us by speed  post, unaccepted documents, if 
any, at my/our sole risk, without specifying the reasons thereof.  
 
I/We, confirm that our residential status under the IT Act  is as below (please tick whichever is applicable).  
☐  Resident  
 
 
  78 ☐  Non-Resident  
  
I / We confirm that my/our status as shareholder is (please tick whichever is applicable):  
 
☐  Individual  ☐  Domestic  
Company   ☐  Foreign Company  ☐  FII/FPI –  
Corporate  ☐  FII/FPI -  
Others  
☐  Foreign Trust  ☐  Private  Equity  
Fund / AIF  ☐  Pension/Provident  
Fund  ☐  Sovereign  
Wealth Fund  ☐  FVCI  
☐  Financial  
Institution  ☐  NRIs/PIOs – 
repatriable  ☐  NRIs/PIOs - non- 
repatriable  ☐  OCB  ☐  QFI  
☐  Insurance 
Company   ☐  Domestic Trust  ☐  Banks : ☐  Association of 
person/Body of 
Individual : ☐  Partnership/  
Proprietorship firm  
☐  Others – please 
specify   
  
FOR NRIS/OCB/FIIS, FPIS AND SUB -ACCOUNTS/OTHER NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:  
 
I / We confirm that my/our investment status is (please tick whichever is applicable):  
☐  FDI Route  
☐  PIS Route  
☐  Any other – please specify __________________________________________  
  
I / We confirm that Equity Shares tendered by me/us are held on (please tick whichever is applicable):  
☐  Repatriable basis  
☐  Non-repatriable basis  
  
I / We confirm that (please tick whichever is applicable):  
☐  No RBI, FIPB or other regulatory approval was required by me for holding Equity Shares that have been t endered 
in this Open Offer and the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI  
☐  Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Equity Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer are 
enclosed herewith  
☐  Copy of RBI Registration  letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me/us is enclosed herewith  
  
I/We confirm that (please tick whichever is applicable):  
☐  No RBI, FIPB or other regulatory approval is required by me for tendering the Equity Shares in this Open Offer  
☐  Copies of all approvals required by me for tendering Equity Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith  
☐  There are no taxes or other claims pending against us which may affect the legality of the transfer of Equity Shares 
under the IT Act  including but not limited to section 281 of the IT Act   
☐  In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, pen alty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, 
inaccuracy, error, negligence or omission of information provided / to be provided by me / us, I / we will indemnify 
the Acquirers for such income tax demand (including interest, penalty, cost of litigation e tc.) and provide the 
Acquirers with all information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before any 
income tax / appellate authority  
  
ADDITIONAL CONFIRMATIONS AND ENCLOSURES FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS, AS 
APPLICABLE:   
I / We, have enclosed the following documents (please tick whichever is applicable):   
☐  Self-attested copy of PAN card.   
☐   
 
 
  79 ☐   Self-declaration form in Form 15 G / Form 15 H, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy (applicable only for 
interest payment, if any).  
☐  No objection certificate / Tax clearance certificate from income tax authorities, for deduction of tax at a lower rate / 
NIL rate on income from sale of shares and interest income, if any, wherever applicable.   
☐  For Mutual Funds/ Banks/ notified institutions/ other shareholders, self -attested copy of relevant registration or 
notification in support of the claim that they are eligible to exemption from withholding tax (applicable in case of 
interest payment, if any ).  
☐  ‘Valid Tax Residency Certificate’ issued by the income tax authority of a foreign country of which he / it claims to 
be a tax resident, in case the Public Shareholder intends to claim benefit under the DTAA between India and that 
jurisdiction in which the Public Shareholder claims to be resident and a duly filled in ‘Form 10F’ as prescribed under 
the IT Act. Such other information and documentation as may be required depending upon specific terms of the 
relevant DTAA read with the provisions of MLI, includi ng but not limited to a declaration of not having a permanent 
establishment in India and declaration of characterisation of income arising from the Open Offer.   
☐  SEBI registration certificate for FIIs / FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs).  
☐  SEBI registration certificate issued to Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Funds if such fund intends 
to claim exemption from TDS under Section 197A(1F) of the IT Act.   
☐  Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI regulations 
(mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs).  
☐   Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has signed the Form -of-
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  
☐  Corporate authorization, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the Board Resolution and Specimen  
Signatures of Authorised Signatories  
☐  Other relevant documents (Please specify) ________________________________________  
 
BANK DETAILS:  
For Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, the bank account details for the purpose of interest 
payment, if any, will be taken from the record of the depositories.  
 
So as to avoid fraudulent encashment in transit, the Public Sha reholder(s) holding physical shares should provide details 
of bank account of the first/sole shareholder.  
 
Name of the Bank    
Branch Address and Pin Code    
Account Number    
IFSC Code    
MICR Code    
Type of Account - Savings/ Current/ Others (please specify)    
  
In case of interest payments, if any, by the Acquirers for delay in payment of Open Offer consideration or a part thereof, 
the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of consideration, or the quantum of 
taxes to be  deducted rests solely with the Acquirer depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments .  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
Signed and Delivered:  Full Name  PAN  Signature  
First / Sole Holder        
Joint Holder 1        
Joint Holder 2        
Joint Holder 3        
  
 
 
  80 Note : In case of joint holdings, all must sign. In case of body corporate, the common seal should be affixed and necessary 
board resolutions should be attached.  
  
Place: _________________  
Date: __________________  
   
----------------------------------------- --------------------- Tear Here -------------------------------------------------------------   
  
Acknowledgement Receipt – Restaurant Brands Asia Limited – Open Offer – 2026   
  
Received from Mr./Ms./M/s. ___________________________________________________________________  
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement for Restaurant Brands Asia Limited – Open Offer – 2026 as per 
details below:   
Copy of delivery instruction to depository  participant of Client ID for ____________________________ Equity 
Shares   
Date of Receipt:   
Stamp of collection centre:   
Signature of Official  
  
     
 
 
  81 INSTRUCTIONS  
Capitalized terms used and not defined in these instructions will have the same meaning as provided in the Letter of Offer 
dated May 26, 2026 .  
 
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OR ANY 
OTHER DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE ACQUIRERS, THE TARGET COMPANY OR 
TO THE MANAGER TO THE OPEN OFFER.  
 
2. This Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should be legible and should be f illed-up in English only.  
 
3. All queries pertaining to this Open Offer may be directed to the Registrar to the Offer.  
 
4. AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 40(1) OF THE SEBI (LODR) REGULATIONS AND 
SEBI’S PRESS RELEASE DATED DECEMBER 3, 2018, BEARING REFERENCE NO. PR 49/2018, 
REQUESTS FOR TRANSFER OF SECURITIES SHALL NOT BE PROCESSED UNLESS THE 
SECURITIES ARE HELD IN DEMATER IALISED FORM WITH A DEPOSITORY WITH EFFECT 
FROM APRIL 1, 2019. HOWEVER, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CIRCULAR ISSUED BY SEBI 
BEARING REFERENCE NUMBER SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 DATED FEBRUARY 16, 2023, 
SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN PHYSICAL FORM ARE AL LOWED TO TENDER 
SHARES IN AN OPEN OFFER. SUCH TENDERING SHALL BE AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS.  
 
5. The Public Shareholders who are holding the Equity Shares in physical form and who wish to tender their Equity 
Shares in this Offer sha ll approach the and submit the following set of documents for verification procedure as 
mentioned below:  
a) Original share certificate(s);  
b) Valid share transfer form(s), i.e. Form SH -4, duly filled, stamped and signed by the transferor(s) (i.e. by all 
regist ered shareholder(s) in the same order and as per specimen signatures registered with the Target 
Company), and duly witnessed at the appropriate place;  
c) Self-attested copy of the Public Shareholder’s PAN Card (in case of joint holders, the PAN card copy of all 
transferors);  
d) This Form - for Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, duly completed and signed in 
accordance with the instructions contained herein, by sole/joint shareholders whose name(s) appears on the 
share certificate(s) and in the same order and as per the specimen signature lodged with the Target Company;  
e) A self -attested copy of the address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar 
card, voter identity card, passport or driving license; and  
f) Any ot her relevant document including (but not limited to) such as power of attorney, corporate authorization 
(including board resolution(s)/ specimen signature(s)), notarised copy/(ies) of death certificate(s) and 
succession certificate(s) or probated will(s), if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as applicable.  
g) Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should note that such Equity Shares will 
not be accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted .  
 
6. In case of unregistered owners of Equity Shares in physical form, the Public Shareholder should provide an 
additional valid share transfer form(s) duly signed by the unregistered owner as transferor(s) by the sole/joint Public 
Shareholder(s) in the same or der and duly witnessed at the appropriate place. The transfer form should be left blank, 
except for the signatures and witness details.   
 
7. PLEASE DO NOT FILL IN ANY OTHER DETAILS IN THE TRANSFER FORM.   
 
8. Attestation, where required (as indicated in the shar e transfer form) (thumb impressions, signature difference, etc.) 
should be done by a Magistrate, Notary Public or Special Executive Magistrate or a similar authority holding a 
public office and authorized to issue the seal of his office or a member of a re cognized stock exchange under their 
seal of office and membership number or manager of the transferor’s bank.  
 
9. In case the share certificate(s) and the transfer form(s) are lodged with the Target Company / its transfer agents for 
transfer, then the accept ance shall be accompanied by the acknowledgement of lodgement with, or receipt by, the 
Target Company / its transfer agents, of the share certificate(s) and the transfer form(s).  
 
 
  82 10. The Public Shareholder should ensure that the certificate(s) and above docum ents should be sent only to the 
Registrar to the Offer either by speed  post or courier or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer: i.e. 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  on or before the date of closure 
of the Tendering Period, at the following address: C -101, Embassy 247, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400 
083, Maharashtra, India.  
 
11. The Selling Broker should place bids on the Exchange Platform with relevant details as mentioned on physical s hare 
certificate(s). The Selling Broker(s) shall print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the exchange 
bidding system. The TRS will contain the details of order submitted including Folio No., Certificate No. Dist. Nos., 
number of Equity S hares, etc.  
 
12. Public Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in dematerialized form under the Offer would have to 
do so through their respective selling member by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under 
the Offer.  
 
13. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in this Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgement as the order in which they hold the Equity Shares, and should be duly witnessed. This order 
cannot be changed or alte red nor can any new name be added for the purpose of accepting the Offer.  
 
14. If the Equity Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Equity Shares will be returned to the sole/first named 
Public Shareholder(s) along with all the documents received at  the time of submission.  
 
15. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in the LoF in Section IX (Procedure 
for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer ).  
 
16. The LoF along with this Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is bei ng dispatched/sent through electronic 
mail to all the Public Shareholders as on the Identified Date, who have registered their email ids with the 
Depositories. In case of non -receipt of the LoF, the Public Shareholders of the Target Company may download th e 
same from the respective websites of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), the Registrar to the Offer (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), 
the Manager to the Open Offer ( www.motilaloswalgroup.com ), BSE ( www.bseindia.com ), and NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary 
evidence of holding of the Equity Shares.  
 
17. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of 
the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent.  
 
18. All documents/remittances sent by or to Public Shareholders will be at  their own risk. Public Shareholders are 
advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
 
19. The Selling Broker(s) shall print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the exchange bidding system.  
 
20. In case any person has submitte d Equity Shares in physical form for dematerialisation, such Public Shareholders 
should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time so that they can 
participate in the Open Offer before close of Tendering P eriod.  
 
21. The Tender Form and TRS is not required to be submitted to the Acquirers, the PAC, the Manager to the Open Offer 
or the Registrar to the Offer. Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill this 
Form of Accepta nce-cum-Acknowledgment unless required by their respective selling broker. Equity Shares under 
lock in will be required to fill the respective Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment.  
 
22. All Public Shareholders, (including residents, non -resident Indians, ove rseas corporate bodies or non -resident 
shareholders), must obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without 
limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the other documents requi red to accept 
this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares 
tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including 
non-resident Indians, OCBs, FIIs and FPIs) had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other 
regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit copies of such previous 
approvals, that  they would have o btained for holding the Equity Shares, in order to tender the Equity Shares held 
 
 
  83 by them in the Open Offer, along with the other documents required to be submitted to accept this Offer. In the event 
such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserve t heir right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open 
Offer. Public Shareholders classified as OCBs, if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer 
pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the FEMA and the rules and r egulations made thereunder. Such 
OCBs shall approach the RBI independently to seek approval to tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open 
Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder shoul d 
state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission and clarify whether they are held on a repatriable 
basis or a non -repatriable basis .  
 
23. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder shoul d state that 
the Equity Shares are held under general permission and whether they are held on repatriable basis or non -repatriable 
basis.  
 
24. Interest payment, if any: In case of interest payments by the Acquirers for delay in payment of Offer consideration 
or a part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of 
consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirers depending on the settlement 
mechanism for such interest paymen ts.  
 
25. Public Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the following documents to the Registrar 
to the Offer.  
 
For resident Public Shareholders:  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card;  
 
☐ Certificate from the income tax authorities under Section 197 of the IT Act  wherever applicable, in relation to 
payment of interest, if any, for delay in payment of consideration (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate);  
☐ Self-declaration in Form 15G/Form 15H (in duplicate), if applicable;  
 
☐ For specified entities under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the IT Act  self-attested copy of relevant registration or 
notification (applicable only for interest payment, if any);  
 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu 
Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other  
– please specify).  
 
For n on-resident Public Shareholders:  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card;  
 
☐ Certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the IT Act , wherever applicable (certificate for deduction of tax 
at lower rate) from the income tax authorities under the IT Act , indicating the amount of tax to be deducted by the 
Acquirers before remitting the amount of interest;  
 
☐ Tax Residency Certificate and  Form 10F and other information or documents as may be required to claim relief 
under the provisions of applicable double taxation avoidance agreement;  
 
☐ Self-attested declaration that it does not have a Permanent Establishment in India either under the IT Act or 
applicable between India and any other foreign country or specified Territory (as notified under Section 90 or Section 
90A of the IT Act ) of which the Public Shareholder claims to be a tax resident;  
 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of res idential status and tax status of Public Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu 
Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other  
– please specify);  
 
☐ Tax certificate issued by the income ta x/statutory authorities of the overseas jurisdiction where the non -resident 
Public Shareholder is a resident for tax purposes, indicating the quantum of Overseas Tax along with any other 
information as may be relevant for this transaction.  
 
 
  84  
None of the Ac quirers, Manager to the Offer, Registrar to the Offer, the Target Company or any affiliates of any of the 
foregoing will be liable for any delay/loss in transit resulting in delayed receipt/non -receipt by the Registrar to the Offer of 
your Form of Acceptan ce. 
 
In an event of non -submission of NOC or certificate for deduction of tax at nil/lower rate, tax will be deducted up to the 
maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the relevant category, to which the Public Shareholder belongs, by the 
Acquirers.  
 
The tax deducted under this Offer is not the final liability of the Public Shareholders or in no way discharges the obligatio n 
of Public Shareholders to disclose the consideration received pursuant to this Offer in their respective tax returns. All Pub lic 
Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may be given by their respective assessing 
officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirers and the Manager to the Offe r 
do not  accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of such advice. The tax rates and other provisions may 
undergo change.  
 
FOR DETAILED PROCEDURE IN RESPECT OF TENDERING EQUITY SHARES IN THIS OPEN OFFER, 
PLEASE REFER TO THE LoF.  
 
All future correspo ndence, if any, should be addressed to the respective Selling Broker, or to the Registrar to the Offer at 
the following address:  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)  
Unit: - Restaurant Brands Asia Limited - Open Offer  
Address:  C-101, Embassy ,  
L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West),  Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India;   
Phone: + 91 810 811 4949; Fax:  +91 22 49186060  
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar   
Email: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Investor Grievance Id: restaurantbrandsopenoffer@in.mpms.mufg.com    
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com    
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058   
     

 
 
  85 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
[Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Sub -Rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules 2014 ]  
  
                                                                            Date of execution:                   /                      /  
  
FOR THE CONSIDERATION stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named 
the sec urities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and 
the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.   
  
CIN:   L  5 5  2  0  4  M  H  2  0  1  3  F  L  C  2  4  9  9  8  6  
  
Name of the company (in full): RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED   
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is listed, (if any): BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited   
  
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES:  
  
Kind / Class of securities 
(1) Nominal value of each unit 
of security (2)  Amount called up per unit 
of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity Shares  INR 10/ -   INR 10/ -   INR 10/ - 
  
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (in INR)  
In figures  In words  In words  In figures  
        
Distinctive Number   From          
To         
Corresponding  
Certificate Nos.            
  
  
Transferor’s Particulars:  
Registered Folio Number: _______________________________  
 
Name(s) in full  PAN No.  Signature(s)  
1. __________________________  ____________________________  _____________________________  
2. __________________________  ____________________________  _____________________________  
3. __________________________  ____________________________  _____________________________  
    
  
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
    
Signature of the witness:      
Name of the witness:   
Address of the witness:   
Pin code:   
 
 86   Transferee’s Particulars   
Name in full (1)   Father’s/ Mother’s / Spouse’s Name  Address & E -mail id (3)   
Lenexis Foodworks Private Limited  N.A.  Level 6, Gala Impecca, Next to Courtyard Marriott, 
CTS-29/1, Chakala, A.K. Road, Andheri (East), 
Mumbai, 400059  
priyanka.bhala@lenexis.in  
Occupation (4)   Existing Folio No., if any (5)   Signature (6)   
Business      
  
Folio No. of Transferee   Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)   
    
1. _______________________________________  
2. _______________________________________  
3. _______________________________________  
 
 
Value of Stamp affixed:  ______________________             
Enclosures:                 
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, Letter of allotment  
3. Copy of PAN Card of all Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others, specify ___________________________  
 Stamps:  
For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by ____________________________________  
 
Signatur e Tallied by _____________________________  
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on _______________  
 
________________vide Transfer no.________________  
 
Approval Date: _________________________________  
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death certificate / Letter of 
Administration  
 
Registered on __________________________________  
 
at No _________________________________________  
 
 
On the reverse page of certificate  
Name of Transferor  Name of Transferee  No. of Shares  Date of Transfer  
 
     
  
  
Signature of authorized signatory  
 
 