1  
 
 
 
 
 
  
LETTER  OF OFFER  
 
THIS  DOCUMENT  IS IMPORTANT  AND  REQUIRES  YOUR  IMMEDIATE  ATTENTION  
This Letter of  Offer  (as defined below ) is being sent to you  as a Public Shareholder ( as defined below ) of RBL Bank Limited. If  you require any  clarification  about the action  to be  taken, 
you may consult your stockbroker or investment consultant or the Manager ( as defined below )/Registrar to the Offer ( as defined below ). In case you  have recently  sold your Equity  Shares 
(as defined  below ) in RBL Bank Limited,  please  hand  over this Letter  of Offer  and the accompanying  Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  (as defined  below ) to the member  of stock  
exchange  through  whom  the said sale was effected.  
OPEN  OFFER  (“OPEN  OFFER ”/“OFFER ”) 
BY 
EMIRATES NBD BANK (P.J.S.C.)  
a public joint stock company,  
incorporated under the laws of Dubai, United Arab Emirates  
Regd.  office : Baniyas Street, Deira, P.O. Box 777, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates.  
Commercial Registration  number : 1013450  
 (Tel: +971 (0) 4 609 3 344; E mail ID : EmiratesNBDGCS@EmiratesNBD.com ) 
(hereinafter  referred  to as the “Acquirer ”)  
 
MAKES  A CASH OFFER  TO ACQUIRE  UP TO 415,586,443 (FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY -SIX THOUSAND FOUR 
HUNDRED AND FORTY -THREE) FULLY  PAID -UP EQUITY  SHARES  OF FACE  VALUE  OF ₹10 (TEN RUPEES) EACH  (“OFFER  SHARES”)  AT A PRICE OF ₹ 280.00 
(TWO HUNDRED AND EIGHTY RUPEES ) PER EQUITY SHARE (“OFFER PRICE”) ALONG WITH APPLICABLE INTEREST ( AS DEFINED BELOW ) OF ₹ 2.38 (TWO 
RUPEES THIRTY -EIGHT  PAISE) , REPRESENTING 26.00%* (TWENTY -SIX PER CENT.) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE CAPITAL ( AS DEFINED BELOW ) 
OF THE TARGET COMPANY, IN ACCORDAN CE WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND 
TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS,  2011 AND SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS THERETO (“SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS”) FROM THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ( AS 
DEFINED BELOW ). NO PERSON IS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THE ACQUIRER FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE OPEN OFFER.  
 
*The Open Offer size is subject to a proportionate reduction in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the S EBI (SAST) Regulations, such that the resulting shareholding 
of the Acquirer on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Tra nsaction (as defined below) does not exceed 75.00% of the Expanded Voting Share Capital (as defined below).  
 
OF 
RBL BANK LIMITED  
Regd.  office : 1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur –416001, Maharashtra, India . 
Corporate  identification  Number : L65191PN1943PLC007308  
(Tel: 022 43020600; E mail ID : secretarial@rbl.bank.in ) 
Website:  www.rbl.bank.in  (hereinafter  referred  to as “Target Company/TC ”) 
 
1. This Open  Offer  is being made by the Acquirer,  pursuant  to and in compliance  with the provisions  of Regulation  3(1),  Regulation  4 and other  applicable  regulations  of the SEBI (SAST)  Regulations.  
2. This Open  Offer  is not a conditional  offer  in terms  of Regulation  19 of the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations  and is not subject  to any minimum  level  of acceptance.  
3. This Open  Offer  is not  a competing  offer  in terms  of Regulation  20 of the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations.  
4. NRI ( as defined below ) and OCB ( as defined below ) holders of Equity Shares, if any, willing to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer, must obtain all requisite appro vals required to tender the Equity 
Shares held by them in this Offer (including, without limitation, approval from the RBI ( as defined below ), or any other relevant statutory or regulatory authority, as may be applicable, since the Equity Shares 
validly tendered in this Open Offer will be acquired by a non -resident entity) and submit cop ies of such approvals, along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement and other documents required in 
terms of this Letter of Offer. Further, if holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including NRIs , OCBs, and FPIs ( as defined below )), willing to tender their Equity Shares in this Open 
Offer, had required any approvals (including from the RBI, the FIPB ( as defined below ) or any other regulatory/statutory authority) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them at the time of original investment, 
they will be required to submit copies of such previous approvals, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Open Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer 
reserves the right to r eject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, the non-resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares 
are held under general permission and clarify whether the Equit y Shares are held on a repatriable or a non -repatriable basis.   
5. The Required Statutory Approvals ( as defined below ) required to acquire the Equity Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to this Offer and/or to complete the Underlying Tr ansaction ( as defined below ), have 
been received. As on the date of this Letter of Offer,  there  are no other  statutory  or regulatory  approvals  required  by the Acquirer , to acquire  the Equity  Shares  validly  tendered  by Public  Shareholders  pursuant  to 
this Open  Offer . However, in  case of any other  statutory  or regulatory  approvals  being  required  and/or  becoming  applicable  at a later  date, before  the closing  of the Tendering  Period ( as defined below ), this Open  
Offer would be subject to the receipt of  such approvals. Please  refer to Part C ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section  VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer ) of this Letter of  Offer for further details 
and the current status of  such statutory  and governmental  approval(s).  
6. Where any statutory or other approval extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the Acquirer shall have the opt ion to make payment to such Public  Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory or 
other approvals are required in order to complete this Open Offer.  
7. The Acquirer may  withdraw the Open  Offer in  accordance with  the terms and conditions specified in Part C ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms  and Conditions of the Open Offer ) of this 
Letter of Offer. In the event of a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirer (through the Manager) shall, within 2 (two)  Working  Days  (as defined below ) of such withdrawal, make  a public  announcement, in  
the same Newspapers  (as defined  below ) in which  the Detailed  Public Statement ( as defined  below ) was published, in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST)  Regulations and such public 
announcement will also be sent to SEBI ( as defined below ), Stock  Exchanges ( as defined below ) and the Target Company at its registered office.  
8. The Offer Price may be subject to upward revision, if any, pursuant to the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or at the discretion of th e Acquirer at any time prior to the  commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day 
before the commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the  event of  such revision, the Acquirer shall: (a) make corresponding increase to the 
Escrow Amount ( as defined below ) and/or Bank Guarantees ( as defined below ); (b)  make  a public  annou ncement  in the same  Newspapers ( as defined below ) in which  the Detailed Public Statement  (as defined 
below) was published;  and (c) simultaneously  with the issue  of such  public  announcement,  inform  SEBI,  the Stock  Exchanges, and the Target Company  at its registered office of  such revision. Such revised Offer 
Price would be payable for all the Equity Shares validly tendered during the Tendering Period of the Open Offer. However, the  Acquirer shall not acquire any Equity  Shares after the 3rd (third) Working  Day prior  
to the commencement  of the Tendering  Period, and until  the expiry  of the Tendering  Period. The  same  price  shall  be payable  by the Acquirer  for all the Equity  Shares tendered anytime during the Open Offer.  
9. The minimum lot size for the Open Offer is 1 (One) Equity Share.  
10. There  has been  no competing  offer  as of the date of this Letter  of Offer.  The last date for making such  competing  offer has expired.   
 
A copy of the Public Announcement ( as defined below ), the Detailed Public Statement ( as defined below ) each read with the SEC Corrigendum , RSA Corrigendum (as defined below ) and April Corrigendum ( as defined 
below ) and the Draft Letter of Offer ( as defined below ) read with the RSA Corrigendum and April Corrigendum  are available and a copy of this Letter of Offer ( including the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement ) 
is expected to be  available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”) (www.sebi.gov.in ). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2  
 
 
 
 
 
 MANAGER  TO THE  OPEN  OFFER  REGISTRAR  TO THE  OPEN  OFFER  
  
J.P. Morgan India Private  Limited  
J.P. Morgan Tower,  
Off CST Road,  
Kalina, Santacruz East,  
Mumbai, 400098  
Tel: +91 22 6157 3000  
Fax: +91 22 6157 3911  
E-mail : rbl_openoffer@jpmorgan.com  
Website : https://indiaipo.jpmorgan.com  
Contact  person : Nilay Bang  
SEBI  Registration  Number : INM000002970  
CIN: U67120MH1992FTC068724   
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
C-101, Embassy 247,  
Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg,  
Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai 400 083   
Tel: +91 810 811 4949  
Fax: +91 22 49186060 .  
E-mail : rblbank.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com   
Contact Person : Pradnya Karanjekar   
SEBI Registration Number : INR000004058  
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

3  
 SCHEDULE  OF MAJOR  ACTIVITIES  RELATING  TO THE  OFFER  
No. Name  of Activity  Original Schedule  of 
Activities  
(Date and Day)# Revised Schedule of 
Activities  
(Date and Day)  
1. Issue  of Public  Announcement  Saturday, 18 October 2025  Saturday, 18 October 2025  
2. Publication  of the Detailed Public Statement  in 
Newspapers  Tuesday, 28 October 2025$ Tuesday, 28 October 2025$ 
3. Last date for filing  of the Draft  Letter  of Offer  
with SEBI  Tuesday, 4 November 2025  Tuesday, 4 November 2025  
4. Last date for public  announcement  for 
competing  offer(s)  Wednesday, 19 November 
2025  Wednesday, 19 November 
2025@ 
5. Last date for receipt  of comments  from  SEBI  on 
the Draft  Letter  of Offer (in  the event  SEBI  has 
not sought  clariﬁcation  or additional  
information from the Manager to the Open 
Offer)  Wednesday, 26 November 
2025  Monday, 13 April 2026**  
6. Identiﬁed  Date*  Friday, 28 November 2025  Friday, 15 May 2026  
7. Last date for dispatch of this Letter of Offer to 
the Shareholders of the Target Company 
whose names appear on the register of 
members on the Identiﬁed Date  Friday, 5 December 2025  Monday, 25 May 2026  
8. Last date by  which  a committee of  independent  
directors  of the Target Company  is required  to 
give its recommendation  to the Shareholders  of 
the Target Company for this Open Offer  Wednesday, 10 December 
2025  Wednesday, 27 May 2026  
9. Last date for upward  revision  of the Offer  Price  
and/or  the Offer  Size Thursday, 11 December 
2025  Friday, 29 May 2026  
10. Date  of publication  of Open  Offer  opening  
public  announcement,  in the newspapers in 
which the Detailed Public Statement has been 
published  Thursday, 11 December 
2025  Friday, 29 May 2026  
11. Date  of commencement  of the Tendering  Period 
(“Offer Opening Date ”) Friday, 12 December 2025  Monday, 01 June 2026  
12. Date  of closure  of the Tendering  Period (“ Offer 
Closing Date ”) Friday, 26 December 2025  Friday, 12 June 2026  
13. Last date of communicating  the 
rejection/acceptance  and completion  of 
payment of consideration or refund of Equity 
Shares to the Shareholders of the Target 
Company  Friday, 9 January 2026  Monday, 29 June 2026  
4  
 No. Name  of Activity  Original Schedule  of 
Activities  
(Date and Day)# Revised Schedule of 
Activities  
(Date and Day)  
14. Last date for publication of post Open Offer 
public announcement in the newspapers in 
which the Detailed Public Statement has been 
published  Friday, 16 January 2026  Monday, 06 July 2026  
 
* Date falling on the 10th Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period. The Identified Date is only for the 
purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to whom this Letter of Offer would be sent. All the Public 
Shareholders (registered or unregi stered) are eligible to participate in this Open Offer at any time prior to the closure of the 
Tendering Period.  
 
# The original schedule of activities was indicative (prepared on the basis of timelines provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulat ions) 
and has been revised accordingly. To clarify, such activities may be undertaken on or before the respective last dates prescr ibed 
for them , subject to compliance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
@     There has been no competing offer as on the date of this Letter of Offer.  
**     Actual date of receipt of SEBI’s final observation on the Draft Letter of Offer.  
 
$ The Detailed Public Statement was published in the Mumbai edition of Mumbai Tarun Bharat on 29 October 2025.  
 
5  
 RISK  FACTORS  
The risk factors set forth below are limited to this Open Offer, the Underlying Transaction contemplated 
under the Investment Agreement and the Acquirer, and are not in relation  to the present  or future  
business  operations  of the Target  Company  or other  related  matters. These are neither exhaustive nor 
intended  to constitute a complete analysis of all the risks involved in the participation by Public 
Shareholders in this Open Offer, or in association with the Acquirer,  but are merely  indicative  in nature.  
Public  Shareholders  are advised  to consult  their stockbrokers,  legal advisors, investment  consultants  
and/or  tax advisors,  for understanding  and analysing  all risks associated with respect to their 
participation in this Open Offer. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective tax 
advisors for assessing the tax liability pursuant to this Open Offer, or in respect of any other aspects such 
as th e treatment that may be given by their respective assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate 
course of action that they should take. The Acquirer and the Manager do not accept any responsibility 
for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provision s set forth in this Letter of Offer.  
For capitalised  terms  used herein  please  refer to the section  on Definitions  and Abbreviations  set out below.  
1. Risks  relating  to the Open  Offer  and the Underlying  Transaction : 
1.1 This Open Offer is an open offer under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations to acquire up to 415,586,443 
(four hundred and fifteen million five hundred and eighty -six thousand four hundred and forty -three)  
Equity Shares representing 26.00%*  (twenty -six per cent.) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital (as 
defined below) , from the Public Shareholders.  
*The Open Offer size is subject to the MPS Proportionate Reduction, such that the resulting 
shareholding of the Acquirer on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction does not 
exceed 75.00% of the Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
1.2 The consummation of : (a) the Underlying Transaction is subject to the  satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent specified in the Investment Agreement (unless waived or deferred in accor dance with the 
terms of the Investment Agreement) and receipt of all the Required Statutory Approvals (which have 
already been received  as on the date of this Letter of Offer) as set out in paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory 
and other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ), and (b) the Open Offer is 
subjec t to the receipt of all the Required Statutory Approvals (which have already been received as on 
the date of this Letter of Offer) as set out in paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory and other Approvals ) of 
Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ). If the aggregate foreign investment limits of the Target 
Company as on the date of (and immediately prior to) the closure of the Open Offer are not sufficient 
enough to enable the Acquirer to acquire a minimum of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) of the issue d and 
paid up equity share capital of the Target Company, factoring the following: (i) subscription to the 
Subscription Shares; and (ii) the acquisition of the Tendered Shares, then the Acquirer shall be entitled 
to terminate the Investment Agreement and will app ly to SEBI for withdrawal from the Open Offer. 
Such right will be exercised pursuant to Regulation 23(1)(d) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, wherein 
SEBI has the discretion to permit withdrawal on merits based on an application made by the Acquirer. 
Further , in the event that the conditions precedent as speciﬁed in the Investment Agreement (as set out 
at paragraph 11(ii) of Part III (A) ( Background to the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer) which are 
outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer are not satisﬁed (or waived in accordance with the 
Investment Agreement) by the Cut -Off Date ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ), and the 
Investment Agreement terminates in accordance with the terms thereunder, then the Acquirer shall have 
the right to withdraw the Open Offer in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the 
event of such withdrawal of the Open Offe r, the Acquirer (through the Manager) sh all, within 2 (two) 
Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers 
in which the Detailed Public Statement was published, stating grounds for the withdrawal in accordance 
with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (S AST) Regulations.  
1.3 If: (a) there is any litigation leading  to a stay/injunction  on the Open  Offer  or that restricts/restrains  the 
Acquirer from  performing  its obligations  hereunder;  or (b) SEBI  instructs  the Acquirer not  to proceed 
with the Open Offer, then the Open Offer process may be delayed beyond the schedule  of activities  
indicated  in this Letter  of Offer.  In case any other statutory  approval  or other governmental  approval  that 
6  
 may be required  by the Acquirer  is not received in  time,  SEBI  may,  if satisfied,  that such delay in receipt 
of any statutory or other approval was not attributable to any wilful default, failure or neglect on the 
part of the Acquirer to diligently pursue such approval,  grant  an extension  of time to the Acquirer  for 
making  payment  of the consideration  to the Public  Shareholders  whose  Offer  Shares  have been  accepted  
in the Open  Offer,  subject  to such terms  and conditions  as may be specified by SEBI, including payment 
of interest, if any, in accordance with Regulation 18(11) read with Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. In addition, where any statutory approval extends to some but not all of the Public  
Shareholders,  the Acquirer  shall  have  the option  to make  payment to such Public Shareholders in respect 
of whom no statutory approvals are required in order to complete this Open Offer.  
1.4 Other than the Required Statutory Approvals (which have been already obtained ) as set out in Part C 
(Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer ), as on the 
date of this Letter of Offer, there are no other statutory or governmental approvals required for the 
consummation of the Underlying Transaction  and the Open Offer . However, if any other statutory or 
governmental approval(s) are required or become applicable at a later date before closure of the 
Tendering Period , this Open Offer shall be subject to such statutory approvals and the Acquirer shall 
make the necessary  applications for such statutory  approvals and the Underlying Transaction and the 
Open Offer would also be subject to such other statutory  or other  governmental  approval(s)  and the 
Acquirer  shall  make the  necessary  applications  for such other  approvals. Please refer to paragraph 
1 of Part C ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer ) 
of this Letter of Offer for further details on the status of the Required Statutory Approvals. The date of 
receipt of the last of the Requi red Statutory Approvals, i .e. the DPIIT Approval , is 14 May 2026 . 
Further, SEBI, vide e mail dated 22 April 2026, granted an extension for the Open Offer and directed 
the Acquirer to pay interest at the rate of 10.00% (ten per cent.) per annum for the delay. Accordingly, 
the Acquirer has agreed to pay the Applicable Interest.  
1.5 All Public Shareholders (including resident or non -resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from 
the RBI) held by them, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required 
to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to 
reject such Equity Shares tendered in the Offer. Further, if the Public Shareholders who are not pers ons 
resident in India had required any approvals in respect of the transfer of Equity Shares held by them, 
they will be required to submit such previous approvals that they would have obtained for holding the 
Equity Shares, to tender the Equity Shares held  by them pursuant to this Open Offer, along with the 
other documents required to be tendered to accept this Open Offer. In the event such prior approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves  the right to  reject such Equity  Shares  tendered  in this Open 
Offer. Public Shareholders classified as OCB, if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the 
Open Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from RBI under FEMA. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI 
independently to seek approval to tender Equit y Shares held by them in the Open Offer pursuant to 
receipt of approval from RBI under FEMA. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of 
the RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general 
permission and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on a repatriable basis or a non -repatriable 
basis.  
1.6 Equity  Shares,  once  tendered  through  the Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  in the Open 
Offer, cannot be withdrawn by the Public Shareholders, even if the acceptance of their Equity Shares in 
this Open Offer and payment of consideration are delayed. The tendered Equity Shares and documents 
will be held in trust by the Registrar to the Offer until such time a s the process of acceptance of tenders 
and the payment of consideration is  complete.  The Public  Shareholders  will not be able to trade  in such 
Equit y Shares  which have been tendered in the Open Offer during such period, even if the acceptance 
of the Equity Shares in this Offer and/or payment of consideration are delayed. During such period, 
there may be fluctuations in the market price of  the Equity  Shares.  Neither  the Acquirer nor the  Manager 
to the Offer make any assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity Shares, both during  the 
period  that the Open  Offer  is open  and upon  completion  of the Open  Offer,  and each of them disclaim  
any responsibility  with respect to  any decision taken by  the Public Shareholders with respect to whether 
or not to participate in the Open Offer. The Public Shareholders will be solely responsible for their 
decisions regarding their participation in this Open Offer.  
7  
 1.7 This Letter of Offer, together with the Public Announcement, Detailed Public Statement, the Draft 
Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum and the April Corrigendum in connection 
with the Offer have been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of India and has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside  India.  
Recipients  of this Letter  of Offer  resident  in jurisdictions  outside  India should inform themselves of and 
observe any applicable legal requirements. This Open Offer  is not directed  towards  any person  or entity  
in any jurisdiction  or country  where  the same would be contrary to the applicable laws or regulations or 
would subject the Acquirer  or the Manager  to the Open  Offer  to any new or additional  registration 
requirements.  This is not an offer  for sale, or a solicitation  of an offer  to buy in, any foreign jurisdictions 
covered under the “General Disclaimer” clause in Section II ( Disclaimer Clause ) of this Letter of Offer 
and cannot be accepted by any means or instrumentality from within any such foreign jurisdictions.  
1.8 The Open  Offer  is being  made  for securities  of an Indian  company  and Public  Shareholders of  the Target  
Company  in the U.S. should  be aware  that this Letter of  Offer  and any other documents relating to the 
Open Offer have been or will be prepared in accordance with  Indian  procedural  and disclosure  
requirements,  including  requirements  regarding  the offer  timetable  and timing  of payments,  all of which  
differ  from  those  in the United  States. Any  financial  information  included  in this Letter  of Offer  or in any 
other  documents relating to the Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non -U.S. 
accounting  standards  that may not be  comparable  to financial  statements  of companies  in the U.S. or 
other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles.  
1.9 The receipt of cash pursuant to the Open Offer by a Public Shareholder of the Target Company  may be 
a taxable  transaction  for the U.S. federal  income  tax purposes  and under the applicable U.S. state and 
local, as well as foreign and other, tax laws. Each Public Shareholder of the Target Company is urged 
to consult such Public Shareholder’s independent professional adviser immediately regarding the tax 
consequences of ac cepting the Open Offer.  
1.10 Neither the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission nor any U.S. state securities commission has 
approved or disapproved the Open Offer or passed any comment upon the adequacy or completeness 
of this Letter of Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a cri minal offence in the U.S.  
1.11 The information contained in this Letter of Offer is as of the date of this Letter of Offer unless expressly  
stated  otherwise.  The Acquirer and  the Manager  are under no obligation  to update the information 
contained herein at any  time after the date  of this Letter of Offer.  
1.12 The Acquirer is not a person resident in India under applicable Indian foreign exchange control 
regulations. In terms of the FEMA, if the Acquirer does not have control over the Target Company at 
the time of acquiring the Equity Shares tendered by the Publ ic Shareholders, the Acquirer will not be 
permitted to acquire the Equity Shares on the floor of the recognized stock exchanges in India, as per 
applicable foreign exchange control regulations in India (under Indian foreign exchange laws, a person 
resident  outside India is permitted to purchase the equity shares of a listed Indian company on the stock 
exchange if such person has already acquired control of such Indian listed company in accordance with 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations). Therefore, the Acquirer wi ll acquire the Offer Shares through the ‘off -
market’ route in accordance with the “tender offer method” prescribed by SEBI, in accordance with 
paragraph 2 of Chapter 4 of the SEBI Master Circular ( as defined below ).  
1.13 The Acquirer and the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility for statements made otherwise than 
in the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC 
Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum and this Letter of Offer or in the 
advertisement or any corrigenda or materials issued by or at the instance of the Acquirer excluding such 
information pertaining to the Target Company, which has been obtained from publicly available sources 
or provided or con firmed by the Target Company. The accuracy of such details of the Target Company 
has not been independently verified by the Acquirer or the Manager to the Offer. Any person placing 
reliance on any other source of information will be doing so at his/her/its  own risk.  
1.14 This Offer is subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar transactions.  
8  
 2. Risks  involved  in associating  with  the Acquirer   
2.1 Neither  the Acquirer  nor the Manager  to the Offer  make  any assurance  with respect to the financial 
performance of the Target Company or the continuance of past trends  in the financial  performance  of 
the Target  Company  nor do they make  any assurance with  respect  to the market  price  of the Equity  Shares  
before,  during  or after the Open  Offer. Each of the Acquirer or the Manager to the Offer expressly 
disclaim any responsibility or obligation of any kind (except as required under applicable law) with 
respect to any  decision by  any Public Shareholder on whether to participate or not in this Open Offer. 
The Public Shareholders should not be guided by the past performance of the Target Company and/or 
the Acquirer while arriving at their decision to participate in the Open Offer. It is understood that the 
Public Shareholders will be solely responsible for t heir decisions regarding their participation in this 
Offer.  
2.2 None of the Acquirer, the Manager or the Registrar to the Offer accept any responsibility  for any  loss 
of documents during  transit (including  but not  limited to  Open Offer  acceptance  forms,  copies  of 
delivery  instruction  slips,  etc.),  and Public  Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their 
interest in this regard.  
2.3 The Acquirer  makes  no assurance  with respect  to its investment/divestment decisions relating to its 
proposed shareholding in the Target Company.  
2.4 As per Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations read with Rules 19(2) and 19A of the SCRR, 
the Target Company is required to maintain at least 25.00% (twenty -five per cent.) public shareholding 
as determined in accordance with SCRR, on a continuous bas is for listing. If the shareholding of the 
Acquirer in the Target Company computed as the sum of: (a) number of Equity Shares validly tendered 
by the Public Shareholders and accepted in the Open Offer (i.e., the Tendered Shares); and (b) the 
Equity Shares agreed to be subscribed by the Acquirer under the Investment Agreement (i.e., the 
Subscription Shares), exceeds the MPS Cap ( as defined below ), then the Acquirer will undertake a 
proportionate reduction of the Tendered Shares and Subscription Shares in compliance with Regulation 
7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations so as to ensure that, upon the completion of the Transaction, the 
aggregate share holding of the Acquirer in the Target Company does not exceed the MPS Cap (i.e., the 
MPS Proportionate Reduction) ( as defined below ). In addition, if the aggregate of the Subscription 
Shares and the Tendered Shares (and, if the MPS Cap is breached as well, after undertaking the MPS 
Proportionate Reduction ( as defined below )) along with the rest of the foreign shareholding in the Target 
Company exceeds the Foreign Shareholding Threshold (as of the close of the trading day immediately 
preceding the completion date under the Investment Agreement), then the Acquirer will acquir e such 
lesser number of Subscription Shares suc h that the aggregate of the Subscription Shares, the Tendered 
Shares and the rest of the foreign shareholding in the Target Company does not exceed the Foreign 
Shareholding Threshold. The MPS Proportionate Reduction will be applied only in the event the 
aggregate of the Subscription Shares and the Tendered Shares exceeds the MPS Cap.  
CURRENCY  OF PRESENTATION  
In this Letter  of Offer,  any discrepancy  in any table  between  the total and sums  of the amounts  listed are due to 
rounding off and/or regrouping.  
In this Letter of Offer, all references to (i ) “₹”, “Rupees”, “Rs.” or INR are references to Indian Rupee(s)  (INR);  
(ii) “AED”  refers  to United Arab Emirates Dirham(s).  Unless  otherwise stated, the conversion has been done at 
the rate AED 1 = INR 25.8123  as on 31 March 2026. (Source: Bloomberg )
9  
 TABLE  OF CONTENTS  
I. KEY DEFINITIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................... 9 
II. DISCLAIMER  CLAUSE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................... 17 
III. DETAILS  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......20 
IV. BACKGROUND  OF THE  ACQUIRER  ................................ ................................ ............................... 34 
V. BACKGROUND  OF THE  TARGET  COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ............... 45 
VI. OFFER  PRICE  AND  FINANCIAL  ARRANGEMENTS  ................................ ................................ .....55 
VII. TERMS  AND  CONDITIONS  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER  ................................ ................................ ......... 59 
VIII.  PROCEDURE  FOR  ACCEPTANCE  AND  SETTLEMENT  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER  ......................... 69 
IX. COMPLIANCE  WITH  TAX  REQUIREMENTS  ................................ ................................ ................. 75 
X. DOCUMENTS  FOR  INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....85 
XI. OTHER INFORMATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................... 87 
XII. DECLARATION  BY THE  ACQUIRER  ................................ ................................ .............................. 89 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  ................................ ................................ ......... 95 
 
 
10  
 I. KEY DEFINITIONS  
Particulars  Details/Definition  
Acquirer  Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.), a public joint stock company, incorporated 
under the laws of Dubai, United Arab Emirates (Commercial Registration 
Number: 1013450) on 16 July 2007.  
Acquirer’s India Branches  The Acquirer’s banking operations in India carried on through the branch mode 
and licensed as a banking company in terms of Section 22 of the Banking 
Regulation Act, 1949 and operating through its network of 3 (three) branches 
in Mumbai, Chennai and Gurugr am. 
Acquisition Guidelines  The Guidelines on Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in 
Banking Companies issued by the RBI dated 16 January 2023 .* 
*as superseded by the Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Acquisition 
and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights) Directions dated 28 November 2025  
issued by RBI .  
Acquirer Listing Date  As defined in paragraph 14 of Section IV ( Background of  the Acquirer ) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
Amalgamation Scheme  The scheme of amalgamation between the Acquirer’s India Branches into and 
with the Target Company for the Proposed Amalgamation, under the provisions 
of Section 44 -A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the RBI Master Direction 
- Amalgamation of Private Se ctor Banks Directions, 2016 * (along with any 
annexures and schedules attached thereto, if any) and other applicable laws 
relevant for the Proposed Amalgamation, including any modification(s) and 
amendments as may be made, from time to time.  
* as superseded by the Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Voluntary  
Amalgamation) Directions, 2025 dated 28 November 2025 issued by RBI  
AOP  Association  of Persons.  
Applicable Interest  Interest of ₹ 2.38 (two rupees  and thirty eight paise ) per Offer Share computed at 
the rate of 10.00% (ten per cent.) per annum calculated for a period of delay of 
31 (thirty one ) days from 29 May 2026  (being the last date for payment of 
consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares would have been 
validly tendered and accepted in the Open Offer given that SEBI's observations 
on the Draft Letter of Offer were received on 13 April 2026) ti ll 29 June 2026  
(being the last date by which the actual payment of considerat ion to the Public 
Shareholders is proposed to be made whose Equity Shares are validly tendered 
and accepted in the Open Offer) payable to those Public Shareholders of the 
Target Company whose Equity Shares are validly tendered and accepted under 
the Open O ffer in accordance with Regulation 18(11) and Regulation 18(11A) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
An intimation with respect to payment of interest to the Public Shareholders on 
account of delay in commencement of Tendering Period for the Open Offer was 
made by the Manager to the Stock Exchanges on 22 April 2026.   
April Corrigendum  As has been defined in paragraph 6 of Section XI  (Other Information ) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
Articles of Association  The articles of association of the Target Company.  
Bank Guarantee  An unconditional, irrevocable, and on demand bank guarantee dated 23 October 
2025 from JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A, (having its registered office at 1111 
Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 4320, United States, and acting through its 
branch at New Delhi presently located at 4th floor, unit no. 407, Worldmark 2, 
Asset Area No. 8,  Hospitality District Delhi, Aerocity, New Delhi – 110037, 
11  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
India) having bank guarantee number AINMUS008902 of an amount of 
₹12,386,450,000.00 (twelve billion three hundred eighty -six million four 
hundred fifty thousand rupees), furnished by the Acquirer .  
BOI Body  of Individuals.  
BSE BSE Limited.  
CBDT  Central Board of Direct Taxes.  
CBUAE  Central Bank of United Arab Emirates . 
CBUAE Approval  The prior approval from the Central Bank of United Arab Emirates  for the 
Acquirer to consummate the Underlying Transaction.  
CCI Approval  An approval or acknowledgement of the Competition Commission of India 
under the (Indian) Competition Act, 2002, read with the Competition 
Commission of India (Combinations) Regulations, 2024, for the consummation 
of the Underlying Transaction as per the te rms of the Investment Agreement 
and the Open Offer.  
CDSL  Central  Depository  Services  Limited.  
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited and NSE Clearing Limited.  
Controlling Shareholders  Acquirer’s shareholders who hold 10% (ten per cent) or more shares in the 
Acquirer i.e., ICD and DH 7.  
DC Documentary Credit . 
Depositories  CDSL  and NSDL.  
Detailed  Public  Statement/DPS  The detailed  public  statement  dated  27 October 2025 , published  on behalf  of the 
Acquirer on 28 October 2025 (except Tarun Bharat (Mumbai edition) which 
was published on 29 October 2025) . 
DH 7  DH 7 LLC  
DIS Delivery Instruction Slips.  
DP Depository Participant.  
DPIIT Approval  The written approval of Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal 
Trade, Government of India for the Acquirer to hold more than 49.00% (forty -
nine per cent.) and up to 74.00% (seventy -four per cent.) of the total paid -up 
share capital of the Target Com pany pursuant to the consummation of the 
Underlying Transaction as contemplated under the Investment Agreement.  
Draft  Letter  of Offer/DLoF  The Draft Letter of Offer dated 4 November  2025 filed with SEBI pursuant to 
Regulation 16(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
DTAA  Double  Taxation  Avoidance  Agreement.  
Dual Presence Approval  The specific written approval of the Government of India under Paragraph 
F2.1.(g)(i) of the table in Schedule I  of the NDI Rules read with the ‘Scheme 
for setting up of wholly owned subsidiaries by foreign banks in India, 2013’ 
issued by the RBI to hold shares of the Target Company and concurrently for a 
temporary period to operate in India as a branch of a foreign bank.  
12  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
Equity  Share(s)  Fully  paid-up equity  shares  of the Target  Company  with face value  of ₹10 (ten 
rupees)  each.  
Escrow  Account  The account named and titled “Emirates NBD Escrow Account” opened with  
the Escrow Agent by the Acquirer in  accordance with  Regulation  17(4) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
Escrow  Agent  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , acting through its branch in India (having its 
registered office at J.P. Morgan Towers, off CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz East, 
Mumbai – 400098), a national banking association duly organized and existing 
in accordance with the laws of the United States of  America and a ‘scheduled 
bank’ in India within the meaning of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.  
Escrow  Agreement  Escrow agreement dated 18 October 2025  entered into by the Acquirer with the 
Escrow Agent and the Manager.   
Escrow  Amount  The amount aggregating to ₹1,163,650,000.00  (one billion, one hundred sixty -
three million, six hundred fifty thousand rupees)  maintained by the Acquirer 
with the Escrow Agent in accordance with the Escrow Agreement   
Expanded  Voting  Share  Capital  The total voting equity share capital of the Target Company on a fully diluted 
basis expected as of the 10th (tenth) Working Day from the closure of the 
Tendering Period for the Open Offer. This includes: (a) the Equity Shares of the 
Target Company outstanding as on the date of the Public Announcement i.e., 
613,388,654 (six hundred and thirteen million three hun dred eighty -eight 
thousand six hundred and fifty -four) Equity Shares; (b) 959,045,636 (nine 
hundred and fifty -nine million forty -five thousand six hundred and thirty -six) 
Equity Shares proposed to be allotted by the Target Company to the Acquirer 
pursuant to the Preferential Issue; and (c) 25,975,103 (twenty -five million nine 
hundred and seventy -five thousand one hundred and three) outstanding 
employee stock options already vested as on the date of the Public 
Announcement /expected to vest between the date of the Public Announcement 
and 18 October 2026 , exercisable into equal num ber of Equity Shares.  
FEMA  Foreign  Exchange  Management  Act, 1999,  as amended.  
FIIs Foreign  Institutional  Investor(s) as defined under FEMA.  
FIPB  Foreign Investment Promotion Board.  
Foreign Shareholding Restriction 
Approval  The prior approval from the RBI/Government of India for adoption and 
implementation of the restriction of the aggregate foreign shareholding in the 
Target Company to 24.00% (twenty -four per cent.) of its paid -up equity share 
capital until completion of the  Underlying Transaction and, with effect from 
completion of the Underlying Transaction, the Foreign Shareholding Threshold.  
Foreign Shareholding Threshold  74.00% (seventy four per cent.) of the issued and outstanding equity share 
capital of the Target Company (calculated after factoring the Underlying 
Transaction), being the aggregate foreign investment limit for the private 
banking sector under the NDI Rule s. 
Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement  Form  of acceptance -cum-acknowledgement,  which  will be a part of this 
Letter of Offer.  
FPIs Foreign Portfolio Investor(s), as defined under FEMA.  
GAAR  General  Anti Avoidance  Rule.  
HUF  Hindu  Undivided  Family.  
13  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
ICD  Investment Corporation of Dubai.  
Identified  Date The date falling  on the 10th (tenth) Working  Day prior  to the commencement  of 
the Tendering Period.  
Income  Tax Act/IT  Act The Income  Tax Act, 2025 , (as amended by the Finance Act, 202 6). 
Investment Agreement  As has been defined in paragraph 2 of Section III(A) ( Background to the Open 
Offer ) of this Letter of Offer.  
Letter  of Offer/LoF  This Letter  of Offer  dated  22 May 2026 , being  dispatched  to the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company.  
LTCG  Long term capital gains.  
Manager/Manager  to the Open 
Offer/Manager to the Offer  J.P. Morgan India Private  Limited.  
MAT  Minimum  alternate  tax. 
Maximum Consideration  ₹117,353,299,774.34  (One hundred seventeen billion, three hundred fifty -three 
million, two hundred ninety -nine thousand, seven hundred seventy -four rupees 
and thirty -four paise) being the aggregate of (a) ₹ 116,364,204,040 (One 
hundred sixteen billion, three hundred sixty -four million, two hundred four 
thousand forty rupees ), being the maximum consideration payable under this 
Open Offer assuming full acceptance; and (b) ₹ 989,095,734.34 (Nine hundred 
eighty -nine million, ninety -five thousand, seven hundred thirty -four rupees and 
thirty -four paise) in interest as per the Applicable Interest of ₹ 2.38 (two rupees 
and thirty -eight paise) per Equity Share , assuming full acceptance of the Offer 
and no MPS Proportionat e Reduction.  
MLI Multilateral Instrument  
MPS Cap  Such number of Equity Shares that represent 75.00% (seventy -five per cent.) of 
the issued and outstanding equity share capital of Target Company which the 
Acquirer (in its capacity as a promoter of the Target Company post 
consummation of the Transaction) c an hold in the Target Company in 
compliance with Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations read with 
Rule 19A of the SCRR.  
MPS Proportionate Reduction  As has been defined in paragraph 5 of Section  III(A) ( Background to the Open 
Offer ) of this Letter of Offer.  
NDI Rules  Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as 
amended from time to time, issued under the FEMA.  
NEFT  National  electronic  funds  transfer.  
Newspapers  Financial Express, Jansatta, Tarun Bharat being the newspapers wherein the 
Detailed Public Statement was published on behalf of the Acquirer.  
NOC  No-objection  certificate.  
NRE  Non-residential external.  
NRIs  Non-Resident  Indians.  
NRO  Non-Resident (Ordinary).  
14  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
NSDL  National  Securities  Depository  Limited.  
NSE  National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited.  
OCBs  Overseas  Corporate  Bodies.  
Offer Closing Date  Date of closure of the Tendering Period, i.e., Friday, 12 June 2026.  
Offer Opening Date  Date of commencement of the Tendering Period, i.e., Monday , 01 June 2026 . 
Offer  Period  As has been defined  in the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations.  
Offer  Price  ₹280 (two hundred and eighty rupees ) per Offer Share.  
Offer  Shares  415,586,443 (four hundred and fifteen million five hundred and eighty -six 
thousand four hundred and forty -three) Equity Shares representing 26.00% 
(twenty -six per cent.) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
Offer  Size Acquisition of the Offer Shares or such proportionately reduced Equity Shares 
pursuant to the MPS Proportionate Reduction, at the Offer Price, aggregating to 
a total consideration of ₹  117,353,299,774.34  (One hundred seventeen billion, 
three hundred fifty -three million, two hundred ninety -nine thousand, seven 
hundred seventy -four rupees  and thirty -four paise ) (assuming full acceptance 
and no MPS Proportionate Reduction).  
Offer/Open  Offer  Open offer being made by the Acquirer to the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company to acquire up to 415,586,443 (four hundred and fifteen million five 
hundred and eighty -six thousand four hundred and forty -three) Equity Shares 
representing 26.00% (twen ty-six per cent.) of  the Expanded Voting  Share 
Capital, at the  price of ₹282.38 (two hundred eighty -two rupees and thirty eight 
paise ) being the aggregate of (a) the  Offer Price  of ₹280  (two hundred eighty 
rupees) and (b) the Applicable Interest of ₹ 2.38 (two rupees  and thirty -eight 
paise ) per Equity Share . 
Open Offer Escrow  Demat  Account  As has been  defined  in paragraph  8 of Section  VIII (Procedure  for 
Acceptance and Settlement of the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer.  
Order  The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 
2005  
OTP One-time password.  
PA/Public  Announcement  The public announcement dated 18 October 2025,  issued by the Manager on 
behalf of the Acquirer, in connection with the Open Offer.  
PAC  Persons acting in concert. There are no PACs with the Acquirer for the purpose 
of this Offer.  
PAN  Permanent  Account  Number.  
Preferential Issue  The preferential issue by the Target Company to the Acquirer of the 
Subscription Shares at a price of ₹280.00 (two hundred and eighty rupees)  per 
Equity Share, aggregating up to a maximum of ₹ 268,532,778,080 (two hundred 
sixty -eight billion five hundred thirty -two million seven hundred seventy -eight 
thousand eighty rupees) , pursuant to the Investment Agreement, provided that 
the acquisition of the Subscription Shares along with the Offer Shares does not 
result in a breach of: (a) the MPS Cap; and (b) the F oreign Shareholding 
Threshold.  
15  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
Proportionate Scale Down and 
Contractual Reduction Mechanism  As defined in paragraph 5 of Section III(A) ( Background to the Open Offer ) of 
this Letter of Offer.  
Proposed Amalgamation  The amalgamation of the Acquirer’s India Branches into and with the Target 
Company pursuant to the Amalgamation Scheme.  
Public Shareholders  All the equity shareholders of the Target Company who are eligible to tender 
their Equity Shares in the Offer, and for the avoidance of doubt, excludes: (i) 
the Acquirer; and (ii) persons acting in concert or deemed to be acting in concert 
with the Acquire r as at the time of the Open Offer (if any).  
RBI Reserve  Bank  of India.  
RBI Acquisition Approval  As has been defined under paragraph 6 of Section  XI (Other Informat ion) of 
this Letter of Off er. 
RBI Approvals  (i) The Target Company having obtained the prior written approval of the 
RBI approving the amendment to the Articles of Association  in the manner 
set out in the Investment Agreement;  
(ii) The Target Company having obtained the  prior written approval of the 
RBI for the proposed alteration to the memorandum of association of the 
Target Company to reflect the increase in the authorized share capital of 
the Target Company;  
(iii) The Target Company having obtained the prior approval of the RBI for 
the appointment of identified person(s) as director(s) of the Target 
Company nominated by the Acquirer (if required under applicable law);  
(iv) The Acquirer having received the prior written consent of the RBI for 
acquiring up to 74.00% (seventy -four per cent.) and not below 51.00% 
(fifty -one per cent.) of the total paid -up share capital of the Target 
Company, on the terms and conditions as contemplated under the 
Investment Agreement;  
(v) The Acquirer having received a dispensation from the RBI with respect 
to the dilution and glide -path requirement as stipulated under the 
Acquisition Guidelines in relation to the shareholding limits of the 
promoter to not hold more than 26% (twenty six per cent) of the paid -up 
equity share capital or voting rights of the Target Company; and   
(vi) The Acquirer having received approval of the RBI under the ‘Scheme for 
setting up of wholly owned subsidiaries by foreign banks in India, 2013’ 
issued by the RBI read with Paragraph F2.1.(g)(i) of the table in Schedule 
I of the NDI Rules, to hold shares of the Target Company, and 
concurrently for a temporary period, to operate in India as a branch of a 
foreign bank.  
 
RBI Governance Directions  The Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Governance) Directions, 2025 
dated 28 November 2025.  
RBI Stipulations  As has been defined under  paragraph 6 of Section  XI (Other Information ) of 
this Letter of Offer.  
Registrar/Registrar  to the Open 
Offer/Registrar to the Offer  MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly, Link Intime India Private 
Limited).  
Relevant Directors  As has been defined in paragraph 1 6 of Section  V (Background of the Target 
Company ) of this Letter of Offer.  
16  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
Required  Statutory  Approvals  (i) The Acquirer and the Target Company having obtained the RBI Approvals 
(as applicable);  
(ii) The Acquirer having received the CCI Approval;  
(iii) The Acquirer having obtained the Dual Presence Approval;  
(iv) The Acquirer having obtained the CBUAE Approval;  
(v) The Acquirer having obtained the DPIIT Approval;  
(vi) The Target Company having obtained the Foreign Shareholding  
Restriction Approval;  
(vii) The Target Company having obtained the approval(s)/no -objection (as 
applicable) from: (i) SEBI for change in control in relation to the following 
licenses held by the Target Company: (a) SEBI regist ration as a  banker to 
an issue   (SEBI registration number:  INBI00001123) ; and (b) SEBI 
registered merchant banker  (SEBI  registration number: INM000012136) ; 
and (ii) SEBI, NSDL and CDSL for change in control in relation to its 
depository participant registration  (SEBI registration number: IN -DP-10-
2015; NSDL membe rship number:  IN304115; and CDSL membership 
number: 38900) ;  
(viii) The Target Company having obtained the approval of the RBI as well as 
the approval of its shareholders, through a special resolution, for 
amendment of its Articles of Association to give effect to the revised board 
composition requirements, as advised by t he RBI in its letter to the 
Acquirer dated 1 April 2026 ; and  
(ix) Grant of no -action relief and/or exemptive relief from the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission in order to allow the Open Offer to be made 
to U.S. holders of Equity Shares  without breaching the applicable law and 
regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) , if 
applicable.  
RoC Registrar of Companies.  
RSA Corrigendum  As has been defined under paragraph 5 of Section  XI (Other Informat ion) of 
this Letter of Off er. 
RTGS  Real Time  Gross  Settlement.  
SCRR  Securities  Contracts  (Regulation)  Rules,  1957,  as amended.  
SEBI  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India.  
SEBI  (LODR)  Regulations  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  (Listing  Obligations  and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.  
SEBI Observation Letter  The observation letter issued by SEBI dated 13 April 2026 bearing reference 
number I/9254/2026  in relation to SEBI’s observation on the Draft Letter of 
Offer filed with SEBI on 4 November 2025.  
SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  (Substantial Acquisition  of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended.  
SEBI  Act Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  Act, 1992,  as amended.  
SEBI Master Circular  SEBI master circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 dated 16 February 
2023.  
SEC Corrigendum  As has been defined under paragraph 4 of Section  XI (Other Information ) of 
17  
 Particulars  Details/Definition  
this Letter of Offer.  
Settlement Order  As has been defined under paragraph 1 4 of Section  V (Background of the Target 
Comp any) of this Letter of Off er. 
STCG Short Term Capital Gains.  
Stock  Exchanges  Collectively,  the BSE and the NSE.  
STT Securities  Transaction  Tax. 
Subscription Price  ₹280.00  (two hundred and eighty rupees) per Equity Share, being the price 
payable by the Acquirer for each Equity Share subscribed to under the 
Preferential Issue in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Investment 
Agreement.  
Subscription Shares  959,045,636 (nine hundred fifty -nine million forty -five thousand six hundred 
thirty -six) Equity Shares, or such lower number of Equity Shares which is 
equivalent to 60% (sixty per cent) of the total paid -up share capital of the Target 
Company as on the date of consummation of the Underlying Transaction, and 
subject further to any adjustments pursuant to the Proportionate Scale Down 
and Contractual Reduction Mechanism.  
Subsidiary Mode of Presence  As defined in paragraph 3 of Section III(A) ( Background to the Open Offer ) of 
this Letter of Offer.  
Target/Target  Company  RBL Bank Limited . 
TC Listing Date  As defined in paragraph 1 4 of Section V ( Background of  the Target Company ) 
of this Letter of Offer.  
TDC  Certificate for deduction of tax at lower or nil rate from the Indian income tax 
authorities under the IT Act.  
TDS Tax Deduction at Source.  
Tendered Shares  The number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders and 
accepted in the Open Offer.  
Tendering  Period  As defined under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
Transaction  Collectively, the Underlying Transaction (as described in paragraph 8 of 
Section III(A) (Background to the Open Offe r) of this Letter of Offer ) and the 
Open Offer.  
TRC  Tax Residency  Certificate.  
Underlying Transaction  As defined in paragraph 8 of Section III(A) (Background to the Open Offe r) of 
this Letter of Offer.  
U.S. United States of America.  
UBO  As defined in pa ragraph 14 of Section IV ( Background of the Acquirer ) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
Working  Day(s)  Any working day of SEBI.  
 
*All capitalized terms used in this Letter of Offer, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed there to in the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.
 
18 II. DISCLAIMER  CLAUSE  
“IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY  UNDERSTOOD  THAT  FILING  OF THE DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER WITH SEBI SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT 
THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED, VETTED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. THE DRAFT 
LETTER OF OFFER HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITED PURPOSE OF 
OVERSEEING WHETHER THE DISCLOSURES CO NTAINED THEREIN ARE 
GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE THE SHAREHOLDERS OF 
THE TARGET COMPANY TO TAKE AN INFORMED DECISION WITH REGARD TO THE 
OPEN OFFER. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPO NSIBILITY  EITHER  FOR  FINANCIAL  
SOUNDNESS  OF THE  ACQUIRER  OR THE TARGET COMPANY WHOSE 
SHARES/CONTROL IS PROPOSED TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF 
THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER. IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ACQUIRER 
IS PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FO R THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND 
DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION IN THIS LETTER OF OFFER,  THE  
MERCHANT  BANKER  IS EXPECTED  TO EXERCISE  DUE  DILIGENCE TO ENSURE 
THAT THE ACQUIRER DULY DISCHARGES I TS RESPONSIBILITIES ADEQUATELY. IN 
THIS BEHALF, AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOSE,  THE  MERCHANT  BANKER,  J.P. 
MORGAN INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED , HAS  SUBMITTED A  DUE  DILIGENCE  CERTIFICATE  
DATED  4 NOVEMBER 2025  TO SEBI  IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE  SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS.  THE FILING  OF THE  DRAFT  LETTER OF OFFER DOES NOT, 
HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING 
SUCH STATUTORY CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE 
OPEN OFFER.”  
UNITED  STATES  OF AMERICA  
THE OPEN OFFER IS BEING MADE FOR SECURITIES OF AN INDIAN COMPANY AND  
PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS  OF THE  TARGET  COMPANY  IN THE  U.S. SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT THIS LETTER OF OFFER AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING 
TO THE OPEN OFFER HAVE BEEN OR WILL BE PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
INDIAN PROCEDURAL AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS, INCLUDING 
REQUIREMENTS REGARDING THE OPEN OFFER TIMETABLE  AND  TIMING  OF 
PAYMENTS,  ALL  OF WHICH  DIFFER  FROM  THOSE IN  THE  U.S. ANY  FINANCIAL  
INFORMATION  INCLUDED  IN THIS  LETTER OF OFFER OR IN ANY OTHER 
DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE OPEN OFFER HAS BEEN OR WILL BE PREPARED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH NON -U.S. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS THAT MAY NOT BE 
COMPARABLE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF COMPANIES IN THE U.S. OR OTHER 
COMPANIES WHOSE FINANCIA L STATEMENTS ARE PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH U.S. GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES.  
THE RECEIPT OF CASH PURSUANT TO THE OPEN OFFER BY A PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER OF THE TARGET COMPANY MAY BE A TAXABLE TRANSACTION 
FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND UNDER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
AND LOCAL, AS WELL AS FOREIGN AND OTHER, TAX LAWS.  EACH  PUBLIC  
SHAREHOLDER  OF THE  TARGET  COMPANY  IS URGED  TO CONSULT SUCH PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER’S INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISER IMMEDIATELY 
REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF ACCEPTING THIS OPEN OFFER.  
IT MAY BE DIFFICULT FOR U.S. HOLDERS OF EQUITY SHARES TO ENFORCE THEIR 
RIGHTS AND ANY CLAIMS THEY MAY HAVE ARISING UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL 
SECURITIES LAWS IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPEN OFFER, SINCE THE TARGET 
COMPANY AND THE ACQUIRER ARE ORGANISED IN COUNTRIE S OTHER THAN THE 
U.S., AND SOME OR ALL OF THEIR OFFICERS AND  DIRECTORS  MAY  BE RESIDENTS  
OF COUNTRIES  OTHER  THAN  THE  U.S. 
 
19 U.S. HOLDERS OF EQUITY SHARES IN THE TARGET COMPANY MAY NOT BE ABLE 
TO SUE THE TARGET COMPANY, THE ACQUIRER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE  OFFICERS  
OR DIRECTORS  IN A NON -U.S. COURT  FOR  VIOLATIONS OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS. 
FURTHER, IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO COMPEL THE TARGET COMPANY, THE 
ACQUIRER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES  TO SUBJECT  THEMSELVES  TO THE  
JURISDICTION  OR JUDGMENT OF A U.S. COURT.  
NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES  COMMISSION  HAS  APPROVED  OR DISAPPROVED  THE  OPEN  OFFER OR 
PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS  
LETTER  OF OFFER.  ANY  REPRESENTATION  TO THE  CONTRARY  IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE U.S.  
UNITED  KINGDOM  
IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, THE LETTER OF OFFER TOGETHER WITH THE 
DETAILED PUBLIC STATEMENT AND THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT IN 
CONNECTION  WITH THE  OPEN  OFFER  SHALL  BE DISTRIBUTED  ONLY TO, AND ARE 
DIRECTED ONLY AT, PERSONS WHO ARE (I) PERSONS HAVING PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS FALLING  WITHIN  
ARTICLE 19(5) OF THE  FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL 
PROMOTION) ORDER 2005 (THE “ORDER”), OR (II) HIGH NET WORTH ENTITIES 
FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 49(2)(A) TO (D) OF THE ORDER, OR ( III) PERSONS TO 
WHOM IT WOULD OTHERWISE BE LAWFUL TO DISTRIBUTE THEM, ALL SUCH 
PERSONS TOGETHER BEING REFERRED TO AS “RELEVANT PERSONS”. THE 
LETTER OF OFFER TOGETHER WITH THE DETAILED PUBLIC STATEMENT AND THE 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPEN  OFFER AND THEIR 
CONTENTS ARE CONFIDENTIAL AND SHOULD NOT BE DISTRIBUTED, PUBLISHED 
OR REPRODUCED  (IN WHOLE  OR IN PART)  OR DISCLOSED  BY ANY  RECIPIENTS  TO 
ANY OTHER PERSON IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, AND ANY PERSON IN THE UNITED 
KINGDOM THAT IS NOT A RELEVANT PE RSON SHOULD NOT ACT OR RELY ON 
THEM.  
DISCLAIMER FOR PERSONS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES  
THIS LETTER OF OFFER HAS NOT BEEN FILED, REGISTERED OR APPROVED IN ANY 
JURISDICTION OUTSIDE INDIA. RECIPIENTS OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER RESIDENT 
IN JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE INDIA SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND 
OBSERVE ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. THIS OF FER IS NOT 
DIRECTED TOWARDS ANY PERSON OR ENTITY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR COUNTRY 
WHERE THE SAME WOULD BE CONTRARY TO THE APPLICABLE LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS OR WOULD SUBJECT THE ACQUIRER OR THE MANAGER TO THE 
OFFER TO ANY NEW OR ADDITIONAL REGISTRATION REQUIREME NTS. RECEIPT 
OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER BY ANY SHAREHOLDER IN A JURISDICTION IN WHICH 
IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE THIS OFFER, OR WHERE MAKING THIS OFFER 
WOULD REQUIRE ANY ACTION TO BE TAKEN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT RESTRICTED 
TO, REGISTRATION OF THIS LETTER OF OFF ER UNDER ANY LOCAL SECURITIES 
LAWS), SHALL NOT BE TREATED BY SUCH SHAREHOLDER AS AN OFFER BEING 
MADE TO THEM AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED BY THEM AS BEING SENT FOR 
INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. THIS LETTER OF OFFER DOES NOT IN ANY WAY 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO PURCHAS E OR AN INVITATION TO SELL, ANY 
SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR INVITATION IS NOT 
AUTHORISED OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH 
OFFER OR SOLICITATION. PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER 
ARE REQUIRED TO INF ORM THEMSELVES OF ANY RELEVANT RESTRICTIONS IN 
THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. ANY SHAREHOLDER WHO TENDERS HIS, HER 
OR ITS EQUITY SHARES IN THE OFFER SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE DECLARED, 
REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED THAT HE, SHE OR IT IS AUTHORISED 
 
20 UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS, RULES, 
REGULATIONS AND STATUTES TO PARTICIPATE IN THE OFFER.  
GENERAL  DISCLAIMER  
THIS LETTER OF OFFER TOGETHER WITH THE DETAILED PUBLIC STATEMENT 
AND THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPEN OFFER, HAVE 
BEEN PREPARED FOR THE PURPOSES OF COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS OF INDIA,  INCLUDING  THE SEBI ACT  AND  THE  SEBI  (SAST)  
REGULATIONS,  AND  HAS  NOT  BEEN  REGISTERED  OR APPROVED UNDER ANY LAWS 
OR REGULATIONS OF ANY COUNTRY OUTSIDE OF  INDIA.  THE  DISCLOSURES  IN 
THIS  LETTER  OF OFFER  AND  THE  OPEN OFFER PARTICULARS INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THE OFFER PRICE, OFFER SIZE AND PROCEDURES FOR ACCEPTANCE 
AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OPEN OFFER ARE GOVERNED BY SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS, AND OTHER APPLICABLE  LAWS,  RULES  AND  REGULATIONS  OF 
INDIA,  THE  PROVISIONS  OF WHICH  MAY  BE DIFFERENT  FROM  THOSE  OF ANY  
JURISDICTION  OTHER  THAN INDIA. ACCORDINGLY, THE INFORMATION 
DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN 
DISCLOSED IF THIS DOCUMENT HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF ANY  JURISDICTION  OUTSIDE  OF INDIA.  THE  
INFORMATION  CONTAINED  IN THIS  LETTER  OF OFFER  IS AS OF THE  DATE  OF THIS  
LETTER  OF OFFER. THE ACQUIRER, THE MANAGER TO THE OPEN OFFER AND ANY 
DEEMED  PERSONS  ACTING  IN CONCERT  WITH  THE  ACQUIRER  ARE  UNDER  NO 
OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AT ANY TIME 
AFTER THE DATE OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER.  
NO ACTION HAS BEEN OR WILL BE TAKEN TO PERMIT THIS OPEN OFFER IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION WOULD BE REQUIRED FOR THAT PURPOSE. THE 
LETTER OF OFFER SHALL BE DISPATCHED TO ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS 
HOLDING THE EQUITY SHARES WHOSE NAMES APPEAR IN THE RECORD S OF 
DEPOSITORIES, AT THEIR STATED ADDRESS, AS OF THE IDENTIFIED DATE. 
SUBJECT TO REGULATION 18(2) OF THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS, PROVIDED 
THAT WHERE LOCAL LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION OUTSIDE 
INDIA MAY EXPOSE THE ACQUIRER, THE MANAGER TO THE O FFER OR THE 
TARGET COMPANY TO MATERIAL RISK OF CIVIL, REGULATORY OR CRIMINAL 
LIABILITIES IN THE EVENT THE LOF IN ITS FINAL FORM WERE TO BE SENT 
WITHOUT MATERIAL AMENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS INTO SUCH 
JURISDICTION, AND THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS RESIDENT IN SUC H 
JURISDICTION HOLD EQUITY SHARES ENTITLING THEM TO LESS THAN 5% (FIVE 
PERCENT) OF THE VOTING RIGHTS OF THE TARGET COMPANY, THE ACQUIRER 
MAY REFRAIN FROM SENDING THE LOF INTO SUCH JURISDICTION: PROVIDED 
FURTHER THAT, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, EVERY PERSON  HOLDING EQUITY 
SHARES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER HE, SHE OR IT HELD EQUITY SHARES ON THE 
IDENTIFIED DATE OR HAS NOT RECEIVED THE LOF, SHALL BE ENTITLED TO 
TENDER SUCH EQUITY SHARES IN ACCEPTANCE OF THE OFFER. RECEIPT OF THE 
LETTER OF OFFER BY ANY PUBLIC SHARE HOLDER IN A JURISDICTION IN WHICH 
IT WOULD  BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE THIS OPEN OFFER, OR WHERE MAKING THIS 
OPEN OFFER WOULD REQUIRE ANY ACTION TO BE TAKEN (INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
RESTRICTED TO, REGISTRATION OF THE LETTER OF OFFER UNDER ANY LOCAL 
SECURITIES LAWS OF SU CH JURISDICTION), SHALL NOT BE TREATED BY SUCH 
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER AS AN OFFER BEING MADE TO THEM AND SHALL BE 
CONSTRUED BY THEM AS BEING SENT FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY.  
PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF THE LETTER OF OFFER ARE REQUIRED TO INFORM 
THEMSELVES OF ANY RELEVANT RESTRICTIONS IN THEIR RESPECTIVE  
JURISDICTIONS.  ANY  PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDER  WHO  TENDERS  HIS, HER  OR ITS 
EQUITY  SHARES  IN THIS  OPEN  OFFER  SHALL  BE DEEMED  TO HAVE DECLARED,  
REPRESENTED,  WARRANTED  AND  AGREED  THAT  HE, SHE  OR IT IS AUTHORISED 
 
21 UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS, RULES, 
REGULATIONS AND  STATUTES TO PARTICIPATE  IN THIS  OPEN  OFFER.  
III. DETAILS  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER  
A. Background  to the Open  Offer  
1. The Open Offer is a mandatory open offer being made by the Acquirer in terms of Regulation 3(1) and 
Regulation 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations pursuant to the execution of the Investment Agreement 
to acquire in excess of 25.00% (twenty -five per cent.) of the equity share capital of the Target Company 
and control over the Target Company.  
2. The board of directors of the Acquirer, at their meeting held on 18 October 2025, have, inter alia , 
approved the proposed subscription of up to 60.00% (sixty per cent.) of the total paid -up share capital 
of the Target Company by way of subscription of the Subscription Shares, subject to closing occurring 
under, and in accordance with the terms of, an investment agreement proposed to be executed with the 
Target Company. Accordingly, the Acquirer has entered into an investment agreement dated 18 October 
2025 with the Target Company as amended by the Amendment  Agreement (as defined below ) (together, 
the “ Investment Agreement ”) pursuant to which  the Acquirer has agreed to subscribe to, and the 
Target Company has agreed to issue and allot to the Acquirer by way of preferential issue, the 
Subscription Shares at a price of ₹ 280.00  (two hundred and eighty rupees) per Equity Share 
(“Subscription Price ”) amounting to a maximum aggregate of ₹ 268,532,778,080 (two hundred sixty -
eight billion five hundred thirty -two million seven hundred seventy -eight thousand eighty rupees), in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Investment  Agreement, and provided that the 
acquisition of the Subscription Shares along with the Offer Shares does not result in breach of the: (a) 
the MPS Cap; and (b) the Foreign Shareholding Threshold.  
3. Under the NDI Rules, foreign banks may operate in India only through one of the following three 
channels: (a) branches; (b) a wholly owned subsidiary; or (c) a subsidiary with aggregate foreign 
investment of up to 74.00% (seventy -four per cent.) in a priva te bank (“ Subsidiary Mode of 
Presence ”). The Target Company is a listed banking company, and even post consummation of the 
Transaction, will continue to remain listed in India with public shareholding. Accordingly, the only 
route available for the Acquirer  (being a foreign bank) for operating in India is through the Target 
Company in the Subsidiary Mode of Presence. Consequently, the Acquirer intends to acquire a 
minimum of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) and a maximum of 74.00% (seventy -four per cent.) of the  
total paid -up equity share capital of the Target Company (through a combination of acquisition of the 
Subscription Shares and the Tendered Shares) and operate in India through the Subsidiary Mode of 
Presence.  
4. Since the Acquirer has entered into an agreement to acquire voting rights in excess of 25.00% (twenty -
five per cent.) of the equity share capital of the Target Company and control over the Target Company, 
the Open Offer is being made under Regulation 3(1) and Regulation 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Pursuant to the Open Offer and consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Investment 
Agreement, the Acquirer will have control over the Target Company and the Acquirer will become the 
promoter o f the Target Company in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations . 
The Acquirer will appoint certain individuals as nominee directors on the board of directors of the 
Target Company upon consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Investment Agreement.  
5. If the shareholding of the Acquirer in the Target Company computed as the sum of: (a) number of 
Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders and accepted in the Open Offer (i.e., the 
Tendered Shares); and (b) the Equity Shares agreed to be sub scribed by the Acquirer under the 
Investment Agreement (i.e., the Subscription Shares), exceeds the MPS Cap, then the Acquirer will 
undertake a proportionate reduction of the Tendered Shares and Subscription Shares in compliance with 
Regulation 7(4) of the  SEBI (SAST) Regulations so as to ensure that, upon the completion of the 
Transaction, the aggregate shareholding of the Acquirer in the Target Company does not exceed the 
MPS Cap ( “MPS Proportionate Reduction ”). In addition, if the aggregate of the Subscription Shares 
and the Tendered Shares (and, if the MPS Cap is also breached, after undertaking the MPS Proportionate 
Reduction) along with the rest of the foreign shareholding in the Target Company exceeds the Foreign 
 
22 Shareholding Threshold (as of the close of the trading day immediately preceding the completion date 
under the Investment Agreement), then the Acquirer will acquire such lesser number of Subscription 
Shares such that the aggregate of the Subscription Share s, the Tendered Shares and the rest of the foreign 
shareholding in the Target Company does not exceed the Foreign Shareholding Threshold (collectively 
with the MPS Proportionate Reduction, referred to as the “ Proportionate Scale Down and 
Contractual Reduct ion Mechanism ”). 
6. The application of the MPS Proportionate Reduction involves an inherent circularity , in that  the 
maximum number  of shares that the Acquirer may hold without breaching the MPS Cap is itself a 
function of the issued and paid -up share capital of the Target  Company post -issuance of the Subscription 
Shares, which in turn depends on the number of  Subscription Shares (as  reduced ). When undertaking 
the MPS Proportionate Reduction, the calculation involves a circular dependency where:  
(i) The total excess shares to be reduced depends on the sum of the Tendered Shares and the 
Subscription Shares.  
(ii) The proportionate reduction of the Tendered Shares and the Subscription Shares is  required to be  
calculated by reference to their respective shares of th at aggregate . 
(iii) However, the aggregate  itself changes as reductions are applied,  since the  issued and paid -up share 
capital of the Target Company post -issuance is dependent on the  (reduced) Subscription Shares.  
Mathematical resolution:  The circularity is resolved by applying the proportionate reduction using the 
original (pre -reduction) proportions of the Tendered Shares and the Subscription Shares  as the basis for 
the allocation, and by solving for the reduced Subscription Shares. The mechanics for  calculation  are 
as follows : 
(a) Step 1 : Maximum shares allowable under the MPS Cap = 75% × ( existing issued and outstanding 
share capital of Target Company + reduced Subscription Shares ( calculated below )). 
(b) Step 2:   Total excess = ( original Tendered Shares +  original  Subscription Shares) - Maximum 
shares allowable under MPS Cap.  
(c) Step 3:   Proportionate reduction using original ratios:  
Reduction in Tendered Shares = Total excess × (original Tendered Shares ÷ original Tendered 
Shares  + original Subscription Shares ). 
Reduction in Subscription Shares = Total excess × (original Subscription Shares ÷ original 
Tendered Shares  + original Subscription Shares ). 
(d) Step  4: Final  Acquirer Shareholding:  
Final Tendered Shares = Original Tendered Shares – Reduction in Tendered Shares.  
Final Subscription Shares = Original Subscription Shares – Reduction in Subscription Shares.  
7. Illustrations on potential scenarios of ‘Proportionate Scale Down and Contractual Reduction 
Mechanism’ at different levels of foreign holding have been provided below:   
 Assumptions  # of shares  % shareholding  
Latest number of outstanding shares (as of Public 
Announcement) (A)  613,388,654   
ESOPs (vested as on Public Announcement date + 
expected to vest in the next 12 months after Public 
Announcement) (B)  25,975,103   
 
23 TC Fully diluted share capital [(C) = (A) + (B)]  639,363,757   
# of domestic shareholders  489,610,682  77%*  
# of foreign shareholders (as of the Identified Date ) 149,753,075  23%*  
Expanded voting capital [(D) = (C) / 40%]  1,598,409,393   
Maximum Pref issuance [(E) = 60% * (D)]  959,045,636@   60%# 
Maximum Open Offer size in terms of shares [(F) = 
26% * (D)]  415,586,443  26%# 
 
MTO subscription  0.0%  20.0%  40.0%  60.0%  80.0%  100.0%  
Shares tendered in the open 
offer (G)  0  83,117,289  166,234,57
8  249,351,86
6  332,469,155  415,586,44
3  
Total shares to be acquired (H)  959,045,63
6@    1,042,162,9
25  1,125,280,2
14  1,208,397,5
02  1,291,514,791  1,374,632,0
79  
STEP 1: MPS Proportionate 
Reduction        
Maximum shares that can be 
acquired pursuant to MPS  1,198,807,0
44  1,198,807,0
44  1,198,807,0
44  1,184,703,4
29  1,082,274,960  1,005,828,3
48  
Total shares to be reduced (I)  0  0  0  23,694,073  209,239,831  368,803,73
1  
% of shares being reduced (1) 
[(J) = (I) / (H)]  0%  0%  0%  2%  16%  27%  
From Open Offer [(K) = (G) 
* (J)]  0  0  0  4,889,253  53,863,719  111,498,80
2  
From Pref [(L) = (E) * (J)]  0  0  0  18,804,820  155,376,112  257,304,92
9  
Final shareholding after 
MPS Proportionate 
Reduction        
Acquir er shareholding 
[(M) = (H) - (I)] 959,045,63
6  1,042,162,9
25  1,125,280,2
14  1,184,703,4
29  1,082,274,960  1,005,828,3
48  
From Open Offer [(N) = (H) 
– (K)] 0  83,117,289  166,234,57
8  244,462,61
3  278,605,436  304,087,64
1  
From Pref [(O) = (E) – (L)] 959,045,63
6  959,045,63
6  959,045,63
6  940,240,81
6  803,669,524  701,740,70
7  
% acceptance from MTO 
and Pref  100%  100%  100%  98%  84%  73%  
Total remaining public 
shareholding  639,363,75
7  556,246,46
8  473,129,17
9  394,901,14
4  360,758,321  335,276,11
6  
Domestic shareholding (2) 489,610,68
2  425,961,29
3  362,311,90
4  302,406,59
8  276,260,776  256,747,06
5  
Foreign shareholding (2) 149,753,07
5  130,285,17
5  110,817,27
5  92,494,546  84,497,545  78,529,051  
Final shareholding after 
MPS        
Acquir er shareholding  60%  65%  70%  75%  75%  75%  
From Open Offer  0%  5%  10%  15%  19%  23%  
 
24 From Pref  60%  60%  60%  60%  56%  52%  
Total public shareholding  40%  35%  30%  25%  25%  25%  
Domestic shareholding (P)  29%  25%  22%  18%  18%  18%  
Foreign shareholding  11%  9%  8%  7%  7%  7%  
STEP 2: Foreign 
Shareholding Threshold 
Reduction        
Final total shares outstanding (3) 
(Q) 1,598,409,3
93  1,598,409,3
93  1,393,507,3
23  1,163,102,3
00  1,062,541,447  987,488,71
0  
Max foreign shareholding 
allowed [(R) = 74% * (Q)]  1,182,822,9
50  1,182,822,9
50  1,031,195,4
19  860,695,70
2  786,280,670  730,741,64
5  
Final acquirer shareholding  959,045,63
6  1,042,162,9
25  920,378,14
4  768,201,15
6  701,783,125  652,212,59
4  
From Open Offer (N)  0  83,117,289  166,234,57
8  244,462,61
3  278,605,436  304,087,64
1  
From Pref [(S) = (R) - (N)] 959,045,63
6  959,045,63
6  754,143,56
6  523,738,54
3  423,177,689  348,124,95
3  
Total public shareholding  639,363,75
7  556,246,46
8  473,129,17
9  394,901,14
4  360,758,321  335,276,11
6  
Domestic shareholding  489,610,68
2  425,961,29
3  362,311,90
4  302,406,59
8  276,260,776  256,747,06
5  
Foreign shareholding  149,753,07
5  130,285,17
5  110,817,27
5  92,494,546  84,497,545  78,529,051  
  0  0  0  0  0  0  
Total Foreign shareholding  1,108,798,7
11  1,172,448,1
00  1,031,195,4
19  860,695,70
2  786,280,670  730,741,64
5  
  0  0  0  0  0  0  
Final shareholding %        
Acquirer shareholding  60%  65%  66%  66%  66%  66%  
From Open Offer  0%  5%  12%  21%  26%  31%  
From Pref  60%  60%  54%  45%  40%  35%  
Total public shareholding  40%  35%  34%  34%  34%  34%  
Domestic shareholding  31%  27%  26%  26%  26%  26%  
Foreign shareholding  9%  8%  8%  8%  8%  8%  
  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  
Total Foreign 
shareholding  69%  73%  74%  74%  74%  74%  
 
* As a % of the fully diluted share capital of 639,363,757.  
# As a % of the expanded voting capital of 1,598,409,393 . 
@ The number of Equity Shares to be issued and allotted to the Acquirer by way of the Preferential Issue shall be 959,045,636 
Equity Shares or such lower number of Equity Shares which is equivalent to 60% (sixty per cent.) of the total paid -up share 
capital of the Target Company as on the date of consummation of the Underlying Transaction.  
(1) If the shareholding of the Acquirer in the Target Company computed as the sum of: (a) number of Equity Shares validly 
tendered by the Public Shareholders and accepted in the Open Offer (i.e., the Tendered Shares); and (b) the Equity Shares 
agreed to be su bscribed by the Acquirer under the Investment Agreement (i.e., the Subscription Shares), exceeds the MPS Cap, 
 
25 then the Acquirer will undertake a proportionate reduction of the Tendered Shares and Subscription Shares in compliance 
with Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations so as to ensure that, upon the completion of the Transaction, the 
aggregate sharehol ding of the Acquirer in the Target Company does not exceed the MPS Cap  
(2) Assumes that the domestic and foreign shareholders tender pro rata to their shareholding in the TC, in the open offer  
(3) In case domestic public shareholding (calculated in (P)) is < 26%, then total shares are being calculated such that remaining  
shares post MTO acceptance that are owned by the Public Shareholders (calculated as E above) corresponds to 26% shares 
outstanding  
8. The proposed allotment and subscription of the Subscription Shares under the Investment Agreement 
(as explained in paragraphs 2, 3, 4 and 5 of this Section III(A) (Background to the Open Offer)  above) 
is referred to as the “ Underlying Transaction ”. A tabular summary of the Underlying Transaction is 
set out below:  
Type of 
transactio
n (direct/ 
indirect)  Mode  of transaction  @ 
(Agreement/ Allotment/ 
market purchase)  Equity  Shares/  Voting  
rights  acquired/ 
proposed to be 
acquired  Total  consideration for 
shares/ Voting Rights 
(VR) acquired (Rupees)  Mode of 
payment  
(Cash/ 
securities)  Regulation 
which has 
triggered  
Number  % vis -à-
vis total 
Equity/  
Expanded 
Voting  
Share  
Capital  
Direct  Agreement – The 
Acquirer has entered into 
the Investment 
Agreement with the 
Target Company pursuant 
to which Acquirer has 
agreed to subscribe to, 
and the Target Company 
has agreed to issue and 
allot to the Acquirer by 
way of preferential issue 
up to 959,045 ,636 Equity 
Shares(2) at a price of ₹ 
280.00 per Equity Share 
(amounting to a 
maximum aggregate of ₹ 
268,532,778,080) in 
accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the 
Investment Agreement, 
and provided that the 
acquisition of the 
Subscription Shares alon g 
with the Offer Shares 
does not result in breach 
of: (a) the minimum 
public shareholding limits 
prescribed under 
applicable laws; and (b) 
the aggregate foreign 
investment limits of the 
Target Company. (1)(2)(3)(6) Up to a 
maximum 
of 
959,045,63
6 Equity 
Shares. (2)(3) Up to a 
maximum of 
60.00%  of 
the 
Expanded 
Voting Share 
Capital. 
(2)(3)(4) Up to a maximum of ₹ 
268,532,778,080.(2)(3)(4)(5) Cash.  Regulation  
3(1) and  
Regulation 
4 of the 
SEBI 
(SAST) 
Regulation
s. 
@ Please  refer  to paragraphs 2, 3, 4, 5 , 6 and 7  of Section III(A) (Background to the Open Offer) of this Letter of Offer  above  for further  
details  in connection with  the Underlying  Transaction.  
(1) The Subscription Shares shall be allotted within the timelines prescribed under Regulation 170 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, read with the third proviso to Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI 
 
26 (SAST) Regulations (i.e., within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of closure of the Tendering Period for the Open 
Offer), in accordance with the terms set out in the Investment Agreement.  
(2) The number of Equity Shares to be issued and allotted to the Acquirer by way of the Preferential Issue shall be 959,045,636  
(Nine hundred fifty -nine million forty -five thousand six hundred thirty -six) Equity Shares or such lower number of Equity 
Shares which is equivalent to 60% (sixty per cent.) of the total paid -up share capital of the Target Company as on the date of 
consummation of the Underlying Transaction, and will be further subject to the Prop ortionate Scale Down and Contractual 
Reduction Mechanism . 
(3) The minimum number of Equity Shares to be acquired by the Acquirer under the Investment Agreement will depend on the 
issued and outstanding equity share capital of the Target Company upon completion of the Underlying Transaction, depending 
on the change in  the equity share capital of the Target Company on account of any exercise of vested employee stock options 
during the offer period of the Open Offer as well as the number of Tendered Shares and the level of foreign shareholding in 
the Target Company immed iately prior to the completion of the Underlying Transaction.  
(4) Voting rights for the Acquirer in the Target Company shall be capped at the level prescribed in Section 12(2) of the Banking 
Regulation Act, 1949 (as amended) and guidelines issued by the RBI from time to time (i.e., voting rights of the Acquirer in 
the Ta rget Company will be capped at 26.00% of the paid -up share capital of the Target Company).  
(5) The entire Subscription Price for each Subscription Share shall be payable by the Acquirer at the time of subscription of the  
Subscription Shares by the Acquirer pursuant to the Preferential Issue.  
(6) If the aggregate foreign investment limits of the Target Company as on the date of (and immediately prior to) the closure of 
the Open Offer are not sufficient enough to enable the Acquirer to acquire a minimum of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) of the 
issued and paid up equity share capital of the Target Company, f actoring the: (a) subscription to the Subscription Shares; 
and (b) the acquisition of the Tendered Shares,  then the Acquirer shall be entitled to terminate the Investment Agreement and 
will apply to SEBI for withdrawal from the Open Offer. Such right will be exercised pursuant to Regulation 23(1)(d) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, wherein SEBI has the discretion to permit withdrawal on merits based on an application made by 
the Acquirer.  
9. There are no other allottees other than the Acquirer in the Underlying Transaction i.e., the Preferential 
Issue.  
10. In terms of Regulation 167(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, given that: (a) the Acquirer will be the 
promoter of the Target Company post -completion of the Underlying Transaction; and (b) the Investment 
Agreement contemplates a preferential allotment of S ubscription Shares up to a maximum of 60.00% 
(sixty per cent.) of the post -issue paid -up share capital of the Target Company to the Acquirer, such 
number of Subscription Shares acquired by the Acquirer that is equal to 20.00% (twenty per cent.) of 
the tota l capital of the Target Company will be locked in for a period of 18 (eighteen) months while the 
remaining Subscription Shares acquired by the Acquirer will be locked in for a period of 6 (six) months , 
in each case,  from the date the Stock Exchanges grant their approval for trading. Further, under 
applicable RBI regulations, where an investor is permitted to hold more than 40.00% (forty per cent.) 
of the paid -up equity share capital of a private sector bank, 40.00% ( forty per cent.) of such shareholding 
is required to be locked in for a period of 5 (five) years from the date of acquisition.  
11. The in -principle approval for the issuance and listing of the Subscription Shares was received by the 
Target Company from the Stock Exchanges on 21 November 2025. Additionally, the details of the 
proposed subscription by the Acquirer ha s been provided below:  
Sr. 
No. Name of the 
Entity  No. of 
shares/war
rants 
issued  % of expanded voting 
capital of the Target 
Company  Relation with TC/Acquirer  
1.  Emirates 
NBD Bank 
(P.J.S.C)  959,045,63
6 60.0%  Proposed acquirer of the Target 
Company.  
 
12. The salient  features  of the Investment Agreement  are set out below:  
(i) The Investment Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions agreed between the Target 
Company and the Acquirer, as well as their respective rights and obligations in connection with 
the subscription, issue and allotment of Subscription Shares (as defined in the Investment 
Agreement) .  
 
27 (ii) Set out below are the key conditions precedent to the Underlying Transaction as specified under 
the Investment Agreement, including inter alia : 
(a) the Target Company and the Acquirer are required to obtain the Required Statutory 
Approvals, including approvals from the RBI, the  Competition Commission of India 
(“CCI”), and the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ DPIIT ”), 
as well as in -principle  approval from the relevant stock exchanges for the issuance of 
the Subscription Shares (as defined in the Investment Agreement ), as applicable;  
(b) the Target Company is required to provide the Acquirer with the certified copies of the 
resolutions approving the Preferential Issue, along with, inter alia,  (1) a certified copy 
of the certificate of a practicing company secretary of the Target Company stating that 
the issue of the Subscription Shares is being made in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; and (2) a duly certified valuation certificate from a chartered account ant or a 
merchant banker confirming that the price at which the Subscription Shares  are being 
allotted is in accordance with the relevant provisions of the FEMA, and all relevant 
rules, regulations and subordinate legislation made thereunder, including the NDI 
Rules;  
(c) no Governmental Authority (as defined in the Investment Agreement ) of competent 
jurisdiction having enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law (as 
defined in the Investment Agreement ) or judgment that is in effect and restrains, enjoins, 
prohibits or otherwise makes illegal completion of the transactions contemplated under 
the Investment Agreement by the Acquirer and Target Company; and  
(d) the Investor Warranties (as defined in the Investment Agreement ) being true, correct 
and not misleading as of the Completion Date (as defined and in terms of the Investment 
Agreement ). 
(iii) The Investment Agreement, inter -alia, provides for the following clauses:  
(a) the Completion ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) shall take place on a date 
which is the 1st (first) Business Day ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) following 
the date of closure of the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
or such other date as may be mutually agreed between the Acquirer and the Target 
Company;  
(b) customary fundamental representations and warranties backed by indemnities provided 
by the Target Company to Acquirer such as: (1) the Company Warranties ( as defined 
in the Investment Agreement ) and the Company ABAC Warranties ( as defined in the 
Investment Agreement ) are true, correct and not misleading in any respect; and (2) the 
Target Company agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Acquirer and its 
directors from and against any and all Losses ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) 
suffered and/or incurred, by any of them based upon or arising out of or relating to any 
breach of any Company Warranties ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) or any 
Company ABAC Warranties ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ), provided that: 
(A) such indemnification obligation will arise only if Completion ( as defined in the 
Investment Agreement ) has occurred; and (B) the maximum aggregate liability of the 
Target Company for any breach, misrepresentation or inaccuracy of the Company 
Warranties ( as defined i n the Investment Agreement ) and the Company ABAC 
Warranties ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) shall not exceed 100% (one 
hundred per cent.) of the Consideration ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) and, 
further, the indemnity provisions shall survive until expiry of 5 (five) years from the 
Completion Date ( as defined in the Investment Agreement );  
(c) on Completion ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) and subject to applicable law s 
(including, without limitation, Chapter IV of the RBI Governance Directions), the 
 
28 Acquirer shall have the right to nominate all non -independent directors (including with 
executive directors ), provided that this requirement shall automatically fall away upon 
the Acquirer ceasing to hold more than 50% (fifty per cent.) of the share capital of the 
Target Company (calculated on a fully diluted basis);   
(d) confidentiality clause that provides for standard obligations on the Acquirer and the 
Target Company to maintain confidentiality;  
(e) governing law clause sets out  that the Investment Agreement and the relationship 
between the Acquirer and the Target Company shall be governed by, and interpreted 
exclusively in accordance with, the laws of India;  
(f) notice clause that sets out the various prescriptions with respect to the mode of 
communication and provides the address of correspondence between the Acquirer and 
the Target Company;  
(g) the Investment Agreement shall terminate: (1) at any time where the Target Company 
and the Acquirer mutually agree to terminate the Investment Agreement; or (2) 
pursuant to non -fulfilment of conditions precedent as contemplated under the 
Investment Agreeme nt; or (3) at the option of the Acquirer, if the aggregate foreign 
investment limits of the Target Company as on the date of (and immediately prior to) 
the closure of the Open Offer, is not sufficient enough to enable the Acquirer to acquire 
a minimum aggr egate of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) of the issued and paid up equity 
share capital of the Target Company.  
(h) no failure or delay by the Target Company and the Acquirer in exercising any right or 
remedy provided by Law ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) under or pursuant 
to the Investment Agreement shall impair such right or remedy or operate or be 
construed as a waiver or variation of it or preclude its exercise at any subsequent time 
and no single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall pr eclude any other 
or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy;  
(i) non-solicit clause sets out that the Acquirer shall not, and shall ensure that its affiliates 
do not, directly or indirectly: (1) solicit, hire, employ or attempt to employ, solicit, hire 
for employment any person who is a Key Employee ( as defined in the Investment 
Agreement ) of the Target Company and/or RBL FinServe Limited; or (2) induce or 
attempt to induce any such Key Employee ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) to 
leave the service of, or cease to provide service to the Target Company and/or RBL 
FinServe Limited, for the timelines set out in the Investment Agreement; and  
(j) customary standstill provisions which require the Target Company to conduct its affairs 
and Business ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) in the ordinary course and in 
accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement.  
13. Vide an amendment agreement to the Investment Agreement dated 11 April 2026, entered into between 
the Acquirer and the Target Company (“ Amendment Agreement ”), the Investment Agreement has 
been amended to ensure alignment with the RBI Stipulations under the RBI Acquisition Approval inter 
alia to provide that, on Completion ( as defined in the Investment Agreement ) and subject to applicable 
law (including, without limitation, Chapter IV of the RBI Governance Directions), the Acquirer shall 
have the right to no minate all non -independent directors (including executive directors ); provided that 
this requirement shall automatically fall away upon the Acquirer ceasing to hold more than 50% (fifty 
per cent. ) of the share capital ( calculated on a fully diluted basis). As on the date of this Letter of Offer, 
there are no nominees of the Acquirer on  the board of the Target Company . 
14. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, the Acquirer has identified relevant persons to be appointed on 
the board of directors of  the Target Company  and such appointment is subject to applicable laws, 
including without limitation, (a) such person satisfying the ‘fit and proper’ criteria and other 
requirements/ conditions as may be specified by the RBI and Target Company’s Nomination and 
 
29 Remuneration Committee (“ NRC ”); (b) approval of the NRC; and (c) approval of the board of directors 
and the shareholders of the Target Company . Additionally, as on date  of this Letter of Offer , there are 
no nominees of the Acquirer on the board of the Target Company .    
15. The Acquirer has given representations and warranties in relation to, inter alia,  incorporation, authority 
and capacity of the Acquirer to execute and perform the Investment Agreement along with the 
representations and warranties in relation to, inter alia,  the business of the Acquirer’s banking 
operations in India being conducted in compliance with laws relating to anti -bribery, anti -corruption, 
or anti -money laundering. Similarly, the Target Company has given representations and warranties in 
relation to,  inter alia,  incorporation, authority and capacity of the Target Company to execute and 
perform the Investment Agreement along with the representations and warranties in relation to, inter 
alia, the business of the Target Company and its subsidiary being conducted in compliance with laws 
relating to anti -bribery, anti -corruption, or anti -money laundering.  
16. None of the terms of the Investment Agreement are in contravention of the provisions of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, 2011, the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, and 
other applicable laws. All the  relevant and  material terms and conditions of the Investment Agreement 
(as amended from time to time ) and the Underlying Transaction have been disclosed in this Letter of 
Offer.   
17. The Offer Price has been determined in accordance with Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations and the Applicable Interest has been determined in accordance with Regulation 18(11)  and 
Regulation 18(11A)  of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Assuming full acceptance of the Open Offer, the 
total consideration payable by the Acquirer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations will be ₹ 
117,353,299,774.34 (One hundred seventeen billion, three hundred fifty -three million, two hundred 
ninety -nine thousand, seven hundred seventy -four rupees thi rty-four paise) being the aggregate of (a) ₹ 
116,364,204,040  (One hundred sixteen billion, three hundred sixty -four million, two hundred four 
thousand forty rupe es), being the maximum consideration payable under this Open Offer assuming full 
acceptance; and (b) ₹ 989,095,734.34 (Nine hundred eighty -nine million, ninety -five thousand , seven 
hundred thirty -four rupees and thirty -four paise)  in interest at the Applicable Interest of ₹ 2.38 (two 
rupees and thirty -eight paise)  per Equity Share assuming full acceptance.  
18. The Offer Price and the Applicable Interest shall be payable in cash in accordance with Regulation 
9(1)(a) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and subject to the terms and conditions set out in th is Letter 
of Offer that is being dispatched to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the provisions of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulation s. 
19. In accordance with Regulation 26(6) and Regulation 26(7) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
committee of independent directors of the Target Company is required to provide their written reasoned 
recommendations  on the Open Offer to the Public Shareholders and such recommendations are required 
to be published in the specified form in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement 
was published at least 2 (two) Working Days before the commencement of t he Tendering Period, and 
simultaneously a cop y of such recommendations is required to be sent to SEBI, the Stock Exchanges 
and to the Manager to the Offer.  
20. The Acquirer has not been prohibited by the SEBI, from dealing in securities, in terms of directions 
issued by SEBI under Section 11B of the SEBI Act  or any other regulations made under the SEBI Act 
or by any regulatory / statutory authority in India or abroad.   
B. Details  of the proposed  Open Offer  
1. The Open Offer is a mandatory open offer made in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 and other 
applicable regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, pursuant to the execution of the Investment 
Agreement to acquire more than 25.00% (twenty -five per cent .) of the equity share capital of the Target 
Company and control over the Target Company by the Acquirer. The Public Announcement announcing 
the Open Offer, under Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulation 13(2)(g), Regulation 14 and 
Regulation 15(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, was sent to the Stock Exchanges and the Target 
Company on 18 October 2025 in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . Please refer to 
 
30 Paragraphs 8, 12 and 1 3 of Part III(A) ( Background to the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer for further 
information on the Investment Agreement.  
2. In accordance  with Regulation  14(3)  of the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations,  the Detailed  Public 
Statement was published in the following Newspapers on 28 October 2025*:  
Newspaper  Language  Editions  
Financial Express (All)  English  Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Chandigarh, Lucknow, 
Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, and Kochi  
Jansatta (All)  Hindi  Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Lucknow  
Tarun Bharat*  Marathi  Kolhapur and Mumbai  
* The Detailed Public Statement was published in the Mumbai edition of Tarun Bharat on 29 October 2025.  
Simultaneously,  a copy  of the Detailed  Public  Statement  was sent through  the Manager  to the Offer to: (i) 
SEBI; (ii) BSE; (iii) NSE; and (iv) the Target Company.  
3. A copy of the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC 
Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum and the April Corrigendum are also available on the  website of 
SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ). Further, the SEC Corrigendum  (dated 3 November 2025) , the RSA 
Corrigendum  (dated 2 February 2026)  and the April Corrigendum (dated 11 April 2026) were published 
on 4 November 2025, 3 February 2026 and 12 April 2026, respectively, in the aforesaid newspapers 
and a copy thereof was submitted to SEBI, Stock Exchanges and the Target Company on 4 November 
2025, 3 February 2026 and 12 April 2026, respectively.  
4. The Expanded  Voting  Share  Capital  of the Target  Company  as of the 10th (tenth) Working  Day from  the 
closure of the tendering period is computed as per the table below:  
Particulars  Number  of Shares  
Fully  paid up equity  shares  as of the date of the PA 613,388,654  
Partly  paid up equity  shares  as of the date of the PA Nil 
Equity Shares proposed to be allotted by the Target Company to the Acquirer 
pursuant to the Preferential Issue  959,045,636  
Outstanding employee stock options already vested as on date  of the Public 
Announcement /expected to vest between the date of the P ublic Announcement  
and 18 October 2026  25,975,103  
Expanded  Voting  Share  Capital  1,598,409,393  
5. The Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer to the Public Shareholders to acquire up to 415,586,443 
(four hundred and fifteen million five hundred and eighty -six thousand four hundred and forty -three) 
Equity Shares (“ Offer Shares ”) constituting 26.00%*  (twenty -six per cent.)  of the Expanded Voting 
Share Capital or such proportionately reduced Equity Shares in accordance with the first proviso to 
Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, at a price of ₹ 280.00 (two hundred and eighty  rupees) 
per Offer Share (“ Offer Price ”) along with the Applicable Interest of ₹2.38 (two rupees and thirty eight 
paise) per Offer Share aggregating to a total consideration of ₹117,353,299,774.34 (One hundred 
seventeen billion, three hundred fifty -three million, two hundred ninety -nine thousa nd, seven hundred 
seventy -four rupees thirty -four paise) (assuming full acceptance and no MPS Proportionate Reduction), 
subject to the receipt of all applicable statutory approvals (other than the Required Statutory Approvals, 
which have  already been obtained as on the date of this Letter of Offer), and the terms and conditions 
mentioned in the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the 
SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum and  this Letter of Offer to be issued 
for the Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
*The Open Offer size is subject to the MPS Proportionate Reduction, such that the resulting shareholding of the 
Acquirer on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction (as defined below) does not exceed 
75.00% of the Expanded Voting Share C apital.  
 
31 6. The Open Offer is being made at a price of ₹ 280.00 (two hundred and eighty rupees) per Offer Share  
along with the Applicable Interest of ₹2.38 (two rupees and thirty -eight paise) per Offer Share . The 
Offer Price has been  arrived at in accordance with Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
Assuming full acceptance of the Open Offer, the total consideration payable by the Acquirer in 
accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations will be ₹ 117,353,299,774.34 (One hundred seventeen 
billion, three hundred fifty -three million, two hundred  ninety -nine thousand, seven hundred seventy -
four rupees thirty -four paise) being the aggregate of (a) ₹ 116,364,204,040  (One hundred sixteen billion, 
three hundred sixty four million, two hundred four thousand forty rupe es), being the maximum 
consideration payable under this Open Offer assuming full acceptance; and (b) ₹ 989,095,734.34  (Nine 
hundred eighty -nine million, ninety -five thousand, seven hundred thirty -four rupees and thirty -four 
paise)  in interest at the Applicable Interest of ₹ 2.38  (two rupees  and thirty eight paise) per Equity Share 
assuming full acceptance.  
7. The Offer Price  and Applicable Interest  shall be payable in cash in accordance with Regulation 9(1)(a) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Letter of Offer 
that is dispatched to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the provisions of the S EBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
8. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that the Equity 
Shares are clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. The Offer Shares will be acquired, subject 
to such Offer Shares being validly tendered in the Open Offer, together with all the rights attached 
thereto, including all the rights to dividends, bonuses and right offers declared thereof and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth in the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement,  the 
Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum and this 
Letter of Offer, and the tendering Public Shareholders shall have obtained all necessary consents 
required by them to tender the Offer Shares.  
9. All Public Shareholders (including resident or non -resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from 
the RBI) held by them, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required 
to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to 
reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who ar e not 
persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory 
body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous 
approvals, that they would have obtained for holdi ng the Equity Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held 
by them, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such 
approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
10. Part C ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer ) of 
this Letter of Offer sets out the details of the statutory, governmental and other approvals required under 
the Investment Agreement which have already been received as on the date of this Letter of Offer . If 
such approvals had not been obtained, the Open Offer could have been withdrawn in accordance with 
Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
11. Paragraph 12 (ii) of Section III(A) ( Background to the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer sets out the 
details of the key conditions precedent stipulated in the Investment Agreement which, if not met for 
reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer, may lead to the Transaction being withdrawn in 
accordance wi th Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
12. The Acquirer intends to: (a) retain listing of the Target Company; and (b) acquire sole control of the 
Target Company pursuant to completion of the Transaction.  
13. The Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19(1) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
14. The Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
15. Where any statutory or other approval extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the 
 
32 Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no 
statutory or other approvals are required in order to complete the Open Offer.  
16. On 18 October 2025, each of the board of directors of the Acquirer and the Target Company, subject to 
regulatory approvals and approval of the shareholders of the Target Company and the Acquirer (or such 
other approval/ authorization which under the laws a pplicable to the Acquirer may validly be given in 
lieu of such requirement), have approved a scheme of amalgamation (“ Scheme ”) for the Proposed 
Amalgamation, pursuant to which it is proposed to amalgamate the Acquirer’s India Branches into and 
with the Tar get Company under Section 44 -A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Reserve Bank 
of India (Commercial Banks – Voluntary Amalgamation) Directions, 2025 dated 28 November 2025 
and other applicable laws relevant for the Proposed Amalgamation. The Acquirer presently operates in 
India through the branch mode of presence, licensed by the RBI under Section 22 of the Banking 
Regulation Act, 1949, through 3 (three) branches in Mumbai, Chennai, and Gurugram (“ India 
Branches ”). Under the FEMA NDI Rules read with t he Reserve Bank of India WOS Guidelines, 2025 
(Circular No. RBI/DOR/2025 -26/144 dated 28 November 2025) (“ RBI WOS Scheme ”), foreign banks 
may operate in India only through one of the following three channels: (a) branches; (b) a wholly owned 
subsidiary; or (c) a subsidiary with aggregate foreign investment of up to 74.00% (seventy -four per 
cent.) in a private bank (“ Foreign Bank Subsidiary ”). To ensure compliance with the requirement of 
a single mode of presence for foreign banks in India under the FEMA NDI  Rules read with the RBI 
WOS Scheme  and to create a larger bank promoted by the Acquirer , the board of directors of the 
Acquirer and the Target Company have approved the Proposed Amalgamation. Pursuant to the Scheme, 
the entire undertaking of the Acquirer's India Branches, including all assets and liabilities, will be 
transferred to and vested in the Target Company on a going concern basis, in consideration fo r which 
the Target Company shall issue and allot to the Acquirer an aggregate of 87 ,089,286 ( eighty seven 
million e ighty nine thousand two hundred and eighty six) Equity Shares of the Target Company. The 
Proposed Amalgamation is subject to the conditions precedent set out in the Scheme, including 
consummation of the Preferential Issue and the Open Offer. The shareholders of the Target Company 
have, at the extrao rdinary general meeting of the shareholders held on 12 November 2025, approved 
the Scheme in relation to the Proposed Amalgamation and the shareholders of the Acquirer have, at the 
annual general meeting of the shareholders held on 17 February 2026 approved the Scheme in relation 
to the Proposed Amalgamation . In the interim period between consummation of the Underlying 
Transaction and the effectiveness of the Proposed Amalgamation, the Acquirer will simultaneously 
operate in India through both the branch mode of presence and the Subsidiary Mode of Presence. T he 
Acquirer made applications to the Government of India and the RBI under the FEMA NDI Rules read 
with the RBI WOS Scheme, seeking a temporary  exemption to operate under the branch mode of 
presence as well as the Foreign Bank Subsidiary mode of presence, until the completion of the Proposed 
Amalgamation.  In relation to the GOI Dual Presence Approval, the Acquirer has received a letter from 
Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance dated 02 March 2026 stating that the said 
approval falls within the administrative / regulatory purview of RBI and such approval may be sought 
from the RBI. The RBI Dual Presence Approval has been received b y the Acquirer vide the RBI Letter 
dated 1 April 2026.  An application was submitted to the CCI for its approval for the Proposed 
Amalgamation and the approval of CCI for the Proposed Amalgamation has been received by the 
Acquirer vide letter dated 20 January 2026. An application will be made to the RBI seeking  its approval 
for the Proposed Amalgamation.  
17. As per Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations read with Rules 19(2) and 19A of the SCRR, 
the Target Company is required to maintain at least 25.00% (twenty -five per cent.) public shareholding 
as determined in accordance with SCRR, on a continuous bas is for listing. If the shareholding of the 
Acquirer in the Target Company computed as the sum of: (a) number of Equity Shares validly tendered 
by the Public Shareholders and accepted in the Open Offer (i.e., the Tendered Shares); and (b) the 
Equity Shares agreed to be subscribed by the Acquirer under the Investment Agreement (i.e., the 
Subscription Shares), exceeds the MPS Cap, then the Acquirer will undertake a proportionate reduction 
of the Tendered Shares and Subscription Shares in compliance with Regula tion 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations so as to ensure that, upon the completion of the Transaction, the aggregate shareholding of 
the Acquirer in the Target Company does not exceed the MPS Cap (i.e., the MPS Proportionate 
Reduction). In addition, if the  aggregate of the Subscription Shares and the Tendered Shares (and, if the 
MPS Cap is breached as well, after undertaking the MPS Proportionate Reduction) along with the rest 
 
33 of the foreign shareholding in the Target Company exceeds the Foreign Shareholding Threshold (as of 
the close of the trading day immediately preceding the completion date under the Investment 
Agreement), then the Acquirer will acquire such lesser number of  Subscription Shares such that the 
aggregate of the Subscription Shares, the Tendered Shares and the rest of the foreign shareholding in 
the Target Company does not exceed the Foreign Shareholding Threshold. The MPS Proportionate 
Reduction will be applied only in the event the aggregate of the Subscription Shares and the Tendered 
Shares exceeds the MPS Cap.  
18. As on the  date of this Letter  of Offer,  there  are no:  (a) partly paid -up Equity Shares;  and/or (b) 
outstanding  convertible  securities (other than outstanding  employee stock  options);  and/or (c) warrants 
issued by the Target Company.  
19. There  is no differential  pricing  for this Open  Offer.  
20. As on the date of this Letter of Offer,  other  than as set out in Part C (Statutory  and Other  Approvals ) of 
Section  VII (Terms  and Conditions  of the Open  Offer ) of this Letter  of Offer below  (which have already 
been received as on the date of this Letter of Offer) , there  are no statutory  approvals required by the 
Acquirer for the consummation of the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer. However, if any 
other statutory or governmental approval(s) are required or become applicable at  a later date  before 
closure  of the Tendering  Period,  the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer would also be subject 
to such other statutory or other governmental approval(s) and the Acquirer shall make the necessary 
applications for such other approvals.  
21. The Acquirer  has not acquired  any Equity  Shares  of the Target  Company  between the  date of the Public  
Announcement,  i.e., 18 October 2025,  and the date of this Letter  of Offer.  
22. The Manager  to the Offer  does not hold any  Equity  Shares  of the Target Company. The Manager to  the 
Offer  shall  not deal,  on its own account,  in the Equity  Shares  of the Target  Company  during the Offer 
Period. There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending under the SEBI Act and the 
regulations made thereunder against the Manager as on the date hereof. There are no actions/penalties 
taken/levied by SEBI/RBI/Stock Exchanges und er the SEBI Act and the regulations made thereunder 
against the Manager  as on the date hereof.  
C. Object  of the Open  Offer  
1. The Open Offer is being made under Regulation 3(1) and Regulation 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
since the Acquirer has entered into an agreement to acquire shares and voting rights in excess of 25.00% 
(twenty -five per cent.) of the equity share capital of the Target Company and control over the Target 
Company and to become ‘promoter’ of the Target Company in accordance with the provisions of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations. Following the completion of the Open Offer, the Acquirer intends to 
support the manag ement of the Target Company in their efforts towards the sustained growth of the 
Target Company. The Target Company is a private sector bank engaged in providing a range of banking 
and financial services, including retail banking, wholesale banking, digita l banking and other services. 
The Acquirer presently intends to continue with the existing activities.  
2. Subsequent to the completion of the Offer, the Acquirer reserves the right to streamline/restructure the 
operations, assets, liabilities and/or businesses of the Target Company through 
arrangement/reconstruction, restructuring, buybacks, merger/ demerger o f the Equity Shares from the 
Stock Exchanges and/or sale of assets or undertakings, at a later date. The Acquirer may also consider 
disposal of or otherwise encumbering any assets or investments of the Target Company or any of its 
subsidiaries, through sal e, lease, reconstruction, restructuring and/or re -negotiation or termination of 
existing contractual/operating arrangements, for restructuring and/or rationalizing the assets, 
investments or liabilities of the Target Company and/or its subsidiaries, to imp rove operational 
efficiencies and for other commercial reasons. The board of directors of the Target Company will take 
decisions on these matters in accordance with the requirements of the business of the Target Company 
and in accordance with and as permit ted by applicable law.  
3. The Acquirer is a leading banking group in the MENATSA (Middle East, North Africa, Türkiye and 
 
34 South Asia) region, serving over 10,000,000 ( ten million) active customers and having presence in 13 
(thirteen) countries with operations in the UAE, Egypt, India, Türkiye, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Singapore, the United Kingdom, Austria, Germany, Russia and Bahrain. Over the past decade, 
establishin g a larger international presence has formed the core of the Acquirer's growth and expansion 
strategy. The Acquirer has focused on international diversification by establishing branches in the 
Kingdom of Saud i Arabia (first branch operational since 2004), Singapore (representative office 
converted to a branch in 2010), the United Kingdom (branch operational since 1986), and in India 
(representative office converted to a branch in 2017). The Acquirer also has s ubsidiary operations in 
Egypt (acquisition completed in 2013). On 31 July 2019, the Acquirer acquired Denizbank, a leading 
bank in Turkey.  
4. From a strategic perspective, India is a key strategic market and expanding the Acquirer's presence, 
both via organic and inorganic modes, remains a core strategic priority. India and the UAE have 
historically enjoyed strong bilateral relations and commerc ial and cultural ties. The Acquirer has a 
strong commitment towards India and is licensed to operate as a foreign bank under the branch mode 
of presence, currently operating through 3 (three) branches in India. The acquisition of the Target 
Company represe nts an opportunity to expand the Acquirer's presence in India and support the long -
term growth of the Target Company. The Acquirer's induction as a promoter of the Target Company 
brings deep global expertise in banking, risk management and innovation. The Acquirer's active 
involvement is expected to: (a) provide access to global best practices; (b) strengthen execution 
capabilities across strategic and operational areas; and (c) enhance opportunities to capture trade and 
foreign -exchange flows arising from the growing India –UAE trade corridor.  
D. Shareholding  and Acquisition  Details  
1. The current and  proposed  shareholding  of the Acquirer  in the Target  Company  and the details of their 
acquisition are as follows:  
Details  Acquirer  
No. % 
Shareholding  as on the PA date. Nil Nil 
Shares acquired between the Public Announcement  date 
and the date of this Letter of Offer.   Nil Nil 
Post Offer shareholding as of 10th Working Day after the 
closure (assuming no Equity Shares tendered in the Open 
Offer).  959,045,636 Equity Shares  
 
The minimum number of 
Equity Shares to be acquired 
by the Acquirer under the 
Investment Agreement will 
depend on the issued and 
outstanding equity share 
capital of the Target Company 
upon completion of the 
Underlying Transaction, 
depending on the change in  the 
equity share capital of the 
Target Company on account of 
any exercise of vested 
employee stock options during 
the offer period of the Open 
Offer as well as the number of 
Tendered Shares and the level 
of foreign shareholding in the 
Target Company immed iately 
prior to the completion of the 
Underlying Transaction.  
 
Assuming that the aggregate 
foreign shareholding in the 
Target Company allows the 60.00 % of the Expanded  
Voting  Share  Capital   
 
The minimum number of 
Equity Shares to be acquired 
by the Acquirer under the 
Investment Agreement will 
depend on the issued and 
outstanding equity share 
capital of the Target 
Company upon completion of 
the Underlying Transaction, 
depending on the change in  
the equity share capital of the 
Target Company on account 
of any exercise of vested 
employee stock options 
during the offer period of the 
Open Offer as well as the 
number of Tendered Shares 
and the level of foreign 
shareholding in the Target 
Company immed iately prior 
to the completion of the 
Underlying Transaction.  
 
 
35 Acquirer to acquire all 
Subscription Shares 
constituting 60.00% of the 
issued and outstanding equity 
share capital as on the closing 
of the Underlying Transaction 
which will be in compliance 
with the Foreign Shareholding 
Thresholds.  Assuming that the aggregate 
foreign shareholding in the 
Target Company allows the 
Acquirer to acquire all 
Subscription Shares 
constituting 60.00% of the 
issued and outstanding equity 
share capital as on the closing 
of the Underlying 
Transaction which will be in 
compliance with the Foreign 
Shareholding Thresholds.  
Post Offer shareholding as of 10th Working Day after the 
closure of the open Offer (assuming the entire 26.00% is 
tendered in the Open Offer).  954,247,407 Equity Shares  
 
Assuming foreign 
shareholding from 1 day prior 
to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period of the Open 
Offer until the issuance and 
allotment of the Subscription 
Shares (excluding the 
Acquirer) is nil.  
This assumes that 959,045,636 
Equity Shares represents 
60.00% (sixty per cent.) of the 
total paid -up share capital of 
the Target Company as on the 
date of consummation of the 
Underlying Transaction, and 
the Proportionate Scale Down 
and Contractual Reductio n 
Mechanism has been further 
applied.  
The minimum number of 
Equity Shares to be acquired 
by the Acquirer under the 
Investment Agreement will 
depend on the issued and 
outstanding equity share 
capital of the Target Company 
upon completion of the 
Underlying Transaction, 
depending on the change in  the 
equity share capital of the 
Target Company on account of 
any exercise of vested 
employee stock options during 
the offer period of the Open 
Offer as well as the number of 
Tendered Shares and the level 
of foreign shareholding in the 
Target Company immed iately 
prior to the completion of the 
Underlying Transaction.  
 74.00 % of the Expanded  
Voting  Share  Capital 
  
Assuming foreign 
shareholding from 1 day prior 
to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period of the Open 
Offer until the issuance and 
allotment of the Subscription 
Shares (excluding the 
Acquirer) is nil.  
This assumes that 
959,045,636 Equity Shares 
represents 60.00% (sixty per 
cent.) of the total paid -up 
share capital of the Target 
Company as on the date of 
consummation of the 
Underlying Transaction, and 
the Proportionate Scale 
Down and Contractual 
Reductio n Mechanism has 
been further applied.  
The minimum number of 
Equity Shares to be acquired 
by the Acquirer under the 
Investment Agreement will 
depend on the issued and 
outstanding equity share 
capital of the Target 
Company upon completion of 
the Underlying Transaction, 
depending on the change in  
the equity share capital of the 
Target Company on account 
of any exercise of vested 
employee stock options 
during the offer period of the 
Open Offer as well as the 
number of Tendered Shares 
and the level of foreign 
shareholding in the Target 
Company immed iately prior 
to the completion of the 
Underlying Transaction.  
 
IV. BACKGROUND  OF THE  ACQUIRER   
Details of Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.) (Acquirer):  
1. The Acquirer  is a public joint stock company, incorporated under the laws of Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates (Commercial Registration Number: 1013450)  on 16 July 2007 consequent to the merger 
 
36 between Emirates Bank International (P.J.S.C.) and National Bank of Dubai (P.J.S.C.) under the 
Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law Number 8 of 1984), as amended. There has been no change 
in the name of the Acquirer since its incorporation.  The contact details (telephone number) of the 
Acquirer is +971 (0) 4 609 3878 .  
2. The Acquirer has its registered ofﬁce at Baniyas Street, Deira, P.O. Box 777, Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates.  
3. The Acquirer does not belong to any group.  
4. No person is acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purpose of the Open Offer.  
5. The Acquirer offers a range of banking products and services including retail banking, corporate and 
institutional banking, Islamic banking, investment banking, private banking, asset management, global 
markets and treasury, and brokerage operations across  the UAE and international markets.  
6. The approval from Dubai Financial Market in respect of the proposed acquisition of Target Company 
by the Acquirer is not required . 
7. The authorized, issued and paid -up share capital of the Acquirer is 6,316,598,253 (six billion three 
hundred sixteen million five hundred ninety -eight thousand two hundred fifty -three) ordinary shares of 
AED 1 (United Arab Emirates dirham one) each. The Go vernment of Dubai holds 55.76% (fifty -five 
point seven six per cent.) of the share capital of the Acquirer through: (a) the ICD (i.e., the Sovereign 
Wealth Fund of Dubai) which holds 40.92% (forty point nine two per cent.) of the share capital of the 
Acqui rer; and (b) DH 7 (a wholly owned member of the Dubai Holding LLC group, which is in turn 
ultimately fully owned by the Government of Dubai) which holds 14.84% (fourteen point eight four per 
cent.) of the share capital of the Acquirer. Other than the menti oned entities, there is no other legal 
entity or natural person including family members collectively owning directly and/or indirectly 10% 
(ten per cent) or more of the share capital of the Acquirer. The shareholding pattern of the Acquirer is 
as follows:   
Sr. No.  Shareholder  Number of shares  % of the shares  
(i) ICD 2,584,499,640  40.92%  
(ii) DH 7  937,500,000  14.84%  
(iii) Others  2,794,598,613  44.24%  
Source : Dubai Financial Market  
8. The securities  of the Acquirer  are listed on Dubai Financial Market (TICKER: EMIRATESNBD) since 
15 October 2007. The Acquirer’s securities are not  listed  on any stock  exchange  in India.  
9. The market price per share of the Acquirer on the Dubai Financial Market is as follows:  
Month  Market price per share of the Acquirer*  
AED  INR 
Date of PA (18 October 2025) # 26.8 641.9  
Date of publication of Detailed Public Statement (28 October 
2025)  27.4 657.2  
Date of publication of Detailed Public Statement in Tarun 
Bharat (Mumbai edition) (29 October 2025)  27.9 670.0  
One working day prior to the date of Draft Letter of Offer (3 
November 2025)  28.3 684.1  
One working day prior to the date of Letter of Offer (i.e., 21 
May 2026 )  27.6 727.6  
Source : Dubai Financial Market for the market price per share of the Acquirer in AED.  
 
37 Note : AED to INR conversion has been assumed at a rate of AED 1 = ₹ 23.9522  as on 17 October 2025, AED 1= ₹ 24.0305 
as on 28 October 2025, AED 1 = ₹ 24.0145 as on 29 October 2025, AED 1= ₹ 24.1717 as on 3 November 2025 , AED 1 = ₹ 
26.3619 as on 20 May 2026  (Source: Bloomberg).  
* Closing price  
# Data as of 17 October 2025 (the market was not open on 18 October 2025).  
10. The Acquirer is in compliance with all corporate governance rules and regulations to which it is subject 
to under the laws of Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The compliance officer of the Acquirer is Victor 
Matafonov and their office address is Building A2, D ubai Commerce City, Umm Ramool, Dubai.  
11. The Acquirer,  its directors  and key  employees do not have any  relationship with  or interest in the Target 
Company except for the Underlying Transaction, as detailed in Part A  (Background  to the Open  Offer ) 
of Section III ( Details of the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer,  that has triggered  this Open Offer.  
12. The Acquirer and its directors do not hold any Equity Shares in the Target Company as on the date of 
the Letter of Offer . The Acquirer has not acquired any Equity Shares between the date of the Public 
Announcement, i.e., 18 October 2025  and the date of this Letter of Offer. The Acquirer will not sell the 
Equity Shares of the Target Company (if acquired) during the Offer Period in terms of Regulation 25(4) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
13. The Acquirer has not been prohibited by any statutory or regulatory authority, whether in India or 
abroad, from dealing in securities in terms of the provisions of Section 11B of the SEBI Act  or under 
any regulation made under the SEBI Act.   
14. From 15 October 2007 (i.e., the date the Acquirer was listed on the Dubai Financial Market) (“ Acquirer 
Listing Date ”) and up to the date of this Letter of Offer, there are no directions subsisting or proceedings 
pending under the SEBI Act and the regulations made thereunder against (i) the Acquirer; (ii) the 
Acquirer's ultimate beneficial owner (as defined under the Prevention of Money Laundering 
(Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005) i.e., the Acquirer’s chief executive officer (“ UBO ”), (iii) the 
Acquirer’s directors. Additionally, as on date, per information received by the Acquirer from ICD, there 
are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending under the SEBI Act and regulations made 
thereunder on ICD. Further, as on date, per information received by the Acquirer from DH 7, to the 
knowledge of DH 7, there are no directions subsisting or pr oceedings pending under the SEBI Act and 
regulations made thereunder against DH 7.   
15. Neither  the Acquirer nor its UBO have been categorised or declared as wilful defaulters by any statutory 
or regulatory authority in India (“wilful defaulter” as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations) or abroad. Additionally, neither the Acquirer nor its UBO have been categorised 
or declared as fugitive economic offenders by any statutory or regulatory authority in India (in terms of 
Regulation 2(1)(ja) read with Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018) ) 
or abroad . 
16. The Acquirer’s directors and key employees have not been categorised as (a) wilful defaulters under 
the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI  or in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations; and (b) fugitive economic offenders under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic 
Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018) read with Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
17. As per information received by the Acquirer from ICD and DH 7, to the knowledge of ICD and DH 7, 
neither ICD nor DH 7 has been categorised as a wilful defaulter under the guidelines on wilful defaulters 
issued by the RBI, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of  the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Further, it may be 
noted that under Section 2(1)(f) read with Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 
(17 of 2018), the designation of a fugitive economic offender applies only to individuals. Accordingly, 
DH 7  and ICD, being corporate entities, do not fall within the scope of the Fugitive Economic Offenders 
Act, 2018 (17 of 2018).   
18. From the Acquirer Listing Date and up to the date of this Letter of Offer, there are no actions or penalties 
taken or levied by SEBI / Stock Exchanges under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder or the 
RBI against  the Acquirer (except as provided below), Acquirer’s directors and the Acquirer’s UBO. 
 
38 Additionally, per information received by the Acquirer from DH 7, to DH 7’s knowledge, there are no 
actions / penalties taken / levied by SEBI / the Stock Exchanges under the SEBI Act and regulations 
made thereunder, as well as RBI, against DH 7 as on date. Further, per information received by the 
Acquirer from ICD, as on date, there are no actions / penalties taken / levied by SEBI / the Stock 
Exchanges under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder, as well as RBI.  
19. Set out below are the actions or penalties taken or levied by the RBI against  the Acquirer:  
(i) The Acquirer’s India Branch es received a show cause notice dated 4 May 2022 from RBI for 
non-compliance with requirements of the Circular (Ref. No. 
DoS.CO.PPG/SEC.03/11.01.005/2020 -21) dated 14 September 2020 on 'Automation of 
Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning processes in banks'. In response, 
the Indian branch of the Acquirer submitted an independent auditor's certificate dated 5 
September 2022 on its compliance status in respect of the aforementioned circular. 
Subsequently, the Acquirer’s Indian branch receive d an email from RBI on 2 December 2022, 
pursuant to its review of the independent auditor's certificate and its onsite visit, identifying 
certain gaps in compliance and requesting a revised auditor's certificate. The Acquirer has since 
addressed these gaps  and kept the RBI informed of all actions undertaken in this regard. 
Compliance with the RBI's findings was accepted by RBI subject to onsite validation, as 
communicated vide email dated 5 June 2023.  
(ii) Additionally, the Acquirer’s India Branch es received an 'RBI displeasure letter' bearing 
reference CO.DOS.RSD.No.S1983/31 -01-097/2024 -2025 dated 12 June 2024, concerning 
SWIFT -related operational controls and non -compliance with RBI instructions. The Acquirer’s 
Indian branch responded to the RBI by  way of its response letter dated 5 July 2024. The 
Acquirer’s India branches have subsequently filed the requisite RBI returns on SWIFT, wherein 
compliance with applicable requirements has been reported. As of the  date hereof, no further 
communication or follow -up has been received from the RBI in this regard . 
20. As the Acquirer is incorporated under the laws of Dubai, United Arab Emirates and is not an Indian 
listed company, the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations do not apply to the Acquirer and there 
has been no non -compliance or delayed compliance with th e SEBI (LODR) Regulations by the 
Acquirer.  
21. There has been no merger, demerger, spin -off, or any similar restructuring involving the Acquirer 
during the last 3 (three) financial years.  
22. The details of the board of directors of the Acquirer, as on the date of this Letter of Offer, are as follows:  
Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
(i)  H.H. Sheikh Ahmed 
Bin Saeed Al 
Maktoum  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 25 
June 2011  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Chairman and 
non-independent 
non-executive 
director  • Bachelor’s degree in political science 
from the University of Denver, 
Colorado, USA.  
• Fellowship of the British Royal 
Aeronautical Society.  
• H.H. Sheikh Ahmed has been at the 
forefront of Dubai’s remarkable 
economic development for nearly four 
decades, formulating economic, 
investment, and fiscal policies in support 
of the Emirate’s overarching vision. 
H.H. is the President of the Dubai Civil 
Aviation Authority, Chairman of Dubai 
Airports and Chairman Dubai Holding 
and the Emirates Group. Outside of 
aviation, he holds several government 
 
39 Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
positions which include Chairman of the 
Supreme Fiscal Committee and the 
Supreme Council of Energy and plays a 
pivotal role in leading the Emirate’s 
finance and energy sectors. He has been 
the Chairman of the Emirates NBD 
Bank PJSC since 2011 and is also a  
member of the Board of Directors of 
ICD.  
(ii)  Mr. Hesham Abdulla 
Al Qassim  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 25 
June 2011  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Vice chairman 
and managing 
director; non -
independent non -
executive director  • Bachelor’s degree in Banking and 
Finance . 
• Master’s degree in International 
Business Management  and in  Executive 
Leadership Development . 
• Mr. Al Qassim has more than  20 years’ 
experience  in the banking  industry, 
currently serving as  Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director of  Emirates NBD  
Bank (P.J.S.C.), and  Chairman of 
Emirates Islamic Bank  P.J.S.C.,  
Emirates NBD Egypt  and DenizBank 
A.Ş Türkiye.  
• He is the Chief Executive Officer of  
Wasl Asset Management Group , 
responsible for leading its 
transformation into a world -class asset 
management company. He is also the  
Vice Chairman  of Dubai Real Estate 
Corporation . 
(iii)  H.E. Mohamed Hadi 
Ahmed Al Hussaini  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 25 
June 2011  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025   Non-independent 
non-executive 
director  • Master’s degree in International 
Business from  Webster University  in 
Geneva, Switzerland.  
• H.E. Al Hussaini is the Minister of State 
for Financial Affairs , with a mandate for 
managing the strategic direction and 
financial policies to maintain the 
interests of the UAE at local and 
international levels. He brings over  25 
years of professional experience across 
the banking, finance, insurance, real 
estate, telecommunications , retail  and 
investment sectors.  
• He also serves in leadership roles 
supporting  federal and local 
governments in diversifying sovereign 
wealth and managing significant 
investment portfolios, both regionally 
and internationally, and has also led and 
overseen a number of mergers, 
acquisitions, and other financing 
transactions for the public and private 
sectors.  
• H.E. has been a Director of Emirates 
Islamic Bank since 2011 and holds 
 
40 Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
several other positions, which include 
Chair of the Etihad Credit Bureau, 
Acting Chair of Emirates Real Estate 
Corporation, Vice Chair of Emirates 
Investment Authority and the Federal 
Tax Authority and Director ICD and 
Dubai Real Estate Corporation . 
(iv)  Mr. Buti Obaid Buti 
Al Mulla  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 18 
July 2007  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Non-independent 
non-executive 
director  • Diploma in Business Administration  
from  Newberry College  in Boston, USA.  
• Mr. Al Mulla has over 35 years of 
professional experience that spans the  
banking, finance, real estate, hospitality, 
and investment sectors.  
• He is  Chairman  of Mohamad and Obaid 
Al Mulla Group , a Dubai -based market 
leader in key strategic economic sectors, 
including hospitality, healthcare & 
pharmaceuticals, real estate, travel & 
tourism, and investments.  
• Due to his roles as the Chairman and 
board member of various companies, he 
has extensive experience and  expertise 
in business development, strategic 
planning, human resources, 
remuneration, corporate governance, 
ESG  and commercial and Islamic 
banking.  
• He is the Vice Chairman of Emirates 
Islamic Bank and holds several other 
positions which includes Chairman of 
Dubai Insurance and Oman Refreshment 
Company and Director of Emaar 
Properties and Dubai Refreshment 
Company.  
(v)  Mr. Ali Humaid Ali 
Al Owais  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 27 
March 2013  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Non-independent 
non-executive 
director  • Bachelor’s degree in Business E -
Commerce  from  Higher Colleges of 
Technology, UAE.  
• Mr. Al Owais is the Chairman  and a 
board  member of various  companies , 
instrumental in bringing about major 
changes through his entrepreneurial 
skills and business contacts. His  
experience spans the  real estate, 
investment, food production and 
distribution  sectors.  
• He is recognised for his profound 
understanding of the  financial sector, 
corporate governance, and strategic 
planning, which stems from his 
extensive leadership experience as 
Chairman of Al Owais Group and his 
ability to integrate risk management, 
regulatory compliance, and ESG  
 
41 Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
principles into sustainable business 
growth.  
• He holds several other positions which 
include Chairman of United Food 
Company, Vice Chairman of Dubai 
Refreshment Company and Modern 
Bakery and Director of Oman 
Refreshments . 
(vi)  Mr. Salem 
Mohammed 
Obaidalla  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 20 
February 2019  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Non-independent 
non-executive 
director  • Business Administration degree  from  
Wentworth Institute of Technology  in 
Boston, USA.  
• Mr. Obaidalla is Senior Vice President  – 
Relationship Development and Local 
Affairs , Customer Affairs and Service 
Audit  department for Emirates Airlines. 
He has extensive professional 
experience in the Commercial 
Operations Department at Emirates 
Airline and contributed to the success of 
launching various destinations, such as 
Amsterdam, Prague, Madrid, Geneva, 
Copenhagen,  St. Petersburg, Dublin, 
Barcelona, Mexico, and Lisbon. Prior to 
this role, he was Senior Vice President – 
Aeropolitical and Internationa l Affairs . 
He has a proven track record in  
operational  excellence , financial  and 
credit oversight , and strategic planning.  
• He has been a director of Emirates 
Islamic Bank PJSC since 2019 and is 
also a Director of  Alliance Insurance . 
(vii)  H.E. Huda Sayed 
Naim AlHashimi  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 23 
February 2022  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Independent non -
executive director  • BSC degree  in Business Administration 
from the Higher Colleges of 
Technology , UAE .  
• Policy Fellow at the Centre for Science 
and Policy at the University of 
Cambridge , UK.  
• Leadership Development Programme 
from Mohammed bin Rashid Center.  
• Certificate from IMD for board 
governance.  
• H.E. AlHashimi is the Deputy Minister 
of Cabinet Affairs for Strategic Affairs . 
Part of this role involves leading the 
process of articulating the UAE 
Leadership’s Vision, setting an 
ambitious long -term strategy for the 
implementation of “We The UAE 
2031 ”, and advising on all government 
strategies and transformative 
programmes prior to their approval at 
the Cabinet. She is also the Secretary 
General of the Higher Committee for the 
Development of the Economic and 
 
42 Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
Financial Sector for the Government of 
Dubai.  
• H.E. led the setup and leads the 
operations of the Mohammed Bin 
Rashid Centre for  Government 
Innovation  and Accelerators Centre . She 
was responsible for the design and 
launch of the Zero Government 
Bureaucracy  Program at the Prime 
Minister’s Office and is responsible for 
governance and institutional 
restructuring.  
• She has been a Director of Emirates 
Islamic Bank since 2022 and holds 
several other positions which include 
Director of Dubai Future Foundation, 
Digital School, UAE Gender Balance 
Council and Dubai Women 
Establishment.  
(viii)  Mr. Jassim 
Mohammed 
Abdulrahim Al Ali  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 23 
February 2022  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Independent non -
executive director  • Business Administration degree in 
Public Administration  from the  
American University of Sharjah, UAE.  
• Mr. Al Ali is Managing Director of  Al 
Ali Property Investments , where he is  
responsible for overall strategy  and 
corporate planning, including policy 
planning, budgeting, annual reports, 
resource allocation, and quality 
management . 
• He has extensive professional 
experience, particularly in directing and 
controlling company operations and 
providing strategic guidance  across the 
company’s divisions, including real 
estate, hospitality and maintenance.  
• He is also a Director of Emirates Islamic 
Bank and Jebel Ali Cement Factory.  
(ix)  H.E. Khalid Juma Al 
Majid  
DIN: Not applicable.  Initial date of 
appointment : 23 
February 2022  
Date of 
reappointment: 
24 February 2025  Independent non -
executive director  • Bachelor’s degree in business 
administration from The  University of 
Arizona, USA.  
• H.E. Al Majid is the Vice Chairman  of 
Juma Al Majid Group  of Companies, 
one of the most recognised family 
conglomerates in the UAE with local, 
regional, and global reach. His role is 
all-encompassing and has evolved over 
the years from a hands -on level to a more 
strategic and directional involvement.  
• He served as the Vice Chairman of  
Central Bank of the UAE from 2010  
until 2019  and was a  Director  of 
Emirates NBD from 2009  to 2017 . Roles 
throughout his career have been strategic 
and included the responsibility to lead 
 
43 Sr. 
No. Name  Appointment 
date Designation  Qualification  and experience  
boards with stability and good 
governance . 
• He is also a Director of Dubai Chamber 
of Commerce . 
 
23. The Acquirer’s directors and their immediate relatives (as defined under Regulation 2(1)(f) of the SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015) (a) do not hold any shares in the Target Company; 
(b) do not occupy any management or employment pos itions in the Target Company; and (c) are not 
public shareholders in the Target Company. Per information received by the Acquirer from ICD, there 
are no direct or indirect connections / relations amongst ICD and the Target Company and the Target 
Company’s directors. Per information received by the Acquirer from DH 7, to the knowledge of DH 7, 
there are no direct or indirect connections / relations amongst DH 7 and the Target Company and the 
Target Company’s directors.   
24. None of the directors of the Target Company are directors, or occupy any management or employment 
positions, in the Acquirer.   
25. The Acquirer and the Acquirer’s Controlling Shareholders  are not public shareholders of the Target 
Company.  
26. The net worth of the Acquirer as on 31 December  2022, 31 December 202 3, 31 December 202 4, 31 
December 2025, and 31 M arch 2026  is as provided below:  
As on  Net worth (in AED million)  Net worth (in INR million)  
31 December, 2022  93,305  2,408,417  
31 December, 2023  109,972  2,838,630  
31 December, 2024  126,214  3,257,874  
31 December, 2025  144,819  3,738,111  
31 March 2026  144,447  3,728,509  
Source: Certificate 19 May 2026 issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Branch).  
 
Notes:   
1. Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer are presented in United Arab Emirate s Dirham (AED), the numbers above have been 
converted to Indian Rupees (INR) for the purpose of convenience. The conversion has been done at the rate AED 1= ₹ 25.8123  as on 31 
March 2026  (Source: Bloomberg).  
2. Net worth represents the total equity of the Acquirer.  
 
27. The key financial information of the Acquirer based on the audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Acquirer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2024, 
and 31 December 2025 and the consolidated financial sta tements of the Acquirer for the 3 (three) 
months from 1 January 2026 to 31 March 2026, subjected to limited review by Ernst & Young Middle 
East (Dubai Branch) is as follows:  
(in millions)  
 
44 Profit & Loss  Statement  
Particulars  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2022  For the financial year 
ended 31 December 
2023  For the financial year 
ended 31 December 
2024  For the 
financial year 
ended 31 
December 2025  For the 3 (three) 
months from 1 
January 2026 to 31 
March 2026  
AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR 
Net interest 
income and 
net income 
from Islamic 
financing and 
investment 
products  23,222  599,413   30,080  776,434   32,396  836,215   35,502  916,38
8  9,488  244,907  
Net fee & 
commission 
income  4,081  105,340   4,873  125,783   6,793  175,343   8,032  207,32
4  2,399  61,924  
Other 
operating 
income(1) 5,204  134,327   8,075  208,434   4,945  127,642   5,785  149,32
4  2,466  63,653  
Total 
operating 
income  32,507  839,080   43,028  1,110,652   44,134  1,139,200   49,319  1,273,
037  14,353  370,484  
General and 
administrative 
expenses  (9,254)  (238,867 ) (11,696)  (301,901 ) (13,75
1) (354,945 ) (15,03
5) (388,0
88) (4,189)  (108,12
8) 
Net 
impairment 
(loss) / 
reversal  (5,184)  (133,811 ) (3,448)  (89,001 ) (106)  (2,736) (1,468
) (37,89
2) (826)  (21,321)  
Hyperinflation 
adjustment on 
net monetary 
position  (3,095)  (79,889 ) (4,229)  (109,160 ) (3,136
) (80,947 ) (2,978
) (76,86
9) (1,111)  (28,677)  
Profit for the 
year before 
taxation  14,974  386,513   23,655  610,590   27,141  700,572   29,838  770,18
7  8,227  212,358  
Taxation 
charge  (1,964)  (50,695 ) (2,134)  (55,083 ) (4,133
) (106,682 ) (5,831
) (150,5
12) (1,815)  (46,849)  
Non-
controlling 
interest  7  181  41  1,058   35  903  26  671  10  258  
Profit for the 
year 
attributable 
to equity 
holders of the 
group  13,003  335,637   21,480  554,448   22,973  592,986   23,981  619,00
5  6,402  165,250  
 
Source: Certificates dated 27 October 2025 and 19 May 2026 issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Branch).  
Notes:   
Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer are presented in United Arab Emirate Dirham  (AED), the financial information has been converted to Indian 
National Rupees (INR) for the purpose of convenience. The conversion has been done at the rate AED 1= ₹ 25.8123 as on  31 March 2026  (Source: 
Bloomberg ) 
(1) Includes net gain on trading securities and other operating income.  
(in millions)  
 
45 Balance  Sheet  Statement  
Particulars  
As at 31 December 
2022  As at 31 December 
2023  As at 31 December 
2024  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2025  For the 3 (three) 
months from 1 
January 2026 to 31 
March 2026  
AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR 
Sources  of funds  
Due to banks  37,279  962,257   40,321  1,040,77
8  55,487  1,432,24
7  66,277  1,710,76
2  68,108  1,758,02
4  
Customer 
deposits  502,953  12,982,3
74  584,561  15,088,8
64  666,777  17,211,0
48  786,024  20,289,0
87  830,011  21,424,4
93  
Debt issued, 
sukuk payable 
and other 
borrowed 
funds  57,160  1,475,43
1  70,789  1,827,22
7  79,903  2,062,48
0  90,287  2,330,51
5  94,228  2,432,24
1  
Other 
liabilities(1) 51,265  1,323,26
8  57,130  1,474,65
7  68,201  1,760,42
5  77,035  1,988,45
1  79,957  2,063,87
4  
Total liabilities  648,657  16,743,3
29  752,801  19,431,5
25  870,368  22,466,2
00  1,019,62
3  26,318,8
15  1,072,30
4  27,678,6
33  
Total equity 
attributable to 
equity and 
note holders of 
the group  93,199  2,405,68
1  109,799  2,834,16
5  125,990  3,252,09
2  144,582  3,731,99
4  144,197  3,722,05
6  
Non-
controlling 
interest  106  2,736  173  4,466  224  5,782  237  6,118  250  6,453  
Total equity  93,305  2,408,41
7  109,972  2,838,63
0  126,214  3,257,87
4  144,819  3,738,11
1  144,447  3,728,50
9  
Total  741,962  19,151 ,7
46  862,773  22,270,1
56  996,582  25,724,0
74  1,164,44
2  30,056,9
26  1,216,75
1  31,407, 1
42  
Uses of  funds    
Cash & 
deposits with 
central banks  74,618  1,926,06
2  96,031  2,478,78
1  104,665  2,701,64
4  124,647  3,217,42
6  123,143  3,178,60
4  
Due from 
banks  73,467  1,896,35
2  92,302  2,382,52
7  132,766  3,426,99
6  136,147  3,514,26
7  150,746  3,891,10
1  
Investment 
securities  125,807  3,247,36
8  173,246  4,471,87
8  199,223  5,142,40
4  206,608  5,333,02
8  197,549  5,099,19
4  
Loans and 
receivables  416,604  10,753,5
07  445,105  11,489,1
84  501,627  12,948,1
47  632,847  16,335,2
37  677,835  17,496,4
80  
Other assets(2)  51,466  1,328,45
6  56,089  1,447,78
6  58,301  1,504,88
3  64,193  1,656,96
9  67,478  1,741,76
2  
Total  741,962  19,151 ,7
46  862,773  22,270,1
56  996,582  25,724,0
74  1,164,44
2  30,056,9
26  1,216,75
1  31,407,1
42  
 
Source: Certificates dated 27 October 2025 an d 19 May 2026 issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Branch).  
Notes:   
1. Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer are presented in United Arab Emirate Dirham  (AED), the financial information has been converted to 
Indian National Rupees (INR) for the purpose of convenience. The conversion has been done at the rate AED 1= ₹ 25.8123 as on 31 March 2026 
(Source: Bloomberg ).   
 
(1) Include negative fair value of derivatives, customer acceptances and other liabilities.  
 
46 (2) Include positive fair value of derivatives, customer acceptances, property & equipment, goodwill & intangibles and other asse ts. 
(in millions)  
 
Other  Financial Data  
Particulars  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2022  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2023  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2024  For the financial 
year ended 31 
December 2025  For the 3 (three) 
months from 1 
January 2026 to 31 
March 2026  
AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR 
Proposed 
dividend per 
share  0.60  15.49   1.20  30.97   1.00  25.81   1.00  25.81  N/A   N/A  
Earnings  per 
share  1.98  51.11   3.32  85.70   3.56  91.89   3.71  95.76  0.99  25.55  
 
Source: Certificates dated 27 October  2025 an d 19 May 2026 issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Branch).  
Note:  Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer are presented in United Arab Emirate Dirham  (AED), the financial information has 
been converted to Indian National Rupees (INR) for the purpose of convenience. The conversion has been done at the rate AED 1 = ₹ 
25.8123 as on 31 March 2026 . (Source: Bloomberg ).  
Additionally, the dividends per share for the financial years ending December 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 have been duly disbur sed by 
the Acquirer.  
(in millions)  
Operational contingent liabilities and commitments as disclosed in the financial statements  
Particulars  
As at 31 December 
2022  As at 31 December 
2023  As at 31 December 
2024  As at 31 December 
2025  For the 3 (three) 
months from 1 
January 2026 to 31 
March 2026  
AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR AED  INR 
Letters of 
credit  18,981  489,94
3  16,180  417,64
3  17,118  441,85
5  18,789  484,98
7  19,453  502,12
7  
Guarantees  55,266  1,426,5
43  65,428  1,688,8
47  80,028  2,065,7
07  106,91
4  2,759,6
96  113,11
7  2,919,8
10  
Liability on 
risk 
participations  188  4,853  379  9,783  416  10,738   122  3,149  30  774  
Irrevocable 
loan 
commitments
*  59,824  1,544,1
95  66,018  1,704,0
76  95,414  2,462,8
55  59,559  1,537,3
55  64,150  1,655,8
59  
 
Source: Certificates dated 27 October 2025 and 19 May  2026  issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai Branch).  
1. Notes:  Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer are presented in United Arab Emirate Dirham  (AED), the financial information has been 
converted to Indian National Rupees (INR) for the purpose of convenience. The conversion has been done at the rate AED 1= ₹ 25.8123 as on 31 
March 2026 (Source: Bloomberg ).  
 
*Irrevocable loan commitments represent a contractual commitment to permit drawdowns on a facility within a defined period su bject to conditions 
precedent and termination clauses. Since commitments may expire without being drawn down, and as conditions pre cedent to draw down have to be 
fulfilled the total contract amounts do not necessarily represent exact future cash requirements.  
V. BACKGROUND  OF THE  TARGET  COMPANY  
1. RBL Bank Limited  is a public listed company limited by shares, incorporated under the Indian 
Companies Act, 1913, having corporate identiﬁcation number L65191PN1943PLC007308. The Target 
Company was incorporated as ‘The Ratnakar Bank Limited’ on 14 June 1943 and was granted  a 
certificate of commencement of business dated 5 July 1943 by the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies, 
 
47 Kolhapur State. The name of the Target Company was changed to its present name ‘RBL Bank Limited’ 
pursuant to: (a) a no -objection letter dated 8 August 2014 received from RBI; (b) a special resolution 
passed by the shareholders of the Target Company on 26 August 2014; and (c) a fresh certificate of 
incorporation dated 24 November 2014, granted by the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Pune. 
There has been no change in the name of the Target Company in the last 3 (three) years.  
2. The Target  Company has its registered ofﬁce at: 1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur - 416001. The contact 
details of the Target Company are: (i) Tel: 022 -43020600 ; (ii) Website: https://www.rbl.bank.in .  
3. The Equity Shares are listed on the BSE (Scrip Code: 540065) and the NSE  (Symbol: RBLBANK)  and 
permitted to trade on Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India  (Symbol: RBLBANK) . The ISIN of the 
Equity Shares of the  Target Company is INE976G01028. The entire paid -up equity share capital of the 
Target Company is listed on the Stock Exchanges and has not been suspended from trading by any of 
the Stock Exchanges. The Equity Shares of the Target Company have not been delisted from any stock 
exchange in India.   
4. The Target Company is a private sector bank engaged in providing a range of banking and financial 
services, including retail banking, wholesale banking, digital banking, and other services.  
5. The Equity Shares of the  Target Company are frequently traded in terms of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
6. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, the total authorised  share capital of the Target Company is 
₹18,000,000,000 ( eighteen  billion rupees) comprising of 1, 800,000,000 (one billion  eight hundred 
million ) equity shares of face value of ₹10 (ten rupees) each.  
7. As on the Identified Date, the total fully paid -up share capital of the Target Company is ₹6,187,002,800 
(Six billion one hundred eighty -seven million two thousand and eight hundred rupees) divided into 
618,700,280 (Six hundred eighteen million seven hundr ed thousand two hundred eighty) fully paid -up 
equity shares of face value of ₹10 (ten rupees) each.  
8. Target Company has made no preferential allotments during the last 3 (three) financial years and during 
the period from 1 April 202 6 to the date of this Letter of Offer (other than the preferential allotment 
pursuant to the Underlying Transaction) .  
9. As of the Identified Date , the foreign shareholding in the Target Company is 24.20 % (twenty  four point 
two zero  per cent. ) of the paid -up equity share capital of the Target Company.  
10. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, there are no: (a) partly paid -up Equity Shares; and/or (b) 
outstanding convertible securities (other than outstanding employee stock options); and/or (c) warrants 
issued by the Target Company.  
11. A total  of 44,503,282 ( Forty -four million five hundred three thousand two hundred eighty -two) Equity 
Shares of the Target Company, constituting 7.19% (Seven point one nine per cent) of the Target 
Company’s equity share capital and as held by its Public Shareholders, have been pledged as on the 
Identified Date (as per the beneficiary position dated 15 May 2026 received from Depositories) . 
12. The share  capital  structure  of the Target  Company  as on the date of this Letter  of Offer  is:  
 
Equity  Shares  of Target  Company  No. of Equity 
Shares/voting  rights  % of Equity  Shares/voting 
rights  
Fully  paid up Equity  Shares  618,700,280  100.00  
Partly  paid up Equity  Shares  - - 
Total  paid up Equity  Shares  618,700,280  100.00  
Total  voting  rights  in Target  Company  618,700,280  100.00  
 
48  
13. During the last 3 (three) financial years and during the period from 1 April 2026 until 20 May 2026 , 
there have been no penalties or strictures imposed on the Target Company by the Stock Exchange(s) 
and/or SEBI in relation to contraventions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. Since 31 August 2016 (i.e. 
the date of listing of the Target Company) no penal/punitive actions have been taken by the Stock 
Exchanges in relation to contraventions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations by the Target Company, 
except as set out below:  
 
(i) the Target Company paid a penalty for non -compliance with Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations for non -appointment of independent woman director for the quarters 
ended 30 June 2019, 30 September 2019 and 31 December 2019, amounting to an aggrega te of 
₹2,749,400 (two million seven hundred and forty -nine thousand four hundred rupees) to the 
Stock Exchanges. However, on 30 November 2019, the Target Company appointed an 
independent woman director on its board in compliance with Regulation 17(1) of th e SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations; and  
(ii) the Target Company paid a penalty amounting to ₹11,200 (eleven thousand and two hundred 
rupees) for delayed submission of half yearly net -worth certificate as on 31 March 2020 as a 
part of the continuing membership norms of NSE during the financial year en ded 31 March 
2021.  
14. Prior to 31 August 2016 i.e., the date of listing of the Target Company (“ TC Listing Date ”), SEBI, by 
its notice dated 6 November 2015 (“ SCN ”), required the Target Company and certain of its then -present 
and then -former directors to show cause as to why directions under Sections 11(4) and 11B of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 read with Regulation 107 of the Securities and  
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009 (“Erstwhile 
ICDR Regulatio ns”), should not be issued for alleged violations of Sections 56, 60 and 73 of the 
Companies Act, 1956, as well as certain provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Disclosure and Investor Protection) Guidelines, 2000 and the Erstwhile ICDR  Regulations, pertaining 
to certain preferential and rights issues undertaken by the Target Company subsequent to 13 December 
2000. Pursuant to the settlement applications submitted by the Target Company. SEBI issued a 
settlement order dated 30 May 2016 (“ Settlement Order ”), disposing of the proceedings initiated under 
the SCN  and t he Target Company remitted  the settlement charges of ₹47 ,60,000 ( Forty seven  lakh sixty 
thousand rupees ) to SEBI on 28 March 2016.  
15. As on 20 May 2026 , there are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending under the SEBI Act and 
the regulations made thereunder against the Target Company or its directors. The Target Company 
currently does not have any persons classified as a promoter under applicable  SEBI regulations.   
16. During the period from 1 April 2022 till 20 May 2026, no penalties have been levied by SEBI or Stock 
Exchanges against the directors on the board of the Target Company as on 20 May 2026  (“Relevant 
Directors ”) on account of non -compliance or delayed compliance with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
17. As on 20 May 2026: (a) no enforcement actions  have been taken by RBI against the Relevant Directors,  
or (b) no  penalties of INR 1 ,000,000 ( one million rupees) or more have been levied by RBI against the 
Relevant Directors.  
18. The details of  the penalties imposed by RBI against the Target Company  during the period  from 1 July 
2014 t o 28 February 2026  and the status of the same, are set out below:  
Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
1.  FY 2014 -
15 Sections 35, 35A, 46 and 
47A of Banking 
Regulation Act, 1949 
(“BR Act ”)  RBI had carried out a scrutiny of the loan and current accounts 
of M/s. Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited. As per RBI’s 
assessment, the Target Company had not complied with the 
extant guidelines requiring banks to exchange information 
 
49 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
 among lending banks on borrowers on a periodic basis.  
 
Accordingly, RBI had through its letter dated 25 July 2014 
(DBS.CO.CFMC.861/23.04.015/2014 -15) levied a penalty of 
INR 5,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five Lakhs) on the Target 
Company pursuant to Sections 35, 35A, 46 and 47A of BR Act.  
  
The penalty amount of INR 5,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five 
Lakhs) was duly paid by the Target Company.  
 
2.  FY 2016 -
17 Section 35(1A) of BR 
Act RBI vide its letter dated 19 July 2016 imposed a penalty of INR 
1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Crore) on the Target Company 
on account of violation of regulatory directions / instructions / 
guidelines on KYC norms, monitoring of transactions & filing 
of STRs and import of goods and se rvices.  
 
The penalty amount of INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One 
Crore) was remitted vide demand draft dated 25 July 2016.  
3.  FY 2016 -
17 Section 42(3) of Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934  RBI vide its letter dated 31 August 2016 imposed a penalty of 
INR 1,48,100/ - (Indian Rupees One Lakh Forty Eight Thousand 
One Hundred only) for default in maintenance of CRR on 8 
August 2016.  
 
The penalty amount of INR 1,48,100/ - (Indian Rupees One 
Lakh Forty Eight Thousand One Hundred only) was duly paid 
by the Target Company.  
4.  FY 2017 -
18 Master Direction issued 
by RBI relating to the 
Scheme of Penalties for 
bank branches and 
currency chests for 
deficiency in rendering 
customer service to the 
members of public 
(“Currency Chest 
Directions ”) On account of deficiency found in soiled notes at one of the 
Target Company’s facility in Hyderabad, RBI had debited a 
penalty of INR 3,000 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand) from the 
Target Company’s account on  9 August 2017 as per details 
mentioned in the Outsys Penalty module.  
5.  FY 2017 -
18 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of a penalty imposed in relation to the currency 
chest, RBI had debited an amount of INR 3,73,000 (Indian 
Rupees Three Lakhs Seventy Three Thousand) from the Target 
Company’s account  on 31 January 2018, as per details 
mentioned in the Outsys Penalty module.  
6.  FY 2017 -
18 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of recovery of forged pieces (pertaining to October 
2017, dated 17 November 2017) at the Belapur regional facility 
of the Target Company, RBI had debited a penalty of INR 1,000 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand) from the Target Company’s 
account  on 31 March 2018, as per details mentioned in the 
Outsys Penalty module.  
7.  FY 2018 -
19 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of detection of counterfeit notes, RBI had debited 
an amount of INR 3,000 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand) from 
the Target Company’s account on 8 August 2018, as per details 
mentioned in the Outsys Penalty module.  
8.  FY 2018 -
19 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of certain breach / violation of the Currency Chest 
Directions, RBI had debited an amount of INR 50 (Indian 
Rupees Fifty) from the Target Company’s account on 15 
 
50 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
November 2018, as per details mentioned in the Outsys Penalty 
module.  
9.  FY 2018 -
19 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of discrepancy detected in soiled note remittances, 
RBI had debited a penalty of INR 1,050 (Indian Rupees One 
Thousand Fifty) from the Target Company’s account on 31 
March 2019, as per details mentioned in the Outsys Penalty 
module.   
10.  FY 2019 -
20 -- On account of discrepancies observed during a visit by RBI 
officials to an Agra location of the Target Company on 10 July 
2019, RBI had debited the Target Company’s account for an 
amount of INR 20,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Thousand) on 18 
July 2019.  
11.  FY 2019 -
20 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 31 July 2019, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
INR 34,27,00,000 (Indian Rupees Thirty Four Crores Twenty 
Seven Lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur office. Upon verification, RBI 
identified aggregate dis crepancies of INR 950.  
 
Accordingly, an amount of INR 950 (Indian Rupees Nine 
Hundred and Fifty) was deducted by RBI on 29 August 2019 
and a penalty of INR 950 (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred and 
Fifty) was imposed on the Target Company on 20 September 
2019. The penalty amount of INR 950 (Indian Rupees Nine 
Hundred and Fifty) was duly paid by the Target Company.  
12.  FY 2019 -
20 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 4 September 2019, the Kolhapur currency chest of the 
Target Company remitted certain soiled currency notes 
amounting to INR 27,63,00,000  (Indian Rupees Twenty Seven 
Crores Sixty Three Lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur office. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of INR 900.  
 
Accordingly, an amount of INR 900 (Indian Rupees Nine 
Hundred) was deducted by RBI on 17 September 2019 and a 
penalty of INR 600 (Indian Rupees Six Hundred) was imposed 
on the Target Company on 30 October 2019. The penalty 
amount of INR 600 (Indian Rupees Six Hundred) was duly paid 
by the Target Company.  
13.  FY 2019 -
20 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of a shortage of 25 notes identified in the currency 
chest of the Target Company, RBI had debited a penalty of INR 
2,500 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Five Hundred) from the 
Target Company’s account on 10 February 2020, as per details 
mentioned in the Outsys Penalty module.  
14.  FY 2019 -
20 Currency Chest 
Directions  On account of a shortage of 16 notes identified in the currency 
chest of the Target Company, RBI had debited a penalty of INR 
1,150 (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred and Fifty) 
from the Target Company’s account on 10 February 2020, as 
per details mentioned in the Outsys Penalty module.  
15.  FY 2019 -
20 Master Circular – 
Facility for Exchange of 
Notes and Coins 
(Updated as on January 
14, 2019)  On account of non -acceptance of exchange of 5,000 coins of 
INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten) over the counter during an 
incognito visit conducted by RBI on 1 February 2020 at the 
Bangalore – B.K. Millers Road Branch, RBI, vide email dated 
25 February 2020, had levied a penalty of INR 10,000 (Indian 
Rupees Ten Thousand) on the Target Company.  
  
The penalty amount of INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten 
 
51 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
Thousand) was duly paid by the Target Company.  
16.  FY 2020 -
21 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 17 March 2020, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 150,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One 
Hundred and Fifty crores) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of INR 
61,500 (Indian Rupees S ixty One Thousand Five Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 7500 (Indian Rupees Seven 
Thousand Five Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. 
The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 7500 
(Indian Rupees Seven Thousand Five Hundred) on 19 January 
2021.  
17.  FY 2020 -
21 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 30 December 2020, the Kolhapur currency chest of the 
Target Company remitted certain soiled currency notes 
amounting to approximately INR 82,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees 
Eighty Two crores) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate  discrepancies of INR 
2,500 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Five Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 2500 (Indian Rupees Two 
Thousand Five Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. 
The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 2500 
(Indian Rupees Two Thousand Five Hundred) on 9 March 2021.  
18.  FY 2021 -
22 Directions issued by RBI 
in relation to: (a) 
opening of saving 
deposit account in the 
name of a co -operative 
bank , and (b) 
composition of board of 
directors  RBI vide its order dated 27 September 2021 imposed a penalty 
of INR 2,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two Crores) for non -
compliance with certain provisions of the directions issued by 
RBI in relation to: (a) opening of saving deposit account in the 
name of a co -operative bank, and (b) comp osition of board of 
direc tors. 
 
Accordingly, the aforesaid penalty was paid by the Target 
Company on 28 September 2021.  
19.  FY 2021 -
22 RBI circular (DCM 
(RMMT) 
No.S153/11.01.01/2021 -
22) dated August 10, 
2021 on monitoring of 
availability of cash in 
ATMs.   During the period from October 2021 to March 2022, RBI 
imposed an aggregate penalty of  INR 1,90,000 (Indian Rupees 
One Lakh Ninety Thousand) at the rate of INR 10,000 (Indian 
Rupees Ten Thousand) per instance, in respect of 19 instances 
of non -availabilit y of cash in automated teller machines 
(“ATM ”) operated by the Target Company. The primary cause 
for imposition of these penalties was the insufficient availability 
of cash with the respective cash feeder branches responsible for 
ATM replenishment.  
 
The respective penalty amounts were auto -debited directly by 
the RBI from the Target Company’s account, and intimation of 
the same was communicated to the Target Company by RBI via 
electronic mail. The branch -wise details of the 19 instances are 
set out in  the table below:  
 
Branch Name  Number 
of 
instances  Month of occurrence  
Aliganj  2 December 2021, February 
2022  
 
52 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
Civil Lines, 
Allahabad  3 October 2021, November 
2021, February 2022  
Dayal Building  1 March 2022  
Harogeri  2 January 2022, February 
2022  
Jajpur  1 December 2021  
Manimajra  1 December 2021  
Mudhol  1 December 2021  
Raghunathpur  1 November 2021  
Sapru Marg  1 December 2021  
Sirsama  2 January 2022, February 
2022  
Udaipur  1 December 2021  
Vapi  1 February 2022  
Zirakpur  2 December 2021, February 
2022  
 
20.  FY 2021 -
22 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 31 August 2021, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 100,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Hundred 
crores) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon verification, RBI 
identified aggregate dis crepancies of INR 3,800 (Indian Rupees 
Three Thousand Eight Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 3,800 (Indian Rupees Three 
Thousand Eight Hundred) was imposed on the Target 
Company. The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 3,800 (Indian Rupees Three Thousand Eight Hundred) 
on 15 March 2022.  
21.  FY 2022 -
23 Directions issued by RBI 
relating to the Internal 
Ombudsman Scheme 
2018, Fair Practices 
Code for Lenders, Credit 
Card Operations of 
banks, Managing Risks 
and Code of Conduct in 
Outsourcing of Financial 
Services by banks and 
recovery agents engaged 
by the B ank. RBI vide its letter dated 20 March 2023 read with its order dated 
6 March 2023, imposed a penalty of INR 2,27,25,000 (Indian 
Rupees Two Crore Twenty -Seven Lakh Twenty -Five Thousand 
only) on the TC for non -compliance with certain provisions of 
the directions issued by RBI relating to the Internal Ombudsman 
Scheme 2018, Fair  Practices Code for Lenders, Credit Card 
Operations of banks, Managing Risks and Code of Conduct in 
Outsourcing of Financial Services by Banks’ and recovery 
agents engaged by the Banks’.  
Accordingly, the aforesaid penalty was paid by the Target 
Company  on 27 March 2023.  
22.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 31 August 2021, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 107,50,00,000 (Indian Rupees Hundred and 
Seven crores and Fifty lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. 
Upon verification, RB I identified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 4,500 (Indian Rupees Four Thousand Five Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 4,500 (Indian Rupees Four 
Thousand Five Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. 
 
53 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 
4,500 (Indian Rupees Four Thousand Five Hundred) on 23 June 
2022.  
23.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 30 May 2022, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 20,40,00,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty crores 
and forty lakhs) to RBI’s Thiruvananthapuram issue  office. 
Upon verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 50 (Indian Rupees Fifty).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 50 (Indian Rupees Fifty)was 
imposed on the Target Company. The Target Company duly 
paid the penalty amount of INR 50 (Indian Rupees Fifty) on  22 
July 2022.  
24.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 18 March 2021, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 40,25,00,000 (Indian Rupees Forty crores 
and Twenty Five lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI identi fied aggregate discrepancies of INR 
2000 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 2000 (Indian Rupees Two 
Thousand) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 2000 (Indian 
Rupees Two Thousand) on 3 November 2022.  
25.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 28 September 2022, the Kolhapur currency chest of the 
Target Company remitted certain soiled currency notes 
amounting to approximately INR 48,02,00,000 (Indian Rupees 
Forty Eight crores and Two lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. 
Upon verification, RBI iden tified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 600 (Indian Rupees Six Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 600 (Indian Rupees Six 
Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 600 (Indian 
Rupees Six Hundred) on 28 December 2022.  
26.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 26 July 2022, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 93,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Ninety Three 
crores) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon verification, RBI 
identified aggregate discre pancies of INR 5700 (Indian Rupees 
Five Thousand Seven Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 5700 (Indian Rupees Five 
Thousand Seven Hundred)was imposed on the Target 
Company. The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 5700 (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Seven Hundred)on 
23 January 2023.  
27.  FY 2022 -
23 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 3 January 2023, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 85,20,00,000 (Indian Rupees Eighty Five 
crores and Twenty lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI ide ntified aggregate discrepancies of INR 500 
(Indian Rupees Five Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 500 (Indian Rupees Five 
Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
 
54 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 500 (Indian 
Rupees Five Hundred) on 7 February 2023.  
28.  FY 2023 -
24 Reserve Bank of India 
(Prior approval for 
acquisition of shares or 
voting rights in private 
sector banks) Directions, 
2015  RBI vide its communication dated 13 October 2023 read with 
its order dated 28 September 2023, imposed an aggregate 
penalty of INR 64,00,000 (Indian Rupees Sixty Four Lakhs 
only) on the TC for non -compliance with certain provisions of 
the Reserve Bank of India (Prior Approval for Acquisition  of 
Shares or Voting Rights in Private Sector Banks) Directions, 
2015 as follows:  
(a) a penalty of INR 32,00 ,000 (Indian Rupees Thirty Two 
Lakh only) for the TC’s failure to obtain annual declaration 
in Form B from one of its major shareholder for the 
financial years 2017 -18, 2018 -19 and 2019 -20, and  
(b) a penalty of INR 32,00,000 (Indian Rupees Thirty Two 
Lakh only) for the TC’s failure to furnish a certificate to the 
RBI regarding continuance of the ‘fit and proper’ status of 
one of its major shareholder by the end of September of 
each the financial year s ending  on 31 March 2018, 31 
March 2019 and 31 March 2020.  
Accordingly, the aforesaid penalty was paid by the Target 
Company  on 17 October 2023.  
29.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  RBI imposed a penalty of  INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten 
Thousand) each on: (a) the Bagalkot, Belgaum branch of the 
Target Company, and (b) Jayanagar 7th Bock, Bengaluru branch 
of the Target Company, for failing to exchange soiled and 
mutilated notes during incognito visits conducted by RBI 
officials.  
 
Accordingly, the Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 20,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Thousand) on 22 May 
2023.  
30.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 14 March 2023, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 61,25,00,000 (Indian Rupees Sixty One 
crores and Twenty Five Lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. 
Upon verification, RBI id entified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 200 (Indian Rupees Two Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 200 (Indian Rupees Two 
Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 200 (Indian 
Rupees Two Hundred) on 25 May 2023.  
31.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  RBI imposed a penalty of  INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten 
Thousand) on the Ankali , Belgaum branch of the Target 
Company for failing to exchange soiled and mutilated notes 
during incognito visits conducted by RBI officials.  
 
Accordingly, the Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten Thousand) on 30 May 2023.  
32.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  RBI imposed a penalty of INR 20,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty 
Thousand) on the Sector 35B Branch in Chandigarh of the 
Target Company for irregularities observed during an incognito 
 
55 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
visit conducted on 27 September 2023. The details are as 
follows:  
 
(a) The branch attached to the currency chest was not providing 
exchange facilities for mutilated notes to the general public 
in accordance with extant RBI instructions.  
 
(b) The branch attached to the currency chest was neither 
issuing nor accepting coins for transactions or exchange to 
the general public, in violation of extant RBI instructions.  
 
Accordingly, the Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 20,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Thousand)  on 17 
October 2023.  
33.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  RBI imposed a penalty of INR 30,000 (Indian Rupees Thirty 
Thousand) on the Hansalay House Branch in New Delhi of the 
Target Company for irregularities observed during quantitative 
inspection conducted on 18 September 2023. The details are as 
follows:  
 
(a) The branch was offering a note exchange facility. However, 
for the exchange of soiled high -denomination notes, the 
cashier advised the inspector to approach the branch where 
the account is maintained.  
 
(b) The branch did not maintain an adequate stock of coins 
across all denominations, either for routine transactions or 
for exchange to the general public, as required under the 
relevant RBI instructions.  
 
(c) The note sorting machine (NSM) was classifying soiled 
notes as fit for reissue, and such notes were being dispensed 
over the counter. This indicated a need for proper 
calibration of the NSM in accordance with the relevant RBI 
instructions.  
 
Accordingly, the Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 30,000 (Indian Rupees Thirty Thousand)  on 29 
September 2023.  
34.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 2 August 2023, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 270,70,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two 
Hundred and Seventy crores and Seventy lakhs) to RBI’s 
Belapur issue office. Upon verifica tion, RBI identified 
aggregate discrepancies of INR 16,000 (Indian Rupees Sixteen 
Thousand).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 4300 (Indian Rupees Four 
Thousand Three Hundred) was imposed on the Target 
Company. The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 4300 (Indian Rupees Four Thousand Three Hundred) on 
14 December 2023.  
35.  FY 2023 -
24 Currency Chest 
Directions  On: (a) 11 July 2023, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
 
56 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
approximately INR 359,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Three 
Hundred and Fifty Nine crores), and (b) 9 November 2023, the 
Kolhapur currency chest of the Target Company remitted 
certain soiled currency notes amounting to approximately INR 
75,65,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seventy Five crores and Sixty 
Five lakhs), each, to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of INR 400 
(Indian Rupees Four Hundred ).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 200 (Indian Rupees Two 
Hundred) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 200 (Indian 
Rupees Two Hundred)  on 15 December 2023.  
36.  FY 2024 -
25 Master Direction - Know 
Your Customer (KYC) 
Direction, 2016, issued 
by Reserve Bank of 
India  RBI, pursuant to its communication dated 22 November 2024 
read with its order dated 19 November 2024, imposed a 
monetary penalty of INR 61,40,000 on the TC for non -
compliance with the provisions of the Master Direction – Know 
Your Customer (KYC) Direction,  2016. The RBI observed that 
the Bank had failed to obtain the prescribed Officially Valid 
Document at the time of opening certain credit card accounts 
and had, in certain instances, issued multiple Customer 
Identification Codes to individual customers ins tead of 
assigning a Unique Customer Identification Code to each such 
customer.  
Accordingly, the aforesaid penalty was paid by the Target 
Company  on 26 November 2024.  
37.  FY 2024 -
25 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 16 January 2024, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR 268,78,00,000 (Indian Rupees Two 
Hundred and Sixty Eight crores and Seventy Eight lakhs) to 
RBI’s Belapur issue office. Up on verification, RBI identified 
aggregate discrepancies of INR 1,76,000 (Indian Rupees One 
Lakh and Seventy Six Thousand).   
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 8300 (Indian Rupees Eight 
Thousand Three Hundred) was imposed on the Target 
Company. The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 8300 (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand Three Hundred) 
on 9 May 2024.  
38.  FY 2024 -
25 Currency Chest 
Directions  On: (a) 17 April 2023, and (b) 6 December 2023, the Delhi 
currency chest of the Target Company remitted, in aggregate, 
certain soiled currency notes amounting to approximately INR 
113,92,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Hundred and Thirteen 
crores and Ninety Two lakhs), to RBI’s Delhi issue offi ce. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of INR 
8,220 (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand Two Hundred and 
Twenty).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 2300 (Indian Rupees Two 
Thousand Three Hundred) was imposed on the Target 
Company. The Target Company duly paid the penalty amount 
of INR 2300 (Indian Rupees Two Thousand Three Hundred) on 
26 July 2024.  
39.  FY 2024 -
25 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 13 March 2024, the Kolhapur currency chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency notes amounting to 
 
57 Sr. 
No. Relevant 
Financial 
Year  Relevant Provisions  Brief Details  
approximately INR 70,04,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seventy 
crores and Four lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. Upon 
verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of INR 600 
(Indian Rupees Six Hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 550 (Indian Rupees Five 
Hundred and Fifty) was imposed on the Target Company. The 
Target Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 550 
(Indian Rupees Five Hundred and Fifty) on 16 September 2024.  
40.  FY 202 4-
25 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 23 December 2024, the Kolhapur currency chest of the 
Target Company remitted certain soiled currency notes 
amounting to approximately INR 9, 66,00,000 (Indian Rupees 
Nine crores and Sixty -Six lakhs) to RBI’s Delhi issue office. 
Upon verification, RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 60 (Indian Rupees  Sixty ).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 150 (Indian Rupees Hundred  and 
Fifty ) was imposed on the Target Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty amount of INR 150 (Indian 
Rupees One Hundred  and Fifty ) on 2 May 2025.  
41.  FY 2025 -
26 Currency Chest 
Directions  On 5 February 2025, the Kolhapur currency chest of  the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled currency  notes amounting to 
approximately INR 89,39,00,000 (Indian Rupees Eighty -Nine  
crores and Thirty -Nine  lakhs)  to RBI’s  Belapur  issue office. 
Upon verification, RBI identified  aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 60 0 (Indian Rupees  Six Hundred ).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 600 (Indian Rupees  Six 
Hundred ) was imposed on the Target  Company. The Target 
Company duly paid the penalty  amount of INR 600 (Indian 
Rupees  Six Hundred ) on 19 April  2025.  
42.  FY 
2025 -26 The extant Note Refund  
Rules - 2009 (as  
amended in 2018)  issued 
by RBI and  RBI’s 
Master Direction  - 
Facility for Exchange  
of Notes and Coins  dated 
April 01, 2025.  RBI imposed a penalty of INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten  
Thousand) on the Gandhi Maidan branch in Patna of the  Target 
Company for failing to exchange mutilated notes  during 
incognito visits conducted by RBI officials in 26  December 
2025.  Accordingly, the Target Company duly paid the penalty  
amount of INR 10,000 (Indian Rupees Ten Thousand)  on 6 
January 2026.  
43.  FY 
2025 -26 Currency Chest  
Directions  On 7 October 2025, the Kolhapur currency  chest of the Target 
Company remitted certain soiled  currency notes amounting to 
approximately INR  74,77,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seventy Four 
crores and Seventy Seven  lakhs) to RBI’s Belapur issue office. 
Upon verification,  RBI identified aggregate discrepancies of 
INR 1,200  (Indian Rupees One Thousand Two  hundred).  
Accordingly, a penalty of INR 1,100 (Indian Rupees  One 
Thousand One hundred) was imposed  on the Target Company. 
The Target Company duly paid  the penalty amount of INR 
1,100 (Indian Rupees One Thousand One hundred)  on 11 
February 2026.  
 
 
58 19. The Target Company has received two show cause notices dated 30 September 2025, from the Office 
of the Assistant Commissioner of State Tax, Mumbai, under Section 74 of the Maharashtra Goods and 
Services Tax Act, 2017, proposing:  
 
(a) demand of INR 920,023,536/ -(nine hundred twenty million twenty three thousand five hundred 
thirty six rupees)  (including interest and penalty) for th e financial year 2019 -20 pertaining to 
reversal of GST input credit, taken under separate registration  obtained for the Digital Banking 
Business vertical, by the  Target Company. The Target Company has submit ted response to the 
said show cause notice within the prescribed timelines  and appeared for personal hearing before 
the relevant GST authorities. Pursuant thereto, the entire demand o f INR  920,023,536/ -(nine 
hundred twenty million twenty three thousand five hundred thirty six) (including interest and 
penalty) was withdrawn through order dated 24 March  2026 under Section 74 of the 
Maharashtra Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017; and  
 
(b) demand of INR 103,400,000 /- (one hundred three million four hundred thousand rupees) 
(including interest and penalty) , pertain ing to mismatch in input tax credit availed by the Target 
Company . Following receipt of the show cause notice, the Target Company submitted its reply 
and appeared for personal hearing before the relevant GST authorities. Pursuant thereto, a tax 
demand of INR 103 ,400,000 /- (one hundred three million four hundred thousand rupees) 
(including interest and penalty)  has been confirmed by the relevant GST authorities vide order 
dated 27 March 2026 . The Target Company is in the process of filing an appeal against the 
order.  
 
The Acquirer is aware of such notices being received by the Target Company . 
20. As on the date of this Letter  of Offer,  the composition  of the board  of directors  of the Target Company 
is as follows:  
 
Name  of Director  Director 
Identification 
Number  
(DIN)  Designation  Date  of 
appointment  Date of re -
appointment  
Mr. Chandan Sinha  06921244  Non-executive – 
part time chairman  21 May 2021  21 May 2026  
 Mr. R 
Subramaniakumar  07825083  Managing director 
& CEO  23 June 2022  23 June 2025  
Ms. Veena Vikas 
Mankar  00004168  Non-executive - 
non independent 
director  22 October 2019  7 August 2024  
Ms. Ranjana 
Agarwal  03340032  Non-executive - 
independent 
director  30 November 2019  30 November 2024  
 Mr. Sivakumar 
Gopalan  07537575  Non-executive - 
independent 
director  22 August 2022  - 
Mr. Gopal Jain  00032308  Non-executive - 
non independent 
director  22 August 2022  26 September 2025  
 Mr. Murali 
Ramakrishnan  01028298  Non-executive - 
independent 
director  11 April 2024  - 
 Mr. Soma Sankara 
Prasad  02966311  Non-executive - 
independent 
director  15 January 2025  - 
 
59 Name  of Director  Director 
Identification 
Number  
(DIN)  Designation  Date  of 
appointment  Date of re -
appointment  
Mr. Jaideep Iyer  06384037  Executive director  21 February 2026  - 
 
21. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, there are no directors nominated by the  Acquirer on the board of 
directors of the Target Company and currently none of the directors on the board of directors of the 
Acquirer have been appointed as directors on the board of directors of the Target Company. None of 
the directors of the Target Company are directors, or occupy management or employment positions, in 
the Acquirer.   
22. The shareholding of the directors of the Target Company as on the date of this Letter of Offer , (as per 
the beneficiary position dated 15 May 2026 received from Depositories) is provided below:   
Name  of Director  Shareholding in the Target Company  
Mr. Chandan Sinha  500 
 Mr. R Subramaniakumar  56,600  
Ms. Veena Vikas Mankar  500 
Ms. Ranjana Agarwal  17,118  
 Mr. Sivakumar Gopalan  500 
Mr. Gopal Jain  500 
 Mr. Murali Ramakrishnan  1000  
 Mr. Soma Sankara Prasad  500 
Mr. Jaideep Iyer  4,47,948  
 
23. Since the TC Listing Date, the Target Company  has not received any reports under Regulation 10(7) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations , in relation to the Target Company .  
24. During the last 3 (three) years, the Target Company has not undertaken any activities with respect to a 
scheme of amalgamation, restructuring, merger/demerger and spin off.  
25. The Target Company had submitted an application  to the Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“MSE ”) on 18 November 2025  for surrendering its stock  broker license with MSE (SEBI registration 
number: INZ000006338; and MSE member ID number: 20860).  By way of a letter dated 6 March 2026, 
MSE / SEBI approved the Target Company’s application for surrender of its trading membership in the 
currency derivatives segment  of MSE .  
26. The Target Company’s directors and key managerial persons  (as such term is  defined under  the 
Companies Act, 2013)  have not been categorised or declared as (a) a 'wilful defaulter' by any bank or 
financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued 
by the RBI, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regu lations; and (b) a 'fugitive 
economic offender' under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018 ) in 
terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   
27. The net worth of the Target Company as on 31 March, 2023, 31 March, 2024, 31 March, 2025 and 31 
March, 2026 is set out below:  
(₹ in INR lakhs)  
 
60 Particulars  As at and for the 
financial year 
ended 31 March 
2023  As at and for the 
financial year 
ended 31 March 
2024  As at and for the 
financial year 
ended 31 March 
2025  As at and for the 
financial year 
ended 31 March 
2026  
Net Worth / 
Shareholders’ 
Funds(1)  1,352,566  1,483,744  1,566,953  1,672,424  
Source: audited consolidated financials of the Target Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025, 
March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 as available on www.bseindia.com.  
Notes:  
(1) Sum of share capital and reserves & surplus.  
28. The financial information of the Target Company based on its annual audited consolidated financial 
statements as on and for the financial years ended on 31 March 2023, 31 March 2024, 31 March 2025 
and March 31, 2026, is as follows:  
(INR in lakhs ) 
Profit and loss  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2023  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2024  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2025  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2026  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  
Interest earned  967,661  1,239,380  1,404,111  1,433,675  
Other income  250,692  305,995  377,838  412,718  
Total income  1,218,353  1,545,375  1,781,949  1,846,393  
Interest expended  467,862  635,005  757,619  797,466  
Other operating 
expenditure  526,182  597,652  658,885  712,366  
Provisions (other than 
tax) and 
Contingencies  102,194  177,847  295,866  225,961  
Profit Before Tax  122,115  134,871  69,579  110,600  
Tax expense  30,161  8,882  (2,127)  22,695  
Profit after tax  91,954  125,989  71,706  87,905  
 
(INR in lakhs ) 
Balance sheet  As at 31 March 
2023  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 
2024  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 
2025  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 2026  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  
Capital  59,957  60,510  60,788  61,811  
Reserves and surplus  1,292,609  1,423,234  1,506,165  1,610,613  
Deposits  8,487,474  10,347,044  11,093,290  13,895,935  
Borrowings  1,333,174  1,418,525  1,373,498  1,679,644  
Other liabilities and 
provisions  407,357  596,079  643,470  826,689  
TOTAL  11,580,571  13,845,392  14,677,211  18,074,692  
Goodwill on 
consolidation  4,068  4,068  4,068  4,068  
 
61 Balance sheet  As at 31 March 
2023  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 
2024  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 
2025  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  As at 31 March 2026  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  
Cash and balances 
with Reserve Bank of 
India  623,806  1,207,082  1,096,476  1,401,159  
Balances with banks 
and money at call and 
short notice  228,913  235,260  160,162  905,426  
Investments (Net)  2,873,026  2,947,776  3,210,309  3,205,863  
Advances (Net)  7,018,643  8,398,691  9,261,827  11,423,194  
Fixed assets  59,849  55,790  60,381  58,160  
Other assets  772,266  996,725  883,988  1,076,822  
TOTAL  11,580,571  13,845,392  14,677,211  18,074,692  
 
Other financial data  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2023  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2024  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2025  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  For the financial 
year  
ended 31 March 
2026  
(Consolidated)  
(Audited)  
Dividend per share  1.50 1.50 1.00 1.00 
Earnings per share  15.34  20.94  11.81  14.34  
RoE(1) 6.69%  8.25%  4.53%  5.12% 
Source: Audited consolidated financials and annual reports of the Target Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 
2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 as available on www.bseindia.com.  
Note:  (1) ROE is on standalone basis and based on monthly average of total equity.  
29. The pre and post shareholding  pattern  of the Target  Company as on the Identified Date  (based on 
the last beneficiary position of the Target Company  as of 15 May 2026)  before and after the Open Offer, 
assuming full acceptance and no MPS Proportionate Reduction, i.e., 26% of Expanded Voting Share 
Capital, is as follows :  
Shareholders' 
category  Shareholding & 
voting rights prior 
to the agreement/ 
acquisition and 
Open Offer.  Shares /voting 
rights agreed to 
be acquired 
which triggered 
the Open Offer.  Shares/voting rights 
to be acquired in 
open offer 
(Assuming full 
acceptances)  Shareholding / 
voting rights after 
the acquisition and 
Open Offer.  
 (A) (B) (C) (A)+(B)+(C)  
 
  
  
  
 =(D)  
 No. % No. % No. % No. % 
(1) Promoter group          
a. Parties to 
agreement, if any  - - - - - - - - 
b. Promoters other 
than (a) above  - - - - - - - - 
Total 1(a+b)  - - - - - - - - 
(2) Acquirers          
 
62 Shareholders' 
category  Shareholding & 
voting rights prior 
to the agreement/ 
acquisition and 
Open Offer.  Shares /voting 
rights agreed to 
be acquired 
which triggered 
the Open Offer.  Shares/voting rights 
to be acquired in 
open offer 
(Assuming full 
acceptances)  Shareholding / 
voting rights after 
the acquisition and 
Open Offer.  
a. Acquirer(1)(2) - - 959,045,63
6 60.0
% 415,586,443  26.0%  1,374,632,07
9 86.0%  
b. PACs  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  
Total 
2(a+b)  - - 959,045,63
6 60.0
% 415,586,443  26.0%  1,374,632,07
9 86.0%  
( 3 )  Parties to 
agreement other 
than(1)(a)&(2)  - - - - - - - - 
(4) Public (other than 
parties to agreement, 
acquirers & PACs)          
a. 
FIs/MFs/FIIs/Bank
s, SFIs (Indicate 
names)  420,954,418(3)  65.8
%  - - 
(415,586,443
) (26.0%
) 223,777,314  14.0%  
b. 
Other
s 218,409,339 34.2
%  - - 
Total 
(4)(a+b)  639,363,757(4) 100.
0%   -   -  (415,586,443
) (26.0%
) 223,777,314  14.0%  
GRAND TOTAL  
(1+2+3+4)  639,363,757  100.
0%   -   -   -   -  1,598,409,39
3 100.0
%  
 
Note s: 
(1) This assumes that 959,045,636  (Nine hundred fifty nine million forty five thousand six hundred thirty six)  Equity Shares 
represents 60.00% (sixty per cent.) of the total paid -up share capital of the Target Company as on date of consummation 
of the Underlying Transaction (without applying the Proportionate Scale Down and Contractual Reduction Mechanism)  
(2) The minimum number of Equity Shares to be acquired by the Acquirer under the Investment Agreement will depend on 
the issued and outstanding equity share capital of the Target Company upon completion of the Underlying Transaction, 
depending on the change in  the equity share capital of the Target Company on account of any exercise of vested employee 
stock options during the offer period of the Open Offer as well as the number of Tendered Shares and the level of foreign 
shareholding in the Target Company immed iately prior to the completion of the Underlying Transaction.  
(3) Shareholding of AIFs, Foreign Company, FPIs, Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds, NBFCs registered with RBI, Non -
Nationalised Banks and SWFs basis the shareholding data as of the Identified Date . 
(4) Includes (i) the Equity Shares of the Target Company outstanding as on date of the Public Announcement i.e., 613,388,654 
Equity Shares; and (ii) 25,975,103 outstanding employee stock options already vested as on date of Public 
Announcement/expected to be v ested between the date of the Public Announcement and 18 October 2026, exercisable 
into equal number of Equity Shares.  
 
30. The Target Company is not shown as the promoter or promoter group of any entity listed on stock 
exchanges in India.  
  
 
63 31. The major contingent liabilities of the Target Company for the last 4 (four) financial years are listed 
below.  
#
  Particulars  For the 
financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2026 
(Standalone)  
(Audited)  For the 
financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2025 
(Standalone)  
(Audited)  For the 
financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2024  
(Standalone)  
(Audited)  For the 
financial 
year ended 
31 March 
2023 
(Standalone)  
(Audited)  
1.  Claims against the bank not acknowledged  
as debts  4,400  4,120   2,493  3,004   
2.  Liability for Partly Paid Investment  153 240  892  2,980   
3.  Liability on Account  of Outstanding 
Forward Exchange  contracts(1)  64,51,101  53,39,233   41,22,858   33,36,732   
4.  Liability on Account  of Outstanding  
derivative contracts  49,66,882  33,79,777   34,19,173   20,01,502   
5.  Guarantees given on behalf of constituents  17,06,682  14,61,764   11,88,951   11,34,574   
6.  Acceptances, Endorsements  and other 
Obligations  9,11,150  6,24,226   5,64,949   4,84,642   
7.  Other items for which the bank is 
contingently liable(2) 42,463  29,992   23,092   47,005   
 TOTAL (1 to 7)  1,40,82,8  
30 1,08,39,351   93,22,409   70,10,439   
(1) Includes spot and tom forex contracts  
(2) Includes outstanding  capital commitments, amount of unclaimed deposits transferred to DEAF as per RBI guidelines, and Forward 
Purchase Commitment.  
Source: Audited standalone financials and annual reports of the Target Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 
31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 as available on www.bseindia.com  
 
VI. OFFER  PRICE  AND  FINANCIAL  ARRANGEMENTS  
A. Justification  of Offer  Price  
1. The Equity  Shares  of the Target Company  are listed  on BSE (Scrip Code: 540065)  and NSE (Symbol: 
RBLBANK). The ISIN of the Equity Shares of the Target Company is INE976G01028.  
2. The market price (closing) of the shares of the Target Company on the Stock Exchanges on each of the 
relevant dates is provided below:  
Event  Closing Price (Rs.)  
 BSE  NSE  
Public Announcement1 299.50   299.50   
The day after Public 
Announcement2  326.85   326.65   
Detailed Public Statement3 324.75   325.10   
Draft Letter of Offer4 324.00   323.85   
28th November 2025  312.20  312.40  
One day prior to the date of the 
Letter of Offer5  328.45  328.75  
1 Given that the Public Announcement was issued on Saturday, 18 October 2025, the closing price provided is of the last 
preceding trading day, i.e. as of Friday, 17 October 2025.  
2 Given Public announcement was issued on Saturday, 18 October 2025, the closing price provided for the day after Public 
Announcement is of the next trading day, i.e. as of Monday, 20 October 2025.  
3 Provided as on 28 October 2025.  
 
64 4 Provided as on 4 November 2025.  
5 Provided as on 21 May 2026 . 
3. The trading  turnover  in the Equity  Shares  based  on the trading  volumes  during  the 12 (twelve ) calendar 
months  prior  to the calendar  month  in which  the PA is made,  i.e., 1 October 2024 to 30 September 2025 
on BSE and NSE is as under :  
Stock Exchange  Total  No. of Equity  Shares  of the 
Target Company traded during the 
Relevant Period (A)  Total  No. of Equity  Shares  of the 
Target Company during the 
Relevant Period (B)  Traded  turnover 
percentage  (A/B)  
NSE 2,704,681,391  608,100,998  445%  
BSE 115,429,211  608,100,998  19%  
 
Source : Certificate dated  18 October 2025  (UDIN: 25102062BMLDPA7445 ) issued by  Bansi S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(Drushti R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062 ) (“18 October 2025 Certificate ”) read with the addendum dated 27 October 2025 
(UDIN:  25102062BMLDQI7522 ) to the 18 October 2025 Certificate  issued by  Bansi S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants (Drushti 
R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062 ). 
4. Based on the above, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Equity Shares 
of the Target Company are frequently traded.  
5. The Offer  Price  of ₹280.00 (two hundred and eighty rupees)  per Equity  Share  is justiﬁed  in terms  of 
Regulation  8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, being the highest of the following parameters:  
A The highest negotiated price per share of the Target Company under the agreement 
attracting the obligation to make a PA of this Open Offer  Rs. 280 
B The volume weighted average price paid or payable by the Acquirer during the 52 
(fifty -two) weeks immediately preceding the date of the PA  Not applicable  
C The highest price paid or payable for any acquisition by the Acquirer during the 26 
(twenty -six) weeks immediately preceding the date of the PA  Not applicable  
D The volume weighted average market price of Equity Shares for a period of 60 (sixty) 
trading days immediately preceding the date of the PA as traded on NSE, being the 
stock exchange where the maximum volume of trading in the shares of the Target 
Company ar e recorded.  Rs. 270.97  
E Where the shares are not frequently traded, the price determined by the Acquirer and 
the Manager to the Open Offer taking into account valuation parameters including, 
book value, comparable trading multiples, and such other parameters as are 
customary for valuation of shares of such companies; and  NA(1) 
F the per equity share value computed under regulation 8(5) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, if applicable  NA(2) 
Source : Certificate dated  18 October 2025  (UDIN: 25102062BMLDPA7445) issued by Bansi S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(Drushti R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062).  
Notes:   
(1) Not applicable since the equity shares of the Target Company are not infrequently traded, i.e., they are frequently traded.  
(2) Not applicable since the acquisition is not an indirect acquisition.  
 
6. In view of the parameters considered and presented in the table in paragraph 5 above, the minimum 
offer price per Equity Share, under Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, is the highest of 
item numbers A to F above, i.e., is ₹ 280.00 (two hundred and eighty rupees) per Equity Share, and the 
same has been certiﬁed by Bansi S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants (Drushti R. Desai, Partner, 
Membership No. 102062)  in the 18 October 2025 Certificate (UDIN: 25102062BMLDPA7445 ). 
Accordingly,  the Offer Pri ce is justified in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
7. The Acquirer is not seeking any exclusion or adjustment for determination of the Offer Price under 
Regulation 8(17) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations on account of any material price movements as per 
 
65 the framework specified under Regulation 30(11) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.   
8. As on the date of this Letter  of Offer there have been no corporate actions such as issuances pursuant 
to rights issue, bonus issue, stock consolidations, stock splits, payment of dividend, de -mergers and 
reduction of capital by the Target Company warranting adjustment of the relevant pri ce parameters 
under Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
9. As on date of this Letter  of Offer,  there  is no revision  in Offer  Price  or Offer  Size.  In case of any  revision  
in the Offer  Price  or Offer  Size,  the Acquirer  shall  comply  with Regulations 18(4) and 18(5) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In addition 
to the Offer Price, the Acquirer is required to pay Applicable Interest in terms of Regulation 18(11) and 
Regulation 18(1 1A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations .  
10. SEBI vide its letter dated 22 April 2026 approved the extension for commencement of the Tendering 
Period for the Open Offer (due to delay in receipt of the Required Statutory Approvals) and directed 
the Acquirer to pay interest at the rate of 10% (ten per cent.) per annum, in terms of Regulations 18(11) 
and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations for the period of delay in making payment of the 
consideration (Offer Price of ₹ 280.00 (two hundred and eighty rupees) per Equity Share) to the Public 
Shareholders.  The calculation of period of delay and interest is provided below:  
Particulars  Date  
Last date of completion of payment of consideration 
to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, if 
the Tendering Period of the Open  Offer had opened on 
20 April 2026, based on the schedule of activities 
determined on the basis of the SEBI Observation 
Letter.  29 May 2026  
Last date of completion of payment of consideration 
to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company 
assuming the tendering period for the Open Offer 
commences on the last date as prescribed under 
Regulation 18(8) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  29 June 2026  
 
Number of days of 
delay  Offer Price without 
interest on delayed 
payment  Applicable Interest for 
31 days of delay  Offer Price plus the 
Applicable Interest  
31 280 2.38 282.38  
 
11. In terms of Regulations 18(4) and 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Offer Price or the Offer 
Size may be revised at any time prior to the commencement of the last one (1) Working Day before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period. In the event of such revision: (a) the Acquirer shall make 
corresponding increases to the Escrow Amount and/or Bank Guarantees ( as defined below ); (b) make a 
public announcement in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement has been 
published; and (c) simu ltaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock 
Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered ofﬁce of such revision.  
12. In the event of acquisition of the Equity Shares by the Acquirer, during the Offer Period, whether by 
subscription or purchase, at a price higher than the Offer Price per Equity Share, the Offer Price will be 
revised upwards to be equal to or more than the  highest price paid for such acquisition in terms of 
Regulation 8(8) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision, the Acquirer shall: (a) 
make corresponding increases to the Escrow Amount and/or Bank Guarantees ( as defined below ); (b) 
make a public announcement in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement has been 
published; and (c) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock 
 
66 Exchanges, and the Target Company at its registered ofﬁce of such revision. However, the Acquirer 
shall not acquire any Equity Shares after the 3rd (third) Working Day prior to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period of this Open Offer and until the expiry of the Tendering Period of this Open Offer.  
13. If the Acquirer acquires Equity Shares during the period of twenty -six (26) weeks after the closure of 
the Tendering Period at a price higher than the Offer Price per Equity Share, then the Acquirer shall 
pay the difference between the highest acquisition price and the Offer Price, to all the Public 
Shareholders whose shares have been accepted in the Open Offer within sixty (60) days from the date 
of such acquisition. However, no such difference shall be paid in the event that such acquisition is made 
under  another offer under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, as amended from time to time or SEBI 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time to time or open market purchases 
made in the ordinary course on the Stock Exchanges, not being a neg otiated acquisition of the Equity 
Shares in any form.  
B. Financial  Arrangements  
1. The total consideration for the Offer Size at the Offer Price, assuming full acceptance of the Offer, is ₹ 
117,353,299,774.34 (One hundred seventeen billion, three hundred fifty -three million, two hundred 
ninety -nine thousand, seven hundred seventy -four rupees thirty -four paise) (i.e., Maximum 
Consideration ), being the aggregate of (a) ₹ 116,364,204,040 , being the maximum consideration 
payable under this Open Offer assuming full acceptance; and (b) ₹ 989,095,734.34  (Nine hundred 
eighty -nine million, ninety -five thousand, seven hundred thirty -four rupees and thirty -four paise)  in 
interest at the Applicable Interest of ₹ 2.38 (two rupees and thirty -eight paise) per Equity Share 
assuming full acceptance.   
2. In accordance with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has furnished an 
unconditional, irrevocable, and on demand bank guarantee dated 23 October 2025  from JP Morgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., (having its registered office at 1111 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 4320, United 
States,  and acting through its branch at New Delhi presently located at 4th floor, unit no. 407, Worldmark 
2, Asset Area No. 8, Hospitality District, Delhi Aerocity, New Delhi – 110037, India) having bank 
guarantee number AI NMUS008902  of an amount of ₹12,386,450,000.00  (twelve billion three hundred 
eighty -six million four hundred fifty thousand rupees) (“ Bank Guarantee ”) in favor of the Manager to 
the Open Offer. The Bank Guarantee is valid up to 22 October 2026 . The Manager to the Open Offer 
has been duly authorised to realise the value of the aforesaid Bank Guarantee in terms of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. The Acquirer has undertaken to extend the validity of the Bank Guarantees or 
make other arrangements for such period as  may be required, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, such that the Bank Guarantee shall be valid for at least 30 (thirty) days after completion 
of payment of consideration to shareholders who have validly tendered their shares in acceptance of  the 
Open Offer. The bank issuing the Bank Guarantee is neither an associate company nor a group company 
of the Acquirer or the Target Company.   
3. Further, in accordance with Regulation 17(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has opened 
the Escrow Account with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. , acting through its branch in India (having its 
registered office at J.P. Morgan Towers, off CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz East, Mumbai - 400098), a 
national banking association duly organized and existing in accordance with the laws of the United 
States of  America and a ‘scheduled bank’ in India within the meaning of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934,  (the “Escrow Agent ”) pursuant to an Escrow Agreement  and has made a cash deposit in such 
Escrow Account of ₹1,163,650,000.00 (one billion one hundred sixty -three million six hundred fifty 
thousand rupees) (“ Escrow Amount ”). In terms of the Escrow Agreement, the Manager has been 
authorized to operate the Escrow Account in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The cash 
deposit has been confirmed by the Escrow Agent by way of a confirmation letter dated 20 October 
2025. Additionally, pursuant to the Applicab le Interest required to be paid by the Acquirer, the Acquirer 
has made an additional deposit of ₹ 108,810,000 (One hundred eight million, eight hundred ten thousand 
rupees) in the Escrow Account. This additional deposit has been confirmed by the Escrow Age nt vide 
a confirmation letter dated 20 May 2026, issued by the Escrow Agent.  
4. The Acquirer has sufficient, adequate and firm financial resources to fulfil its obligations under the 
Open Offer and has made firm financial arrangements for implementation of the Open Offer, in terms 
 
67 of Regulation 25(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The Acquirer has  confirmed that as on 30 
September 2025, the Acquirer has  unencumbered balances of AED 6,200,000,000 (United Arab 
Emirates Dirham Six Billion Two Hundred Million), or more, which is equal to ₹ 160,036,260,000  (One 
hundred sixty billion, thirty -six million, two hundred and sixty thousand rupees)  or more (the 
conversion has been done at the rate AED 1= ₹ 25.8123 as on 31 March 2026  (Source: Bloomberg)) 
with the Central Bank of United Arab Emirates, which is more than the Maximum Consideration. There 
are no restrictions on transferring the aforesaid unencumbered bala nce of AED 6,200,000,000 (United 
Arab Emirates Dirham Six Billion Two Hundred Million) from the Central Bank of UAE to India for 
fulfilling the Acquirer's obligations under the Open Offer. The Acquirer will maintain sufficient levels 
of unencumbered balanc es to the extent of the Maximum Consideration that would be utilized for the 
purpose of fulfilling the payment obligations under the Open Offer. This unencumbered balance of 
AED 6,200,000,000 (United Arab Emirates Dirham Six Billion Two Hundred Million)  is in excess of 
the Maximum Consideration payable under the Open Offer. The excess amount over and above the 
Maximum Consideration will be utilized for the payment of interest on account of delay in filing the 
Letter of Offer in terms of Regulations 18(11) a nd 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Such 
delay was on account of non -receipt of certain Required Statutory Approvals.  
5. Bansi  S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants (Drushti R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062) 
having office at Merchant Chamber, 3rd Floor, 41, New Marine Lines, Mumbai 400 020, India; 
Telephone:  +91 22 2201 492: Fax:+91 22 2205 01, by way of a certiﬁcate dated 18 October 2025 
(UDIN: 25036148BMKZK9004 ), has certified that the Acquirer has adequate financial resources for 
fulfilling its obligations under the Open Offer.  
6. Based on the above, the Manager to the Offer is satisfied that firm arrangements have been put in place 
by the Acquirer to fulfill the obligations in relation to this Offer through verifiable means in accordance 
with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
7. In case of any upward revision in the Offer Price or the Offer Size, corresponding increase to the Escrow 
Amount and Bank Guarantee amounts and cash deposit amounts as mentioned above in this Part shall 
be made by the Acquirer in terms of Regulation 17(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, prior to 
effecting such revision . 
  
 
68 VII. TERMS  AND  CONDITIONS  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER  
A. Operational  Terms  and Conditions  
1. The Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer to all the Public Shareholders, to acquire up to 
415,586,443  (four hundred and fifteen million five hundred and eighty -six thousand four hundred and 
forty -three) Equity Shares, representing 26.00%* (twenty -six per cent.) of the Expanded Voting Share 
Capital of the Target Company, subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Public 
Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the 
RSA Corrigendum, the April Co rrigendum and this Letter of Offer, and to be set out in this Letter of 
Offer.  
*The Open Offer size is subject to the MPS Proportionate Reduction, such that the resulting 
shareholding of the Acquirer on completion of the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction does not 
exceed 75.00% of the Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
2. The Offer is being made by the Acquirer to: (a) all the eligible Public Shareholders, whose names appear 
in the register of members of the Target Company as of the close of business on the Identified Date; (b) 
the beneficial owners of the Equity Shares who se names appear as beneficiaries on the records of the 
respective Depositories, as of the close of business on the Identified Date; and (c) those persons who 
acquire the Equity Shares any time prior to the Offer Closing Date but who are not the registered eligible 
Public Shareholders. This Letter of Offer shall be sent to all eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares whose names appear in the register of members of the Target Company and the records of the 
respective depositories on the Identified Date.  
3. The Identified Date for this Open Offer as per the schedule of key activities is 15 May 2026 In terms of 
the schedule of key activities, the Tendering Period for the Open Offer is scheduled to commence on 
01 June 2026  and close on 12 June 2026 (both days inclusive).  
4. The Open  Offer  is not conditional  and is not subject  to any minimum  level  of acceptance.  
5. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
6. The acceptance of this offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company. The Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares in dematerialized form or physical 
form, in the Offer at any time from the commencement of t he Tendering Period but prior to the closure 
of the Tendering Period. The Acquirer has up to 10 (ten) Working Days from the closure of the 
Tendering Period to pay the consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are accepted 
in the Open Off er. 
7. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in this Offer will be made by the Acquirer in consultation 
with the Manager to the Offer. All the Equity Shares validly tendered under this Offer will be acquired 
by the Acquirer in accordance with the terms and con ditions set forth in the LOF, subject to MPS 
Proportionate Reduction.  
8. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that they have 
good and valid title on the Offer Shares. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this 
Open Offer shall ensure that the Offer Shares are  clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. The 
Offer Shares will be acquired, subject to such Offer Shares being validly tendered  in this Offer,  together  
with all the economic,  voting  and beneficial  rights  attached  thereto, including all the rights t o dividends, 
bonuses and right offers declared thereof, and the tendering Public  Shareholders  shall  have  obtained  all 
necessary  consents  required  by them  to tender  the Offer Shares.  
9. The acquisition  of Equity  Shares  under  the Open  Offer  from  all Public  Shareholders  (resident  and non -
resident) is subject to all approvals required to be obtained by such Public Shareholders in relation  to 
the Open  Offer  and the transfer  of Equity  Shares  held by them  to the Acquirer.  Further, if the Public 
Shareholders who are not persons resident in India require or had required any approvals  in respect  of 
the transfer  of Equity  Shares  held by them,  they will be required  to submit such  previous  approvals  that 
 
69 they would  have  obtained  for holding  the Equity  Shares,  to tender  the Equity  Shares held by  them  
pursuant to this Offer,  along  with the other documents  required  to be tendered to accept this Open Offer. 
In the event such prior approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer  reserves  their right to reject such  Equity  
Shares  tendered  in this Offer.  If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, the 
non-resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission 
and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on repatriable basis or non -repatriable  basis.  
10. In terms  of Regulation  18(9)  of the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations,  the Public  Shareholders  who tender their 
Equity Shares in acceptance of this Offer shall not be entitled to withdraw such acceptance during the 
Tendering Period.  
11. The locked -in Equity Shares, if any, may be tendered in the Open Offer and transferred to the Acquirer  
subject  to the continuation  of the residual lock -in period in  the hands of  the Acquirer,  as may be 
permitted  under  applicable  law. The Manager  to the Open Offer shall ensure that there shall be no 
discrimination in the acceptance of locked -in and non locked -in Equity Shares.  
12. Public Shareholders classified as OCB, if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open 
Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the FEMA and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the RBI independe ntly to seek approval to tender the Equity 
Shares held by them in the Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the 
RBI, the non resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general 
permission a nd clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on repatriable basis or non repatriable basis.  
13. The instructions, authorisations and provisions contained in the Form of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgement constitute an integral part of the terms and conditions of this Open Offer.  The Public  
Shareholders  can write  to the Registrar  to the Offer/Manager  to the Offer  requesting  for this Letter of 
Offer along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement. Alternatively, this Letter  of Offer  
along  with the Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is  also expected  to be available at SEBI’s 
website, www.sebi.gov.in,  and the Public Shareholders can also apply by downloading such forms from 
the website.  
14. Public Shareholders to whom the Open Offer is being made are free to tender their shareholding in the 
Target Company in whole or in part while accepting the Offer. The acceptance must be unconditional 
and should be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Offer, which is conditional or 
incomplete applications, including non -submission of necessary enclosures, if any, is liable to be 
rejected without assigning any reason whatsoever. Further, in case the documents/forms submitted are 
incomplete and/or  if they have any defect or modifications, the acceptance is liable to be rejected.  
15. The marketable  lot for the Equity  Shares  of the Target  Company  for the purpose  of this Open Offer  shall 
be 1 (one).  
16. There has been no revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size as on the date of this Letter of Offer. In 
addition to the Offer Price, the Acquirer is required to pay Applicable Interest in terms of Regulation 
18(11) and Regulation 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, as explained in paragraph 10 of 
Section VI(A) (Offer Price and Financial Arrangements). The Acquirer  reserves  the right  to revise  the 
Offer  Price  upwards  at any time prior  to the commencement  of 1 (one ) Working  Day prior  to the 
commencement  of the Tendering  Period,  in accordance  with the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations.  In the event  
of such revision,  in terms  of Regulation  18(5)  of the SEBI  (SAST)  Regulations,  the Acquirer shall: (a) 
make a corresponding increase to the Escrow Amount and/or Bank Guarantees;  (b) make  a public  
announcement  in the same  Newspapers  in which  the Detailed  Public Statement was published; and (c) 
simultaneously notify Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office. In case 
of any revision of the Offer Price, the Acquirer would  pay such revised  price  for all the Equity  Shares  
validly  tendered  at any time during  the Open Offer and accepted under the Open Offer in accordance 
with the terms of this Letter of Offer.  The Acquirer confirms that there will not be any upward revision 
in the number of Offer Shares prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period.  
17. Any Equity  Shares  that are subject  matter  of litigation  or are held in abeyance  due to pending  court 
cases/attachment  orders/restriction  from  other  statutory  authorities  wherein  the Public  Shareholder may 
 
70 be precluded from transferring the Equity Shares during pendency of the said litigation, are liable to be 
rejected.  
18. The Acquirer is not a person resident in India under applicable Indian foreign exchange control 
regulations. In terms of Rule 6(a) read with Paragraph 1(b) of Schedule I of the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non -Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, if the Acquirer  does not have control over the Target 
Company at the time of acquiring the Equity Shares tendered by the Public Shareholders, the Acquirer 
will not be permitted to acquire the Equity Shares on the floor of the recognized stock exchanges in 
India, as per a pplicable foreign exchange control regulations in India (under Indian foreign exchange 
laws, a person resident outside India is permitted to purchase the equity shares of a listed Indian 
company on the stock exchange if such person has already acquired con trol of such Indian listed 
company in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations). Therefore, the Acquirer will acquire the 
Offer Shares through the “off -market” route in accordance with the “tender offer method” prescribed 
by SEBI, in accordance with par agraph 2 of Chapter 4 of the SEBI Master Circular. Accordingly,  
securities  transaction  tax will not be applicable  to the Equity  Shares  accepted  in this Offer and the Public 
Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been validly tendered and accepted may  be subject  to applicable  
capital  gains  tax. The Public  Shareholders  are advised  to consult  their respective tax advisors for 
assessing the tax liability, pursuant to this Offer, or in respect of other aspects  such as the treatment  that 
may be given  by their respective  assessing  officers  in their case, and the appropriate course of action 
that they should take.  
19. All the Equity Shares validly tendered under this Open Offer to the extent of the Offer Size will be 
acquired by the Acquirer in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Letter of Offer 
and subject to the conditions specified in the Inves tment Agreement.  
20. The Acquirer, the Manager to the Open Offer or the Registrar to the Open Offer shall not be responsible 
in any manner for any loss of documents during transit (including but not limited to Open Offer 
acceptance forms, copies of delivery instruction slips, etc.) and the Public Shareholders are advised to 
adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
B. Eligibility  for accepting  the Open  Offer  
1. This Letter of Offer (along  with the Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement)  shall be sent to all 
Public Shareholders holding the Equity Shares, whether in dematerialized form or physical form, whose 
names appear in the records of Depositories at the close of business hours on the Identified Date. The 
Identified Date for this Offer as per t he schedule of activities is 15 May 2026 . However, all Public 
Shareholders, registered or unregistered, who own Equity Shares and are able to tender such Equity 
Shares in this  Offer at any time before the closure of the Tendering Period are eligible to participate in 
this Offer. Accidental omission to dispatch this Letter of Offer to any person to whom the Offer is made 
or the non -receipt or delayed receipt of this Letter of Of fer by any such person will not invalidate the 
Open Offer in any way. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer, Public Shareholders, including 
those who have acquired Equity Shares after the Identified Date, if they so desire, may download this 
Lette r of Offer and the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement from the website of the Registrar 
to the Offer ( www.in.mpms.mufg.com ) or the Stock Exchanges ( www.bseindia.com  ; 
www.nseindia.com ) 
2. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s press release 
dated 3 December 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities  shall  not 
be processed  unless  the securities  are held in dematerialised  form  with a depository  with effect  from  
1 April  2019.  However,  in accordance  with the SEBI Master Circular, shareholders  holding  securities  in 
physical  form  are allowed  to tender  shares  in an open  offer.  Such tendering shall be as per the provisions 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form as well are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of the 
SEBI (S AST) Regulations.  
3. All Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, who own Equity  Shares  and are able to  tender such 
Equity  Shares in  this Offer  at any time before  the closure  of the Tendering  Period,  are eligible  to 
participate  in this Open Offer.  
 
71 4. The acceptance of this Offer by the Public Shareholders must be absolute and unqualified and is entirely 
at the discretion of the Public Shareholder(s). Any acceptance to this Offer which is conditional  or 
incomplete  in any respect  will be rejected  without  assigning  any reason  whatsoever.  
5. In the event any change or modification is made to the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement or 
if any condition is inserted therein by the eligible Public Shareholder, then the Manager and /or the 
Acquirer shall reject the acceptance of this Offer by suc h eligible Public Shareholder.  
6. All Public Shareholders, (including  resident  or non-resident  shareholders)  must  obtain  all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from 
the RBI) held by them, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required 
to accept this Offer. In the event such  approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer  reserves  the right  to 
reject  such Equity  Shares  tendered  in this Open  Offer. Further,  if the holders  of the Equity  Shares  who 
are not persons  resident  in India  had required  any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other 
regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such 
previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender the Offer 
Shares held by them, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the 
event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
7. By accepting this Offer, the Public Shareholder(s) confirm that they are not persons acting in concert 
with the Acquirer for the purpose of this Offer.  
8. For any assistance  please  contact  the Manager  to the Offer  or the Registrar  to the Offer.  
C. Statutory  and Other  Approvals  
1. The consummation of: (a) the Underlying Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent specified in the Investment Agreement (unless waived or deferred in accordance with the 
terms of the Investment Agreement) and receipt of all  the Required Statutory Approvals (which have 
already been received  as on the date  of this Letter of Offer) as set out in paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory 
and other Approvals ) of Section  VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ), and (b) the Open Offer is 
subject to the receipt of all the  Required Statutory Approvals (which have already been received as on 
the date of this Letter of  Offer) as set out in paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory and other Approvals ) of 
Section VII ( Terms an d Conditions of the Offer ). The approval from the Dubai Financial Market in 
respect of the proposed acquisition of the Target Company by the Acquirer is not required. The Required 
Statutory Approvals and non -statutory / other approvals required to comple te the Open Offer and 
Underlying Transaction from regulatory authorities in India and/or abroad have been received as of the 
date of this Letter of Offer, and the current status of such approvals is set out in the table below. There 
are no other statutory or governmental approvals required for the consummation of the Underlying 
Transaction and the Open Offer. However, if any other statutory or governmental approval(s) 
(excluding the Required Statutory Approvals, which have already been obtained as on the da te of this 
Letter of Offer) are required or become applicable at a later date before closure of the Tendering Period, 
the Open Offer shall be subject to such statutory approvals and the Acquirer shall make the necessary 
applications for such statutory appr ovals and the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer would 
also be subject to such other statutory or other governmental approval(s) and the Acquirer shall make 
the necessary applications for such other approvals.  
 
Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
1.  RBI consent for 
acquiring up to 
74.00% (seventy -
four per cent.) 
and not below RBI India  
  Prior written consent from 
RBI for the Acquirer to 
acquire up to 74% (seventy 
four per cent) and not below 
51% (fifty one per cent) of Approval from RBI 
received vide its 
letter dated 1 April 
2026.  
 
72 Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
51.00% (fifty -
one per cent.) of 
the total paid -up 
share capital of 
the Target 
Company  the Target Company’s paid -
up share capital on the terms 
and conditions of the 
Investment Agreement.  
2.  RBI dispensation 
from 
dilution/glide -
path Dispensation under RBI’s 
Guidelines on Acquisition 
and Holding of Shares or 
Voting Rights in Banking 
Companies issued by the 
RBI dated January 16, 2023 
(para graphs  8 and 9), from 
dilution and glide -path 
requirements applicable to 
bank shareholding.  
 
For clarity, please note that 
the Acquisition Guidelines 
prescribes that promoters of 
a banking company must 
reduce their shareholding to 
not more than 26% (twenty -
six per cent.) of the paid -up 
equity share capital or voting 
rights within 15 (fifteen) 
years (" Dilution 
Requirement ").  
 
The Acquirer has sought an 
exemption from the Dilution 
Requirement as well as the 
requirement to submit a 
shareholding dilution plan as 
a promoter of the Target 
Company under the 
Acquisition Guidelines from 
the RBI.  Approval from RBI 
received vide its 
letter dated 1 April 
2026.  
3. RBI approval for 
alteration to the 
memorandum of 
association of the 
Target Company  The written approval of RBI 
for alteration of the 
memorandum of association 
of the Target Company to 
reflect increase in the current 
authorized share capital of 
the Target Company 
pursuant to the Investment 
Agreement.  Approval from RBI 
received on 9 April 
2026.  
 
4. RBI approval for 
Acquirer 
nominated Prior approval of RBI for 
appointment of Acquirer 
nominated director(s) to the The approval of the 
RBI is required only 
for appointment of a 
 
73 Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
directors (if 
required)  Target Company’s board, if 
required under applicable 
law. whole -time director, 
which is not 
contemplated at the 
time of closing of the 
Underlying 
Transaction.  
5. RBI Dual 
Presence 
Approval  The written consent of the 
RBI, to be received by the 
Acquirer under the ‘Scheme 
for setting up of wholly 
owned subsidiaries by 
foreign banks in India’ 
issued by the RBI read with 
Paragraph F2.1.(g)(i) of the 
table in Schedule of the 
Foreign Exchange 
Manag ement (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 to 
hold shares of the Target 
Company and, concurrently 
for a temporary period, to 
operate in India as a branch 
of a foreign bank.  Approval from RBI 
has been received 
vide its letter dated 1 
April 2026.  
6. GOI Dual 
Presence 
Approval  Government of 
India  The specific written approval 
of GOI, to be received by the 
Acquirer, under Paragraph 
F2.1.(g)(i ) of the table in 
Schedule of the Foreign 
Exchange Management 
(Non -debt Instruments) 
Rules, 2019 read with the 
‘Scheme for setting up of 
wholly owned subsidiaries 
by foreign banks in India’ 
issued by the RBI to hold 
shares of the Company and, 
concurrently for a temporary 
period, to operate in India as 
a branch of a foreign bank.  The Acquirer has 
received a letter from 
Department of 
Financial Services, 
Ministry of Finance 
dated 2 March 2026 
stating that the said 
approval falls within 
the administrative / 
regulatory purview 
of RBI and such 
approval may be 
sought from the RBI. 
As approval has been 
received vide the 
RBI letter dated 1 
April 2026 ( as 
referred above), no 
further action is 
required.  
7. DPIIT Approval  DPIIT, GOI  The written approval of 
DPIIT, GOI, to be received 
by the Acquirer, to hold more 
than 49% (forty -nine per 
cent.) and up to 74% 
(seventy -four per cent .) of 
the Target Company’s share 
capital pursuant to the Approval from 
DPIIT, GOI  received 
on 14 May 2026.  
 
 
74 Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
consummation of the 
transaction contemplated 
under the Investment 
Agreement . 
  
8. Foreign 
Shareholding 
Restriction 
Approval  RBI/Governm
ent of India 
(“GOI ”) Prior approval to: (i ) adopt a 
temporary cap restricting 
aggregate foreign 
shareholding to 24% 
(twenty -four per cent .) until 
completion; and (ii) 
implement the 74% 
(seventy -four per cent .) 
foreign shareholding 
threshold post -completion . The RBI and GOI 
have not acceded  to 
the capping of 
foreign  shareholding 
to 24% ( twenty -four 
per cent) until 
completion as per the 
extant rules  and 
regulations.  
 
Under  the 
Investment 
Agreement, the 
Acquirer and the 
Target Company 
have agreed that in 
the event the 
aggregate foreign 
investment limits of 
the Target Company, 
as on the date of the 
Company CP 
Confirmation 
Certificate (as 
defined in the 
Investment 
Agreement),  is 
sufficient enough to 
enable the Acquirer 
to acquire a 
minimum of 51% 
(fifty -one per cent.) 
of the Share Capital  
(as defined in the 
Investment 
Agreement)  of the 
Target Company 
(factoring the 
subscription to the 
Subscription Shares)  
on the date of the 
Comp any CP 
Confirmation 
Certificate , non -
receipt of Foreign 
Shareholding  
Restriction 
 
75 Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
Approval shall not 
result in termination 
of the Investment 
Agreement and this 
Regulatory  
Condition Precedent 
(as defined in the 
Investment 
Agreement) shall 
automatically fall -
away.  
9. CCI Approval  Competition 
Commission of 
India  Approval/acknowledgement, 
to be received from the 
Acquirer from the 
Competition Commission of 
India, under the Competition 
Act, 2002, read with the 
Competition Commission of 
India (Combinations) 
Regulations, 2024.  Approval from CCI 
received on 20 
January 2026 . 
10. Stock Exchange 
approval  Stock 
Exchanges  
 In-principle approval from 
BSE Limited and the 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited for the 
issuance of the Subscription 
Shares as well as approval 
for listing and trading in 
respect of the Subscription 
Shares under Regulation 
28(1) of the SEBI  (LODR) 
Regulations.  In-principle approval 
from the Stock 
Exchanges received 
on 21 November 
2025.  
11. CBUAE 
Approval  Central Bank 
of the United 
Arab Emirates  UAE  Prior approval from CBUAE 
for the Acquirer to 
consummate the transaction 
contemplated under the 
Investment Agreement.  Approval from 
CBUAE received on 
24 March 2026.  
12. No-action relief 
and/or exemptive 
relief  U.S. Securities 
and Exchange 
Commission  United 
States of 
America  No-action relief and/or 
exemptive relief from the 
U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission in 
order to allow the Open 
Offer to be made to U.S. 
holders of Equity Shares 
without breaching the 
applicable law and 
regulations under the 
Securities Exchange Act of  
1934 (as amended).  Based on the advice 
received from the 
Acquirer’s U.S. 
counsel, no approval 
from the U.S. 
Securities and 
Exchange 
Commission is 
required.  
13. Change in SEBI  India  Prior approval from the SEBI Approval from SEBI 
 
76 Sl. 
No. Approval  Competent 
authority  Jurisdiction  Details  Remarks  
control approval - 
merchant banker  
 in relation to the proposed 
change in control of the 
Target Company in respect 
of the merchant banker 
license held by it.  received on  4 May 
2026  
 
 
14. Change in 
control approval - 
banker to an issue  SEBI  India  Prior approval from the SEBI 
in relation to the proposed 
change in control of the 
Target Company in respect 
of the banker to an issue 
license held by it.  Approval from SEBI 
received on 4 May 
2026 . 
 
 
15. Change in 
control 
approvals - 
depository 
participant  
  CDSL , NSDL  
and SEBI  India  Prior approval from NSDL , 
CDSL  and SEBI  in relation 
to the proposed change in 
control of the Target 
Company in respect of the 
depository participant 
license held by it . 
 Approval from 
CDSL and NSDL 
received on 20 April 
2026 and 21 April 
2026, respectively.  
 
Approval from SEBI 
received on 29 April 
2026  
 
16. RBI and Target 
Company’s 
shareholder 
approval for 
amendment of 
the Articles of 
Association  RBI India  Approval from the RBI is 
required for the amendment 
of the Target Company’s 
articles of association to 
reflect the revised board 
composition requirements, 
as advised by the RBI in its 
letter to the Acquirer dated 1 
April  2026.  
 
 
 Approval from RBI 
received on 6 May 
2026 . 
 
 
 
 
 
Approval of the shareholders 
of the Target Company is 
required for the amendment 
of its articles of association 
to give effect to the revised 
board composition 
requirements, as advised by 
the RBI in its letter dated 1 
April 2026.  Approval from the 
Target Company’s 
shareholders  
received on 4 May 
2026 . 
 
 
2. If the aggregate foreign investment limits of the Target Company as on the date of (and immediately 
prior to) the closure of the Open Offer are not sufficient enough to enable the Acquirer to acquire a 
minimum of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) of the issued and paid up equity share capital of the Target 
Company, factoring the following: (a) subscription to the Subscription Shares; and (b) the acquisition 
 
77 of the Tendered Shares, then the Acquirer shall be entitled to terminate the Investment Agreement and 
will apply to SEBI for withdrawal from the Open Offer. Further, in the event that the conditions 
precedent as speciﬁed in the Investment Agreement (as set  out at paragraph 11(ii) of Part III (A) 
(Background to the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer) which are outside the reasonable control of the 
Acquirer are not satisﬁed (or waived in accordance with the Investment Agreement) by the Cut -Off 
Date ( as defin ed in the Investment Agreement ), and the Investment Agreement terminates in accordance 
with the terms thereunder, then the Acquirer shall have the right to withdraw the Open Offer in terms 
of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of the Investment Agreement being 
rescinded and a withdrawal of the Open Offer, a public announcement will be made within 2 (two) 
Working Days of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement has 
been published and such public a nnouncement will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the 
Target Company at its registered ofﬁce.  
3. The disclosures made in the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of 
Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corri gendum, the April Corrigendum and this Letter of Offer 
are in compliance with Regulation 23(1)(c) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The proviso to Regulation 
23(1)(c) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations deals, inter alia , with a situation where the proposed 
acquisition through the preferential issue is not successful. In this regard, the issuance of equity shares 
by way of pr eferential issue on a private placement basis to the Acquirer has been duly approved by the 
shareholders of the Target Company during the extraordinary general meeting held on 12 November 
2025.   
4. As further disclosed in paragraph 1.2 of Section I ( Risk Factors ), footnote (6)  of paragraph 8  and 
paragraph 1 2(iii)(g)(3) of Section III(A) ( Background to the Open Offer ), and paragraph 2 of Part C 
(Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Open Offer ) of this Letter 
of Offer, the Acquirer has the right to terminate the Investment Agreement and apply to SEBI for 
withdrawal of the Open Offer if the aggregate foreign investment limits of the Target Company as on 
the date of ( and immediately prior to) the closure of the Open Offer are not sufficient enough to enable 
the Acquirer to acquire a minimum of 51.00% (fifty -one per cent.) of the issued and paid -up equity 
share capital of the Target Company, factoring: (i) subscription to the Subscription Shares; and (ii) the 
acquisition of the Tendered Shares. Such right will be exercised pursuant to Regulation 23(1)(d) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, wherein SEBI has the discretion to permit withdrawal on merits based on 
an application  made by the Acquirer.  
5. In case of delay / non-receipt of any other statutory approval , SEBI may, if satisfied , that such delay in 
receipt of the statutory or other approval (other than the Required Statutory Approvals, which have 
already been obtained as on the date of this Letter of Offer) was not attributable to any wilful default, 
failure or neglect on the part of the Acquirer to diligently pursue such approval, grant an extension of 
time to the Acquirer and for making payment of the consideration to the Public Shareholders who se 
Offer Shares have been accepted in the Open Offer, subject to such terms and conditions as may be 
specified by SEBI, including payment of interest in accordance with Regulation 18(11) and Regulation 
18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Due to the delay in the receipt of the Required Statutory 
Approvals, the Acquirer is required to pay interest at the rate of 10% (ten per cent) per annum for the 
delay of a period of 31 (thirty -one) days from 29 May 2026  (being the last date for payment of 
consideration  to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares would have been validly tendered and 
accepted in the Open Offer given SEBI’ s observations on the DLoF were received on 13 April 2026 ) 
until 29 June 2026  (being the last date by which the actual payment of consideration shall be made to 
Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are validly tendered and accepted in the Open Offer) to the 
Public Shareholders of the Target Company whose Equity Shares would be v alidly tendered and 
accepted under the Open Offer. Accor dingly, the Acquirer will pay the Applicable Interest.  
 
6. In accordance with Regulation 18 (11A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if any waiver is not granted 
by SEBI, then the Acquirer shall pay interest to all such Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares have 
been accepted in the Open Offer, at the rate of 10% ( ten per cent.) per annum, in the event the Acquirer 
is unable to make payment to the Public Shareholders who have accepted Equity Shares in the Open 
Offer within the statutory period as prescribed.  
 
78 7. All Public Shareholders (including resident or non -resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from 
the RBI) held by them, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required 
to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to 
reject such Equity Shares tendered in the Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are  not 
persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory 
body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous 
approvals, that they would have obtained for holdin g the Equity Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held 
by them, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such 
approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
8. The Acquirer shall complete all procedures relating to payment of consideration under this Open Offer 
within 10 (ten) Working Days from the date of closure of the Tendering Period of the Open Offer to 
those Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are accep ted in the Open Offer.  
VIII.  PROCEDURE  FOR  ACCEPTANCE  AND  SETTLEMENT  OF THE  OPEN  OFFER   
1. All Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form or 
physical form, are eligible to participate in this Offer at any time during the Tendering Period i.e., the 
period from Offer Opening Date to Offer Closing Date.  
2. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Letter of Offer will 
constitute a binding agreement between the Acquirer and the tendering holder, including the tendering 
holder’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the L etter of Offer.  
3. This Letter of Offer specifying the detailed terms and conditions of the Open Offer will be mailed to all 
the Public Shareholders whose names appear in the register of members of the Target Company as at 
the close of business hours on the Identified Date. Accidental omission to dispatch this Letter of Offer 
to any Public Shareholder to whom the Offer is made or non -receipt or delayed receipt of this Letter of 
Offer by such Public Shareholder, shall not invalidate the Open Offer.  
4. The Open Offer is made to the Public Shareholders as defined in this Letter of Offer. While this Letter 
of Offer along with Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  will be sent (through electronic mode or 
physical mode) to all the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, whose names appear on the 
register of members of the Target Company and the records of the respective Depositories at the close 
of business hours  on the Identified Date, all Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares are eligible to 
partici pate in the Open Offer at any time during the Tendering Period.  
5. Public Shareholder s may participate in the Offer by tendering the Equity Shares in the Offer as per the 
procedure mentioned in this Letter of Offer or in the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
6. The Acquirer is not a person resident in India under applicable Indian foreign exchange control 
regulations. In terms of the FEMA, if the Acquirer does not have control over the Target Company at 
the time of acquiring the Equity Shares tendered by the Publ ic Shareholders, the Acquirer will not be 
permitted to acquire the Equity Shares on the floor of the recognized stock exchanges in India, as per 
applicable foreign exchange control regulations in India (under Indian foreign exchange laws, a person 
resident  outside India is permitted to purchase the equity shares of a listed Indian company on the stock 
exchange if such person has already acquired control of such Indian listed company in accordance with 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations). Therefore, the Acquirer wi ll acquire the Offer Shares through the ‘off -
market’ route in accordance with the “tender offer method” prescribed by SEBI, in accordance with 
paragraph 2 of Chapter 4 of the SEBI Master Circular. The detailed procedure for acceptance and 
settlement of the  Offer through the off -market tender offer method is set out at Section VIII ( Procedure 
for Acceptance and Settlement of the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer.  
7. The Acquirer intend s to complete  all formalities,  including  the payment of consideration within a  period 
of ten (10) Working  Days from  the closure of the  Tendering  Period and  for the purpose  open  a special  
account  as provided  under  Regulation  21(1)  of the SEBI  (SAST) Regulations, provided that where the 
Acquirer is unable to make the payment to the Public Shareholders  who have  accepted  the Offer  before  
 
79 the said period  of ten (10) Working  Days  due to non -receipt of such approvals, SEBI may, if satisfied 
that non -receipt of such approvals was not due to any  wilful default or  neglect of the Acquirer or failure 
of the Acquirer to diligently  pursue the applications for such approvals (where applicable), grant 
extension of time for the purpose, subject to the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest to the Public 
Shareholders for delay beyond such ten (10) Working Days period, as may be specified by S EBI from 
time to time.  
8. For the purpose of the Offer, the Registrar to the Offer, i.e., MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
(Formerly, Link Intime India Private Limited)  (“Registrar to the Open Offer ”) has opened a special 
escrow depository account in the name and style of “MIIPL RBL BANK LTD OPEN OFFER 
ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT” (“ Open Offer Escrow Demat Account ”) with Ventura Securities 
Limited  as the depository participant in NSDL . The depository participant identification number is 
IN303116  and the client identification number is 157 44215.  
9. The eligible Public Shareholders of the Target Company, who wish to avail of and accept the Offer, can 
deliver duly filled and signed Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement along with all the relevant 
documents (envelope should be super -scribed “ RBL Bank Limited – Open Offer ”) at the address 
mentioned below in accordance with the procedure as set out in this Letter of Offer on or before the 
closure of Tendering Period.  
No. City Contact 
person  Address  Tel. No. Fax No. E-mail  id Mode  of 
delivery  
(i) 
Mumbai  Pradnya 
Karanjekar  MUFG Intime 
India Private 
Limited 
(Formerly, Link 
Intime India 
Private Limited) 
C-101, Embassy 
247, Lal Bahadur 
Shastri Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai 400 083  +91 
8108114949  +91 22 
49186060  rblbank.offer@i
n.mpms.mufg.c
om 
Hand 
delivery/ 
courier/ 
speed 
post 
Note:  Business Hours: For hand delivery, the collection centre timings will be all Working Days from Monday to Friday, between 10:00 
A.M. to 5:00 P.M. (IST), except Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays . 
10. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer, an unregistered shareholder may download the same from 
the SEBI website or obtain a copy of the same from the Manager to the Offer or Registrar to the Offer. 
Share Certificate(s), Transfer Deed(s), Form of Ac ceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should not be sent 
to the Acquirer, the Target Company or the Manager to the Offer.  
11. Applicants who cannot hand deliver their documents at the collection centre referred to above, may 
send the same by speed post with acknowledgement due or by courier, at their own risk and cost, to the 
Registrar to the Offer at its address.  
12. Public Shareholders who have acquired the Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the records 
of the Depositories on the Identified Date or those who have not received this Letter of Offer,  may 
participate  in this Open Offer  by submitting  an application  on a plain  paper  giving  details  set out  below  
and in this Letter of Offer.  In the alternate,  such holders  of the Equity  Shares  may apply in the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement in relation to this Open Offer that will be annexed to this Letter of 
Offer, which may also be obtained from  the SEBI  website ( http://www.sebi.gov.in/)  or from the 
Registrar to the Open Offer. No indemnity is required from unregistered shareholders. The application 
is to be sent to the Registrar to the Open Offer at any of the collection centres that shall be mentioned 
in this Letter of  Offer,  so as to reach  the Registrar  to the Open Offer  during  business  hours  on or before 
5.00 p.m. on the date of closure of the tendering period of this Open Offer, together with:  
(i) the DP name, DP ID, account number together with a photocopy or counterfoil of the delivery 
instruction slip in “off -market” mode duly acknowledged by the DP for transferring the 
 
80 Equity Shares to the Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, as per the details given below:  
Name  of the Depository  Participant  Ventura Securities Limited  
DP ID IN303116  
Client  ID 15744215  
Account  Name  MIIPL RBL BANK LTD OPEN OFFER ESCROW 
DEMAT ACCOUNT  
Depository  National Securities Depository Limited  
PAN  AABCT3335M  
Mode  of Instruction  Off Market  
 
Note : Public Shareholders having their beneficiary account with Central Depository Services Limited must use the 
inter -depository delivery instruction slip for the purpose of crediting their equity shares in favour of the Open Offer 
Escrow Demat Account.  
(ii) Public  Shareholders  have  to ensure  that their Equity  Shares  are credited  in the above mentioned 
Open Offer Escrow Demat Account  before the closure of the Tendering Period of the Open 
Offer.  Dematerialized Equity Shares not credited to the above Open Offer Escrow Demat 
Account on or before the closure of Tendering Period is liable to be rejected.  
(iii) In case of non -receipt of the required documents, but receipt of the equity shares in the Open 
Offer Escrow Demat Account , the Open Offer may be deemed to have been accepted by the 
eligible Public Shareholder.  
(iv) Pursuant to SEBI circular dated 27 August 2020 bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP/CIR/P/2020/158, with effect from 1 November 2020, SEBI has 
made it mandatory for all shareholders holding shares in dematerialized form to authenticate 
their off -mark et transaction requests through the OTP  authentication method, pursuant to the 
submission of their delivery instruction slip with the DP. All Public Shareholders shall 
generate and submit the OTP (based on the link provided by the Depository to the Public 
Shareholder by way of e mail/SMS) to authenticate the off -market transaction(s). Public 
Shareholders are requested to authenticate their transaction as soon as they receive the 
intimation from the Depository to avoid failure of delivery instruction. Kindly  note that no 
transaction will be processed by the Depositories unless the same is authenticated by the 
Public Shareholder through the abovementioned OTP method.  
13. Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement of dematerialized Equity Shares not credited to the above 
Open Offer Escrow Demat Account on or before the closure of Tendering Period is liable to be rejected. 
Beneficial owners are therefore requested to tender the delivery instructions at least 2 (two) Working 
Days prior to the date of closing of the Tendering Period. For each delivery instruction, the beneficial 
owner should submit a separate Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
14. Documents to be delivered by all eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the 
dematerialised form:  
(i) Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement duly completed and signed in accordance with 
the instructions contained therein by all the beneficial holders of the Equity Shares, as per the 
records of the DP.  
(ii) Photocopy of the Delivery Instruction in “off -market” mode or counterfoil of the delivery 
instruction slip in “off -market” mode, duly acknowledged by the DP, in favour of the Open 
Offer  Escrow Demat Account.  
(iii) Please note the following:  
(a) For each delivery instruction, the beneficial owner should submit a separate Form of 
 
81 Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment.  
(b) The Registrar to the Offer is not bound to accept those acceptances, for which 
corresponding Equity Shares have not been credited to the above Open Offer  Escrow 
Demat Account or for Equity Shares that are credited in the above Open Offer  
Escrow Demat Account but the corresponding Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment has not been received as on the date of closure of the Offer.  
15. Non-resident eligible Public Shareholders should, in addition to the above, enclose copy(ies ) of any 
permission(s) received from the RBI or any other regulatory authority to acquire Equity Shares held by 
them in the Target Company. Erstwhile OCBs are requested to seek a specific approval of the RBI for 
tendering their Equity Shares in the Open Of fer and a copy of such approval must be provided along 
with other requisite documents in the event that any eligible Public Shareholder who is an erstwhile 
OCB tenders its Equity Shares in the Open Offer. In case the above approvals from the RBI are not 
submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered.  
16. Eligible Public Shareholders who have sent the Equity Shares held by them for dematerialization need 
to ensure that the process of dematerialization is completed in time for the credit in the Open Offer  
Escrow Demat Account, to be received on or before the closure of the Tendering Period or else their 
application will be rejected.  
17. Eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form are requested to issue the 
necessary standing instruction for the receipt of the credit, if any, in their DP account. Public 
Shareholders should ensure that their depository account is maintained until all formalities pertaining 
to the Open Offer are completed.  
18. The procedure for tendering to be followed by Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the 
physical form is as detailed below:  
(i) As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI's press 
release dated 3 December 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of 
securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in demateri alised form with a 
depository with effect from 1 April 2019. However, in accordance with the SEBI Master 
Circular, shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an 
open offer. Such tendering shall be as per the provisions  of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as well are eligible 
to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. Accordingly, the procedure for tendering to be followed by the Public 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form is as detailed below.  
(ii) Eligible Public Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to participate 
in the Open Offer will be required to submit to the registered office of the Registrar to the 
Open Offer, Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement duly completed an d signed in 
accordance with the instructions contained therein along with the complete set of documents 
for verification procedures to be carried out including: (i) original share certificate(s); (ii) 
valid share transfer form(s) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered 
shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target 
Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of 
the Target Company; (iii) self -attested copy of the shareholder’s PAN Card; and (iv) any 
other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board 
resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate 
or probated wi ll, if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as applicable . 
(iii) In addition, if the address of the eligible Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the 
address registered in the register of members of the Target Company, the relevant eligible 
Public Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of  address proof 
consisting of any one of the following documents:  
 
82 (a) valid Aadhar Card;  
(b) voter identity card; or  
(c) passport.  
(iv) Eligible Public Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity 
Shares will not be accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance 
of the physical Equity Shares for the Open Offer shall be subject to veri fication as per the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard.  
(v) Applicants may deliver their documents by speed post with due acknowledgement or by 
courier only, at their own risk and cost, to the Registrar to the Open Offer to the address 
specified in paragraph 8 of Section VIII ( Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the 
Open Offer ), on or before the last date of the Tendering Period.  
19. Equity Shares that are subject to any charge, lien or any other form of encumbrance are liable to be 
rejected in the Open Offer.  
20. Applications in respect of Equity Shares that are the subject matter of litigation wherein the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company may be prohibited from transferring such Equity Shares during 
the pendency of the said litigation are liable to be reje cted if the directions/orders regarding such Equity 
Shares are not received together with the Equity Shares tendered under the Open Offer.  
21. The eligible Public Shareholders should also provide all relevant documents which are necessary to 
ensure transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the application is being sent. Such 
documents may include, but are not limited to:  
(i) Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/probate/letter of administration (in 
case of single eligible Public Shareholder) if the original eligible Public Shareholder has 
expired;  
(ii) Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the eligible Public Shareholder has 
signed the acceptance form and/or transfer deed(s);  
(iii) No-objection certificate from any lender, if the Equity Shares in respect of which the 
acceptance is sent, were under any charge, lien or encumbrance;  
(iv) In case of companies, the necessary corporate authorisation (including certified copy of board 
and/or general meeting resolution(s)); and  
(v) Any other relevant documents.  
22. The application should be signed by all the shareholders as per the registration details available with 
the Target Company and should be sent to the Registrar to the Offer in an envelope clearly marked 
“RBL Bank Limited – Open Offer ”. 
23. In the event the number of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open Offer by the Eligible Public 
Shareholders are more than the Equity Shares to be acquired under the Open Offer, the acquisition of 
Equity Shares from each Eligible Public Shareholder will  be on a proportionate basis in such a way that 
the acquisition from any Eligible Public Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot, 
or the entire holding if it is less than the marketable lot. The minimum marketable lot for the Equity 
Shares is one (1) Equity Share.  
24. The unaccepted documents in relation to transfer of Equity Shares, if any, would be returned by speed 
post or by ordinary post or courier at the eligible Public Shareholders sole risk. Unaccepted Equity 
Shares held in dematerialised form will be credited b ack to the eligible Public Shareholders depository 
account with the respective depository participant as per details received from their depository 
 
83 participant. It will be the responsibility of the eligible Public Shareholders to ensure that the unaccepted 
Equity Shares are accepted by their respective depository participants when transferred by the Registrar 
to the Open Offer. Eligible Public Shareho lders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are 
requested to issue the necessary standing instruction for the receipt of the credit, if any, in their DP 
account. Eligible Public Shareholders should ensure that their depository account is maintained till all 
formalities pertaining to the Open Offer are completed.  
25. The Registrar to the Open Offer will hold in trust the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, 
Equity Shares, and/or other documents on behalf of the eligible Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company who have accepted the Open Offer, until the warrants/che ques/drafts or payment mode 
through electronic mode for the consideration are dispatched and unaccepted share certificate/Equity 
Shares, if any, are dispatched/returned/ credited to the relevant eligible Public Shareholders. Public 
Shareholders of the Targ et Company who have sent their Equity Shares for transfer should submit Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement duly completed and signed, a copy of the letter sent to the Target 
Company (for transfer of said shares) and acknowledgement received thereon and  a valid share transfer 
deed.  
26. Unaccepted shares, share certificates, transfer deeds and other documents, if any, will be returned by 
speed post at the shareholders’/unregistered owners’ sole risk to the sole/first shareholder. Unaccepted 
shares held in dematerialized form will be credi ted back to the beneficial owners’ depository account 
with the respective depository participant as per the details furnished by the beneficial owner in the 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
27. Any excess Equity Shares, in physical form, pursuant to proportionate acceptance/rejection will be 
returned to the Public Shareholders. Unaccepted share certificate(s), transfer deed(s) and other 
documents, if any, will be returned by speed post at the reg istered Public Shareholders’/unregistered 
owners’ sole risk to the sole/first Public Shareholder/unregistered owner.  
28. Payment to those Public Shareholders whose tendered Equity Shares are found valid and in order and 
are approved by the Acquirer, will be done by obtaining the bank account details from the beneficiary 
position download to be provided by the depositories an d the payment shall be processed with the said 
bank particulars, and not any details provided in the Form of Acceptance cum -Acknowledgment. The 
decision regarding (i) the acquisition (in part or full), of the Equity Shares tendered pursuant to the 
Open Off er, or (ii) rejection of the Equity Shares tendered pursuant to the Open Offer along with any 
corresponding payment for the acquired Equity Shares will be dispatched to the Public Shareholders by 
speed post or by ordinary post or courier as the case may be , at the Public Shareholder’s sole risk. Equity 
Shares held in dematerialized form to the extent not acquired will be credited back to the respective 
beneficiary account with their respective DP as per the details furnished by the beneficial owners in the 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment.  
29. For Public Shareholders, whose payment consideration is rejected/not credited through 
DC/NEFT/RTGS, due to technical errors or incomplete/incorrect bank account details, payment 
consideration in form of cheque/demand drafts/pay orders will be dispatched th rough speed post or by 
ordinary post or courier at the Public Shareholder’s sole risk. All cheques/demand drafts/pay orders will 
be drawn in the name of the first holder, in case of joint holder(s).  
30. The Registrar to the Offer will hold in trust the share certificate(s), Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement, transfer deed(s) and Equity Shares lying in credit of the Open Offer Escrow Demat 
Account on behalf of the shareholders of Target Company who ha ve accepted the Open Offer, until the 
cheques/ drafts or payment made through electronic mode for the consideration and/ or the unaccepted 
Equity Shares/ share certificates are dispatched/ returned/ credited.  
31. While tendering the Equity Shares under the Offer, NRIs/ OCBs/ foreign shareholders will be required 
to submit the previous approvals from RBI or other regulatory authorities (specific or general) that they 
would have been required to submit to acquire the  Equity Shares of the Target Company under the 
Offer. In case the previous RBI approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject 
such Equity Shares tendered. If the Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, the 
non-resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission 
 
84 and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on a repatriable basis or a non -repatriable basis. While 
tendering the shares under the Open Offer, NRIs/ OCBs/ foreign shareholders will also be required to 
submit a certificate for deduction of tax at lower or nil rate from the Indian income tax authorities 
(“TDC ”), indicating the amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirer under the Income Tax Act, before 
remitting the consideration. In case the aforesaid TDC is not submitted, the Acquirer will deduct tax a t 
the maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the category of the shareholder under the Income 
Tax Act, on the entire consideration amount payable to such shareholder.  
32. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer/Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, a copy may 
be obtained by writing (on plain paper, signed by the respective eligible Public Shareholder, stating 
name and address, client ID number, DP name /ID, benefic iary account number to the Registrar to the 
Offer / Manager to the Offer, clearly marking the envelope “RBL Bank Limited – Open Offer”). 
Alternatively, such eligible Public Shareholder may download the Form of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgement from the websi tes of SEBI, Stock Exchanges, Manager and Registrar to the Offer at 
www.sebi.gov.in , www.bseindia.com , www.nseindia.com , https://indiaipo.jpmorgan.com and 
www.in.mpms.mufg.com , respectively. No indemnity is required from unregistered shareholders.  
33. In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s), SEBI has the power to grant extension of time 
to the Acquirer for payment of consideration to the shareholders of the Target Company who have 
accepted the Open Offer within such period, subject to  the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest for the 
delayed period if directed by SEBI in terms of Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Please refer to paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and 
Conditions of the Open Offer ) of this Letter of Offer for further details on the status of the Required 
Statutory Approvals. The date of receipt of the last of the Requi red Statutory Approvals, i.e. the  DPIIT 
Approval , is 14 May 2026 . Further, SEBI, vide e mail dated 22 April 2026, granted extension for the 
Open Offer and directed the Acquirer to pay the Applicable Interest.   
34. In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Acquirer 
will have the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding off or any excess 
of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Sh ares. 
IX. COMPLIANCE  WITH  TAX  REQUIREMENTS  
THE SUMMARY OF THE INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS HEREUNDER ARE BASED 
ON THE CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX ACT, 2025 AS AMENDED BY 
FINANCE ACT, 202 6 AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER. THE LEGISLATIONS, 
THEIR JUDICIAL INTERPRETATION AND THE POLICIES OF THE REGULATORY 
AUTHORITIES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE (INCLUDING RETROSPECTIVE 
CHANGES/CLARIFICATIONS) FROM TIME TO TIME, AND THESE MAY HAVE A 
BEARING ON THE IMP LICATIONS LISTED BELOW. ACCORDINGLY, ANY CHANGE 
OR AMENDMENTS IN THE LAW OR RELEVANT REGULATIONS WOULD 
NECESSITATE A REVIEW OF THE BELOW.  
THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, ARE 
SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICATIONS BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, 
REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES 
(INCLUDING CHANGE IN TAX RATES) COULD HAVE DIFFERENT INCOME TA X 
IMPLICATIONS. THIS NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN 
A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF 
ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES  UNDER THE TAX LAWS PRESENTLY IN 
FORCE IN INDIA ON THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. THE F OLLOWING 
OVERVIEW IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE OR COMPREHENSIVE AND IS NOT INTENDED TO 
BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING 
ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT 
TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS M ENTIONED HEREIN.  
THE IMPLICATIONS ARE ALSO DEPENDENT ON THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS 
FULFILLING THE CONDITIONS PRESCRIBED UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THE 
 
85 RELEVANT SECTIONS UNDER THE RELEVANT TAX LAWS. IN VIEW OF THE 
PARTICULARISED NATURE OF INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES, PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE 
APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS INCLUDING THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN 
BY TH EIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE, AND THE APPROPRIATE 
COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE, PARTICULARLY IN VIEW OF THE 
FACT THAT CERTAIN RECENTLY ENACTED LEGISLATION MAY NOT HAVE A 
DIRECT LEGAL PRECEDENT OR MAY HAVE A DIFFERENT INTERPRETATION.  
THE INFORMATION ON TAXATION MENTIONED HEREIN IS ON THE BASIS THAT 
THE OPEN OFFER SHALL BE COMPLETED THROUGH OFF – MARKET MECHANISM.  
THE ACQUIRER DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR 
OTHERWISE OF ANY TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT 
RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE SUMMARY OF THE IMPLICATIONS RELATING TO 
THE TREATMENT OF INCOME TAX IN THE CASE OF TENDERING OF LISTED EQUITY 
SHARES IN OPEN OFFER, AS SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE 
AND FOR GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
35. General Provisions  
I.1.1 This Open Offer will be executed off – market and Securities Transaction Tax (“ STT ”) will not be 
applicable to the Equity Shares accepted in the Offer.  
I.1.2 The basis of charge of Indian income tax under the Income Tax Act depends upon the residential status 
of the taxpayer during a tax year. The Indian tax year runs from 1 April until 31 March.  
I.1.3 A person who is a tax resident under the IT Act is liable to income tax in India on such person’s 
worldwide income, subject to certain tax exemptions, which are provided under the IT Act.  
I.1.4 A person who is treated as a non -resident for Indian income tax purposes is generally subject to tax in 
India only on such person’s India -sourced income (i.e., income which accrues or arises or deemed to 
accrue or arise in India) and on income received or deemed to be received by such person in India. In 
case of shares of a company, the source of income from sale of shares depends on the “situs” of such 
shares. Based upon the judicial pronouncements, generally the “situs” of the shares is where a company 
is “incorporated” and where its shares can be transferred.  
I.1.5 Since the Target Company is incorporated in India, the Target Company’s Equity Shares are deemed to 
be “situated” in India and any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer of such Equity Shares should 
be taxable in India under the IT Act.  
I.1.6 Further, the non -resident shareholder can avail benefits of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements 
(“DTAA ”) between India and the respective country of which the said non -resident shareholder is tax 
resident subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) conditions present in 
the said DTAA (if any) read with the relevant provisions  of the Multilateral Convention to Implement 
Tax Treaty related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“ Multilateral Instrument/ 
MLI ”) as ratified by India with the respective country of which the said shareholder is tax resident; (b) 
meeting the anti -abuse tests under General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) and (c) providing and 
maintaining necessary information and documents as prescribed under the IT Act.  
I.1.7 The IT Act also provides for different income tax regimes/rates applicable to the gains arising from the 
tendering of Equity Shares under the Open Offer, based on the period of holding, residential status, 
classification of the Public Shareholder, nature o f the income earned and mode of acquisition, etc.  
I.1.8 As per the provisions of the IT Act, the Public Shareholders would be required to file an annual income -
tax return, as may be applicable to different category of persons, with the Indian income tax authorities, 
reporting their income for the relevant tax y ear. 
 
86 I.1.9 The summary of income tax implications on tendering of listed Equity Shares off the recognized stock 
exchange in India is set out below. All references to Equity Share herein refer to listed Equity Share 
unless stated otherwise.  
I.7. Classification of Shareholders :  
I.6.1 Public  Shareholders can be classified under the following categories:  
(i) Resident Shareholders being:  
(a) Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family (“ HUF ”), Association of Persons (“ AOP ”), and 
Body of Individuals (“ BOI”) 
(b) Others  
• Company  
• Other than company  
(ii) Non-Resident Shareholders being:  
(a) Non Resident Indians (“ NRIs ”)  
(b) Foreign Institution Investor (s) (“FIIs”)/ Foreign Portfolio Investor (s) (“FPIs ”)  
(c) Others  
• Company ; and  
• Other than company  
I.3 Classification of Income : 
I.3.1 Shares  can be classified  under  the following  two categories:  
(i) Shares held  as investment  (Income  from  transfer  of such shares  taxable  under  the head  “Capital 
Gains ”)  
(ii) Shares held  as stock -in-trade  (Income  from  transfer  of such shares  taxable  under  the head 
“Profits  and Gains  from  Business  or Profession ”) 
I.4 Taxability of Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders  
I.4.1 Gains arising from the transfer of shares may be treated either as “capital gains” or as “business income” 
for income -tax purposes, depending upon whether such shares were held as a capital asset or a trading 
asset (i.e. stock -in-trade). Public Shareholder s may also refer to Circular No. 6/2016 and letter F. No. 
225/12/2016/ITA. II, dated 2 May 20161 issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (“ CBDT ”) in this 
regard.  
I.4.2 As per the current provisions of the IT Act, where the shares are held as investments (i.e. capital assets), 
the income arising from the transfer of such shares is taxable under the head “Capital Gains”.  
I.4.3 In view of the definition of ‘capital asset’ provided in Section 2( 22) of the IT Act, shares held by all 
FIIs (and their sub – account) or FPIs registered under the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
 
1 Issued under the erstwhile Income Tax Act, 1961.  
 
87 Regulations, 2014 , or shares held by an “investment fund” specified in Section 224(10)(a) of the IT Act  
are to be treated as ‘capital asset’.  
I.4.4 Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders would be computed as per the provisions of Section 72 of 
the IT Act and the rate of income -tax would depend on the period of holding. No benefit of indexation 
by virtue of period of holding will be available . 
I.5. Period of holding:  
Depending on the period  for which the Equity Shares are held, the gains if treated as “Capital Gains”, 
would be taxable as “ short -term capital gain / STCG ” or “ long-term capital gain/ LTCG ”: 
(i) In respect of equity shares listed on a recognised stock exchange in India, which are held for a 
period less than or equal to 12 (Twelve) months prior to the date of transfer, the same should 
be treated as a “short -term capital asset”, and accordingly the gains arising therefrom should be 
taxable as STCG.   
(ii) Where  listed equity  shares  are held for a period  more  than 12 (Twelve)  months  prior  to the date 
of transfer, the same should be treated as a “long -term capital asset”, and accordingly the gains 
arising therefrom should be taxable as LTCG.  
I.6. Tendering of Equity  Shares  in the Open  Offer  under  Off-market  Transaction:  
Since  the Equity  Shares  will be tendered  by the Public  Shareholders  under  off-market  
transactions,  such transaction will not be  subject  to STT.  Accordingly, the provisions of 
Section 198  and Section  196 of the IT Act shall not apply.  
(i) LTCG arising  from  tendering  of Equity  Shares  in the Open  Offer  under  off-market  transactions 
will be subject to tax as follows:  
(a) LTCG will  be computed  considering  the actual cost  of acquisition – No benefit  of fair 
market value as on 31 January 2018 can be availed.  
(b) LTCG will be chargeable to tax at the rate of 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and 
health  and education  cess)  in the case of resident Public Shareholders and non-resident  
Public  Shareholders  (other  than an FPI / FII, or an NRI who is governed by Section 210 
or 214 , respectively  of the IT Act) in accordance with provisions of Section 197 of the 
IT Act.  
(c) In the case of FIIs / FPIs, LTCG will be taxable at 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge 
and health  and education  cess)  in accordance  with provisions  of Section  210 of the IT 
Act (without benefit of indexation and foreign exchange fluctuation).  
(d) For an NRI  who is governed by Sections 212 to 217  of the IT Act, LTCG will be taxable 
at 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess) under Section 214  
of the IT Act on  meeting  certain  conditions.  While  computing the LTCG, the benefit of 
indexation of cost may not be available.  
(e) Further, in  case of resident  Individual  or HUF,  the benefit  of maximum  amount  which 
is not chargeable  to income -tax is to be considered  while  computing  the income -tax on 
such LTCG.  
(f) Long term capital loss computed for a given year is allowed to be set -off only against 
LTCG computed for the said year, in terms of Section 108  of the IT Act. The balance 
loss, which is not set -off, is allowed to be carried forward for subsequent eight ta x 
years, for being set -off only against subsequent years’ LTCG, in terms of Section 111  
of the IT Act.  
 
88 (ii) Further, any gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 (twelve) 
months or less, which are accepted under the Open Offer, will be subject to short -term capital 
gains  tax and shall  be leviable  to tax at the rates  prescribed  in First Schedule  to the Finance  Act 
(i.e. normal tax rates applicable to different categories of persons) (plus applicable surcharge 
and health and education cess).  
(iii) In terms  of Section  72(3)(b) of the IT Act, no deduction  of amount  paid on account of STT will be 
allowed in computing the income chargeable to tax as capital gains.  
(iv) In terms  of Section  108 of the IT Act, short  term capital  loss computed  for a given  year is allowed 
to be set off against STCG as well as LTCG computed for the said year. The balance loss, which  
is not setoff,  is allowed  to be carried  forward  for subsequent  eight  tax years,  for being set-off 
against subsequent years’ STCG as well as LTCG, in terms of Section 111 of the IT Act.  
(v) Section 159(4) of the IT Act may enable  relief to a non -resident shareholder  where there is a  
DTAA  between  India  and the respective country of which the said shareholder is tax resident 
subject to  
(a) satisfying relevant conditions as prescribed under the relevant DTAA read with MLI 
as may be in effect;  
(b) non-applicability of  GAAR;  and  
(c) providing  and maintaining  necessary  information  and documents as prescribed 
under the IT Act.  
I.7. Investment Funds :  
I.7.1 Under Section 11 read with Schedule V [Table: Sl. No. 1] of the IT Act, any income of an Investment 
Fund, other than the income chargeable  under  the head “Profits  and gains  of business  or profession”  
would  be exempt  from  income - tax in the hands  of the investment fund . For this purpose,  an “Investment  
Fund”  means a fund registered as Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund and is regulated 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternate Investment Fund) Regulations, 2012 or 
regulated under the International Financial Services Centres  Authority (Fund Management) 
Regulations, 2022.  
I.8. Mutual Funds : 
I.8.1 Under  Section 11 read with Schedule VII [Table: Sl. No. 20  & 21 ] of the IT Act, any income  of mutual  
funds  registered  under  SEBI  or Regulations made  thereunder  or mutual  funds  set up by public  sector  
banks  or public  financial  institutions  or mutual funds  authorized  by the RBI and subject  to the 
conditions specified  therein,  is exempt  from  tax subject to  such conditions  as the Central  Government  
may by notification  in the Official  Gazette,  specify  in this behalf.  
I.9. Taxability of business  income  in hands  of shareholders  (where  shares  are held as Stock -in-Trade):  
I.9.1 If the shares are held as stock -in-trade by any of the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, then 
the gains will be characterized as business  income  and taxable under the head “Profits and Gains  from 
Business or Profession”.  
(i) Resident Shareholders:  
(a) Profits of:  
• Individuals, HUF,  AOP  and BOI will be taxable  at applicable  slab rates.  
• Domestic companies having turnover or gross receipts not exceeding ₹ 400 
crore in the tax year 2024 -25 will be taxable at the rate of 25% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
89 • Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 200 of the IT Act will be taxable at the rate of 22% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess), if the conditions of Section 200 and 
205 of the IT Act are met.  
• Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 201 will be taxable  at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and 
health and education cess) if conditions of Section 201  and 205 are met, else 
at the rate of 22% (plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
• For persons other than stated above, profits will be taxable at the rate of 30% 
(plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
(b) No benefit  of indexation  by virtue  of period  of holding  will be available  in any case.  
(c) In terms of Section 32(k) of the IT Act, STT paid by the shareholder in respect of the 
taxable securities transactions entered into in the course of his business would be 
eligible for deduction from the amount of income chargeable under the head “Profit 
and gains of business or profession”.  
(ii) Non- Resident  Shareholders:  
(a) As per Section 159(4) of the IT Act, n on-Resident Shareholders can apply the relevant 
provisions of the applicable DTAA read with the MLI, entered into by India with the 
relevant country of which the said shareholder  is tax resident,  subject  to fulfilling  
relevant  conditions  (including  the non- applicability  of GAAR)  and maintaining  & 
providing  necessary  documents  prescribed under the IT Act.   
(b) Where DTAA  provisions  are not applicable:  
• For non -resident individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI, profits (as determined in 
accordance  with the provisions  of the IT Act) will be taxable  at applicable  slab 
rates.  
• For foreign companies, profits (as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the IT Act) will be taxed in India at the rate of 35% (plus 
applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
• For other  non-resident  Shareholders,  profits  (as determined  in accordance  with 
the provisions of the IT Act) will be taxed in India at the rate of 30% (plus 
applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
• No benefit  of indexation  by virtue  of period  of holding  will be available  in any 
case.  
• In terms of Section 32(k) of the IT Act, STT paid by the non -resident 
shareholder in respect of the taxable securities transactions entered into in the 
course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of 
income  chargeable  under  the head  “Profit  and gains  of business  or profession”.  
I.10. Other matters : 
I.10.1  MAT implications as per Section 206 of the IT Act will get triggered in the hands of a resident corporate 
shareholder (other than resident company which has opted for concessional tax  regime  under  Section  
200 or Section  201 of the IT Act).  Foreign  companies  will not be subject to MAT if the country of 
residence of such foreign company has entered into a DTAA  with India  and such foreign  company  does 
not have  a permanent  establishment  in India in terms of the DTAA. In case where the said conditions 
are not satisfied, MAT could be applicable  to the foreign  company  and will need  to be analysed  
 
90 depending  on the facts  of each case. In case of non -corporate shareholders, applicability of the 
provisions of Alternative Minimum Tax as per Section 206 of the IT Act will also need to be analysed 
depending on facts of each case.  
I.10.2  Submission of  PAN  and other  details  
(i) All Public  Shareholders  are required  to submit  their PAN  along  with self-attested  copy of the 
PAN card for income -tax purposes.  
(ii) In absence  of PAN for non -resident Public Shareholders, as per Rule 217 of the Income Tax 
Rules, 2026 , they shall furnish self -attested copy of documents containing the following details:   
(a) Name, email  id, contact  number;  
(b) Address in  the country  of residence;  
(c) Tax Residency Certificate (“ TRC ”) from the government of the country of residence,  
if the  law of such country provides for issuance of such certificate; and 
(d) Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no such number is 
available, then a unique number on the basis of which such non -resident is identified 
by the government of the country of which he claims to be a resident.  
I.11. Tax Deduction at Source (“TDS”)  
I.11.1  On payment of consideration  
(i) In case of Resident Shareholder  
(a) There is  an obligation  on the buyer of goods to withhold tax under Section 393(1) 
[Table: Sl. No. 8(ii)] of the IT Act at the rate of 0.10% when buying goods from an 
Indian resident. The withholding obligation only exists where the  consideration  paid / 
payable  for goods  purchased  exceeds  ₹ 50,00,000  and the buyer had  a business  turnover  of 
more than ₹ 10,00,00,000  in the immediately  preceding  tax year [Section 402(6) (Table: 
SI. No. 1)] . The term “goods” has not been defined and may cover shares under certa in 
circumstances . Furthermore, Section 393(1) [Table: Sl. No. 8(ii)] of the IT Act may not 
apply to a non -resident buyers on meeting certain conditions.  
(b) The Acquirer will withhold applicable taxes under Section 393(1) [Table: Sl. No. 8(ii)]  
of the IT Act from payments to resident Public Shareholders in case it is determined by 
the Acquirer that such withholding tax obligations apply. (Refer CBDT Circular No. 
13 of 2021 dated June 30, 202 1). 
(c) The resident Public Shareholders undertake to file their tax return in India inter -alia 
considering gains arising pursuant to the Open Offer. The resident Public Shareholders 
undertake  to fully  indemnify  the Acquirer  if any tax demand  is raised on the Acquirer 
on account of income arising to the resident Public Shareholders pursuant to the Open 
Offer. The resident Public Shareholders also undertake to provide  the Acquirer,  on 
demand,  the relevant  details  in respect  of the taxability /  non- taxability  of the proceeds  
pursuant  to the  Open  Offer,  copy  of tax return  filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, 
etc.  
(ii) In case of Non -Resident Shareholders  
(a) In case of FIIs/FPIs:  
• Section 393(4) [Table: Sl. No. 16] of the IT Act provides for specific 
exemption from withholding  tax in case of capital  gains  arising  in hands  of FIIs 
/ FPIs. Thus, no withholding of tax is required in case of consideration payable 
to FIIs / FPIs. The Acquirer would not withhold any taxes from amounts 
 
91 payable to FIIs / FPIs, subject to the following conditions:  
o FIIs / FPIs furnishing the copy of the registration certificate issued  by 
SEBI  (including  for subaccount  of FII / FPI, if any);  
o FIIs / FPIs declaring that they have invested in the Equity Shares  in 
accordance  with the applicable  SEBI  regulations  and will be liable to pay 
tax on  their income as per the provisions of the IT Act.  
• If the  above  conditions  are not satisfied,  FIIs / FPIs may submit  a valid and 
effective certificate for deduction of tax at a nil/lower rate issued by the income 
tax authorities under the IT Act ( “TDC” ), along with the Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the amount  of tax to be deducted  by the 
Acquirer  before  remitting  the gross consideration. The Acquirer shall deduct 
tax in accordance with such TDC. In case a valid TDC is not submitted, the 
Acquirer will arrange to deduct tax at the maximum marginal rate as 
applicable, on the consideration payable towards acquisition of th e shares . 
(b) In case  of other  non-resident  Public Shareholders  (other  than FIIs / FPIs above) 
holding Equity Shares of the Target Company:  
• Section 393(2) [Table: Sl. No. 17] of the IT Act provides that any person 
responsible for paying to a non -resident, any sum chargeable to tax is required 
to deduct tax at source (including applicable surcharge and cess). Subject to 
regulations in this rega rd, wherever applicable and it is required to do so, tax 
at source (including applicable surcharge and cess) shall be deducted at 
appropriate rates as per the IT Act read with the provisions of the relevant 
DTAA and MLI, if applicable. In doing this, the A cquirer will be guided by 
generally followed practices and make use of data available in the records of 
the Registrar to the Offer except in cases where the non -resident Public 
Shareholders provide a specific mandate in this regard.  
• While tendering shares under the Open Offer, all non -resident Public 
shareholders including NRIs / foreign shareholders shall be required to submit 
a valid TDC issued by the income tax authorities under the IT Act along with 
the Form of Acceptance -cum-Ackn owledgement, indicating the amount of tax 
to be deducted by the Acquirer before remitting the consideration. The 
Acquirer will arrange to deduct taxes at source in accordance  with such TDC  
only if it has been  submitted  along  with the Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement and the same is valid and effective as of the date on which 
tax is required to be deducted at source.  
• In case TDC is not submitted requiring lower withholding of tax by non -
resident Public Shareholders including NRIs / foreign shareholders or is 
otherwise  not valid  and effective  as of the date on which  tax is required to  be 
deducted  at source,  the Acquirer  will arrange  to deduct  tax at the maximum  
marginal  rate as may be applicable  to the relevant  category to  which  the Public 
Shareholder  belongs  under  the IT Act (i.e. 35% in case of foreign company, 
30% in case of all other category of persons, plus applicable surcharge and 
health and education cess), on the gross consideration payable to such Public 
Shareholder under the Open Offer.  
• The non -resident Public Shareholders (including FIIs/ FPIs) undertake to 
indemnify the Acquirer if  any tax demand  is raised  on the Acquirer  on account 
of gains arising to the non -resident Public Shareholders pursuant to the Open 
Offer. The non -resident Public Shareholders also undertake to provide  the 
Acquirer,  on demand,  the relevant  details  in respect  of the taxability  / non -
taxability  of the  proceeds pursuant to the  Open Offer, copy of tax return filed 
 
92 in India, evidence of the tax paid, documents, etc.  
I.11.2  On payment  of interest  for delay  in payment  of consideration  
(i) Where any  interest  is paid by the Acquirer  to resident  and non-resident  Public Shareholder  for 
delay in receipt of statutory approvals as per Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations  or in accordance  with Regulation  18(11A)  of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
the final decision to deduct tax or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests  solely  with the 
Acquirer  depending  on the settlement  mechanism  for such interest payments. In the event, the 
Acquirer decides to withhold tax, the same shall be basis the  documents  submitted  along  with 
the Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, or  such additional  documents  as may be 
called  for by the Acquirer.  It is recommended that the shareholders consult their custodians / 
authorized dealers / tax advisors appropriately with respect to the taxability of such interest 
amount (including on the categorization of the interest, whether as capital gains or as other 
incom e). 
(ii) Tax shall  be deducted  at source  on gross  amount  of interest  for delay  in payment  of the 
consideration  at the applicable  tax rate in accordance  with the provisions  of the IT Act 
depending  on category  of the Public  Shareholder.  The shareholders  shall  be required  to submit  a 
valid  TDC  at a NIL / lower  rate issued  by the income  tax authorities  under  the IT Act along with 
the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the amount of tax to be deducted 
by the Acquirer before payment of such interest. In the event  the Acquirer  is held liable  for the 
tax liability  of the Public  Shareholder,  the same shall be to the account of the Public Shareholder 
and to that extent the Acquirer should be indemnified by the Public Shareholder.  
I.11.3  In respect of overseas jurisdictions   
(i) Apart from the above, the Acquirer at its sole discretion may withhold tax in accordance with 
the tax laws applicable in the overseas jurisdictions where the non -resident Public Shareholder 
is a resident for tax purposes (" Overseas Tax ").  
(ii) For this purpose, the non -resident Public Shareholder shall duly furnish a self -declaration 
stating the quantum of the Overseas Tax to be withheld as per the relevant tax laws of the 
country in which the non -resident Public Shareholder is a tax resident and the Acquirer will be 
entitled to rely on this representation at their sole dis cretion.  
(iii) The non -resident Public Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer if any tax demand 
is raised on the Acquirer on account of gains arising to the non -resident shareholders pursuant 
to this Open Offer. The non -resident Public Shareholders also underta ke to provide the 
Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/non -taxability of the 
proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, 
etc. 
I.11.4  Other withholding  related  provisions  
(i) If PAN is not furnished by a resident Public Shareholder or in case of a non -resident Public 
Shareholder not having a PAN, the relevant details are not furnished, the Acquirer  will arrange  
to deduct  tax at least at the rate of 20% as per Section  397(2)(b)(i)  of the IT Act (in case taxes 
were to be withheld under Section 393(1)[Table: Sl. No. 8(ii)] of the IT Act, 20% will be 
substituted with 5%) or at such rate as applicable and provided above for each category of the 
Public Shareholders, whichever is highe r. However, these provisions of withholding taxes at 
higher rates will not apply in case the non -resident shareholder provides the following details  
(Rule 217 of Income Tax Rules, 2026) : 
(a) Name, email  id, contact  number;  
(b) Address in the country  of residence;  
 
93 (c) TRC from the government of the country of residence, if the law of such country 
provides for issuance of such certificate; and  
(d) Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no such number is 
available, then a unique number on the basis of which such non -resident is identified 
by the government of the country of which he claims to be a resident.  
(ii) In addition to the tax deducted at source as per above para, applicable Surcharge and Health 
and Education Cess will be levied.  
I.11. Other points for consideration   
I.11.1  Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the information  / documents, as  
applicable,  all at once  along  with the Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  and those that may be 
additionally requested for by the Acquirer. The documents submitted by the shareholders  along  with the 
Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  will be considered  as final. Any further / delayed 
submission of additional documents, unless specifically requested by the Acquirer, may not be accepted.  
I.11.2  The Acquirer will not take  into consideration any other details and documents (including self - certified 
computation of tax liability or the computation of tax liability certified by any tax professionals 
including a chartered accountant, etc.) submitted by the Public Shareholder fo r deducting  a lower  
amount  of tax at source.  In case of ambiguity,  incomplete  or conflicting information, the Acquirer 
will arrange to deduct tax at the applicable rate under the IT Act on the gross amount.  
I.11.3  Based on the documents and information submitted by the shareholder, the final decision to deduct tax 
or not, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer.  
I.11.4  Taxes once  deducted  will not be refunded  by the Acquirer  under  any circumstances.  
I.11.5  The Acquirer shall deduct tax (if required) as per the information provided and representation made by 
the shareholders. In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from 
any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of  information provided / to be provided  by the 
shareholders,  such shareholders  will be responsible  to pay such income  tax demand (including interest, 
penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer with all information / documents that may be necessary and co -
operate in any proceedings before any income tax / appellate authority. The Shareholders undertake to 
indemnify the Acquir er if any tax demand is  raised  on the Acquirer  on account  of payment  made  to the 
Shareholders  pursuant  to the Open Offer.  
I.11.6  The tax deducted by the Acquirer while making the payment to a shareholder under the Open Offer may 
not be the final liability of such shareholders and shall in no way discharge the obligation of the 
shareholders to appropriately disclose the amount receiv ed by it, pursuant to the Open Offer, before the 
income tax authorities. The rate at which tax is required to be deducted  is based  on the tax laws 
prevailing  as on the date of this Letter  of offer.  If there  is any change  in the tax laws with  regards to 
withholding  tax rates  as on  the date of deduction of  tax, the tax will be deducted at the rates applicable 
at the time of deduction of tax.  
I.11.7  All shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may be given by  their 
respective  assessing  officers  in their case,  and the appropriate  course  of action  that they should take. The 
Acquirer and the Manager to the Open Offer do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or 
otherwise of such advice. The aforesaid treatment of tax deduction at source may not necessarily be the 
treatment also for filing the retu rn of income.  
I.11.8  The Acquirer and the Manager  to the Open  Offer  do not accept  any responsibility  for the accuracy or 
otherwise of the tax provisions set forth herein above.  
I.13. Rate  of Surcharge  and Cess 
I.12.1  In addition to the basic  tax rate, applicable  Surcharge,  Health  and Education  Cess  are currently  leviable 
 
94 as under:  
(i) Surcharge  
(a) In case of domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable (i) at the rate of 12% on the 
income -tax where  the total income  exceeds ₹ 10  crore  and (ii)  at the  rate of 7%  on the 
income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does not exceed ₹ 10 crore, 
for companies not opting for tax  regime under Section  200 and Section 201 of the IT 
Act. 
(b) In case of domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime either 
under Section 200 or Section 201  of the IT Act: Surcharge is leviable at the rate of 
10% on the income -tax. 
(c) In case of companies other than domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable (i) at the 
rate of 5% on  the income -tax where  the total income  exceeds ₹  10 crore  and (ii) at the 
rate of 2% on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does not 
exceed ₹ 10 crore.  
(d) In case of individuals,  HUF,  AOP,  BOI: 
• Surcharge  is leviable  at the rate of 10%  on income -tax where  the total income 
exceeds ₹ 50 lakh but does not exceed ₹ 1 crore;  
• Surcharge  is leviable  at the rate of 15%  on income -tax where  the total income 
exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does not exceed ₹ 2 crore;  
• Surcharge  is leviable  at the rate of 25%  on income -tax where  the total income 
exceeds ₹ 2 crore but does not exceed ₹ 5 crore; and  
• Surcharge at the rate of 37% is leviable where the total income exceeds ₹ 5  
crore.  
• However, for the purpose of income chargeable under Section 196, Section 
197, Section  198 and  Section  210(1) [Table: Sl. Nos. 3 to 5] of  the IT Act (i.e. 
for income  chargeable  to tax under the head capital gains), the surcharge rate 
shall not exceed 15%.  
• Surcharge is capped at 25% for eligible taxpayers opting for new tax regime 
under Section 202 of the IT Act.  
• Further, in case of an AOP (which only has companies as its members), 
surcharge rate shall not exceed 15%.  
(e) In case of Firm  and Local  Authority:  Surcharge  is leviable  at the rate of 12% on income - 
tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore.  
(ii) Cess  
(a) Health and Education Cess  is currently leviable in all cases at the rate of 4% on the sum 
of on income -tax and surcharge.  
I.13. Tax Deducted Certificate  
The Acquirer  will issue  a certificate  in the prescribed  form  to the Public  Shareholders  (resident  and non- 
resident) who have been paid the consideration and interest for delay in payment of consideration, if 
any, after deduction of tax on the same, certifying the amount of tax deducted and other prescribed 
particulars  in accordance  with the provisions  of the IT Act read with the Income -tax Rules,  2026  made 
thereunder, if applicable.  
 
95 THE TAX RATES AND OTHER PROVISIONS MAY UNDERGO CHANGES. THE ABOVE 
NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER 
ONLY AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL 
POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY  SHARES. THIS 
NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY 
ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE 
COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO Y OUR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.  
X. DOCUMENTS  FOR  INSPECTION  
Copies of the documents below will be available for inspection to the Public Shareholders at the 
registered office of the Manager to the Offer at J.P. Morgan India Private Limited, J.P. Morgan Tower, 
Off C. S. T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 098, between 10:30 am and 03:00 pm on 
any Working Day (except Saturdays and Sundays) during the period from the date of commencement 
of the Tendering Period until the date of closure of the Tendering Period. In addition to physical 
inspection at the regi stered office of the Manager to the Offer at the address set out above, the documents 
listed below shall also be made available for electronic inspection to Public Shareholders. Public 
Shareholders interested in inspecting any of the below mentioned docume nts electronically are 
requested to send an email from their registered email ids with the subject line “Documents for 
Inspection – RBL Bank Limited - Open Offer” (along with the details of their shareholding, DP ID and 
Client ID and, in case of a corporat e shareholder, a copy of the authority letter granting authority on 
behalf of the corporate shareholder to inspect documents), to the Manager to the Offer at 
rbl_openoffer@jpmorgan.com, and access would be provided to the respective Public Shareholders for  
electronic inspection upon receipt and processing of such a request.  
1. Copies of the commercial license and articles of association of the Acquirer;  
2. Copy  of the Investment Agreement  which  triggered  the Open  Offer;  
3. Financial  statements  pertaining  to the Acquirer  for the calendar years ended 31 December 2022, 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 ; 
4. Copies  of the audited annual  reports  of the Acquirer for  the years ending 31 December 2022, 31 December 
2023, 31 December 2024  and 31 December 2025 ; 
5. Copies  of the audited annual  reports  of the Target  Company  for the financial  years  ending  31 March  2023, 
31 March 2024 and 31 March 2025;  
6. Copies of the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Target Company as on and for the 
financial years ended on 31 March 2023, 31 March 2024, 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026;  
7. Certificate (UDIN: 25036148BMKZK9004)  dated 18 October 2025 issued by Bansi S. Mehta & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Drushti R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062)  certifying that the 
Acquirer has adequate financial resources for fulfilling its obligations under the Open Offer;  
8. Certificate dated 18 October 2025 (UDIN: 25102062BMLDPA7445 ) and addendum dated 27 October 
2025 (UDIN: 25102062BMLDQI7522 ) to the 18 October 2025 Certificate issued by Bansi S. Mehta & 
Co., Chartered Accountants (Drushti R. Desai, Partner, Membership No. 102062) certifying the trading 
turnover in the Equity Shares based on the trading volumes from 1 October 2024 to 30 Septem ber 2025 
on BSE and NSE and determination of the offer price of INR 280 (Two Hundred and Eighty Rupees);  
9. Copy  of the Bank  Guarantee dated 23 October 2025  from JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., New Delhi 
Branch  of an amount of ₹ 12,386,450,000.00  (twelve billion three hundred eighty -six million four 
hundred fifty thousand rupees)  in favour  of the Manager  to the Open Offer;  
10. Escrow Agreement dated 18 October 2025 between the Acquirer, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., India 
 
96 Branch and the Manager to the Open Offer;  
11. Letter dated 20 October 2025 from  the Escrow Agent confirming  the cash deposit of ₹1,163,650,000.00 
(one billion one hundred sixty -three million six hundred fifty thousand rupees) in the Escrow Account 
and a lien in favour of Manager to the Open Offer;  
12. Copy  of the Public  Announcement  dated  18 October 2025 and  submitted  to the Stock  Exchanges;  
13. Copy of the Detailed Public Statement dated 27 October 2025 published by the Manager to the Open 
Offer in the Newspapers on behalf of the Acquirer on 28 October 2025 (except in Tarun Bharat 
(Mumbai edition), which was published on 29 October 2025);  
14. Letter dated 20 May 2026 from the Escrow Agent confirming additional deposit of ₹ 108,810,000 (One 
hundred eight million, eight hundred ten thousand  rupees) in the Escrow Account.  
15. Copy of the recommendation made by the committee of the independent directors of the Target 
Company;  
16. Copy  of the letter  number  I/9254/2026 from  SEBI  dated  13 April 2026  containing  its observations  on 
the Draft Letter of Offer;  
17. Copy of the email from SEBI dated 22 April 2026 granting the extension for the Open Offer ; 
18. Copy of the agreement  for appointment of Registrar ; 
19. Tax certificate dated 4 November 2025  (UDIN:  25049392BMIBMT8583) and 21 May 2026 (UDIN: 
2604939 2MTXXDN3082 ) issued by Bansi S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants (Drushti R. Desai, 
Partner, Membership No. 102062) ;  
20. Copy of the Draft Letter of Offer;  
21. Copy of the RSA Corrigendum, April Corrigendum and SEC Corrigendum;  
22. Copy of the Amendment Agreement dated 11 April 2026 to the Investment Agreement, entered into 
between the Acquirer and the Target Company;  
23. Copy of the Scheme of Amalgamation;  
24. Copy of the due diligence certificate dated 4 November 2025 submitted by the Manager;  and 
25. Certificates dated 27 October 2025 and 19 May 2026  issued by Ernst & Young Middle East (Dubai 
Branch) certifying the Acquirer’s financial information;  
XI. OTHER INFORMATION  
1. In this Letter of Offer, any discrepancy in any table between the total and sums of the amount listed is 
due to rounding off and/or regrouping.  
2. In this Letter of Offer, all references to “AED” are references to United Arab Emirates Dirham(s).  
3. This Letter of Offer, the Detailed Public Statement, the Public Announcement, the Draft Letter of Offer, 
the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum and the April Corrigendum shall also be available on 
SEBI’s website ( https://www.sebi.gov.in/ ). 
4. A corrigendum dated 3 November 2025 to the Public Announcement and Detailed Public Statement, 
each, (“ SEC Corrigendum ”) was published on 4 November 2025 by the Manager on behalf of the 
Acquirer. The SEC Corrigendum was issued to introduce the grant of ‘no -action request letter’ from the 
SEC for exemptive relief from the SEC in order to allow the Open Offer to be made to U.S. Public 
 
97 Shareholders, and accordingly the definition of the Required Statutory Approvals in the Draft Letter of 
Offer was revised.  
5. A corrigendum dated 2 February 2026 to : (a) the Public Announcement, Detailed Public Statement, 
each, read with the SEC Corrigendum , and (b) Draft Letter of Offer (" RSA Corrigendum ") was 
published on 3 February 2026 by the Manager on behalf of the Acquirer. The RSA Corrigendum 
amended the definition of "Required Statutory Approvals" in the Public Announcement, Detailed Public 
Statement and Draft Letter of Offer to include, as additi onal Required Statutory Approvals, the prior 
approvals/no -objections (as applicable) from : (i) SEBI  for change in control in relation to the following 
SEBI intermediary registrations  held by  the Target Company, namely : (a) SEBI registered banker to an 
issue; ( b) SEBI registered merchant banker; and (ii)  SEBI, CDSL and NSDL for change in control in 
relation to its  depository participant registration.  
6. A corrigendum dated 11 April 2026 to the : (a) Public Announcement, Detailed Public Statement,  each, 
read with the  SEC Corrigendum  and RSA Corrigendum and (b)  Draft Letter of Offer read with the RSA 
Corrigendum (“April Corrigendum ”) was published on 12 April 2026 by the Manager on behalf of 
the Acquirer. The April Corrigendum was issued pursuant to the Acquirer having received an approval 
dated 1 April 2026 from the RBI, wherein (a) the RBI gave its prior written consent to the Acq uirer for 
acquiring up to 74.00% (seventy -four per cent) and not below 5 1.00% (fifty -one percent) of the total 
paid-up share capital of the Target Company, on the terms and conditions as contemplated under the 
Investment Agreement; (b) the RBI accorded, to the Acquirer, dispensation from the dilution and glide -
path requirement as stipulated under the A cquisition Guidelines; and (c) the RBI provided approval to 
the Acquirer under the ‘Scheme for setting up of wholly owned subsidiaries by foreign banks in India, 
2013’ (issued by the RBI) read with Paragraph F2.1.(g)(i) of the tab le in Schedule I of the NDI Rules, 
to hold shares of the Target Company, and concurrently for a temporary period, to operate in India as a 
branch of a foreign bank (" RBI Acquisition Approval "), which was subject to certain stipulations, as 
follows ("RBI Stipulations "): 
(a) the provisions applicable to foreign banks operating in wholly owned subsidiary (WOS) mode 
as stated in Chapter IV of the RBI Governance Directions shall be applicable to the Target 
Company (as a subsidiary of a foreign bank);  
(b) the requirement to have at least half of the directors attending the meetings of the Board to be 
independent directors shall not apply to the Target Company, as a subsidiary of a foreign bank; 
and  
(c) in light of (a) and (b) above, the RBI has advised the Target Company to suitably amend its 
Articles of Association and obtain approval of the RBI as required under sub -section (1)(a) of 
Section 35B of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.  
The RBI Stipulations have necessitated an amendment to the provisions relating to the Acquirer’s right 
to nominate all non -independent directors constituting 50% (fifty per cent) of the Board composition 
(including with executive directors) in the manner e laborated in the Investment Agreement. Since the 
RBI has advised the Target Company to suitably amend its Articles of Association in line with the RBI 
Stipulations, the approval of the shareholders of the Target Company will be required through a special 
resolution under Section 14(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 for aligning the relevant provisions under 
its Articles of Association with the RBI Stipulations . 
Consequently, the April Corrigendum amended: (a) the provisions of the Public Announcement, 
Detailed Public Statement and Draft Letter of Offer relating to the Acquirer's right to nominate all non -
independent directors (including with executive directors) on the board of the Target Company, to be 
subject to applicable law (including, without limitation, Chapter IV of the RBI Governance Directions), 
with such right automatically falling away upon the Acquirer ceasing to hold more than 50% (fifty per 
cent.) o f the share capital (on a fully diluted basis); and (b) the definition of "Required Statutory 
Approvals" in the Public Announcement, Detailed Public Statement and Draft Letter of Offer to include, 
as an additional approval for the Target Company having obt ained the approval of the RBI as well as 
the approval of its shareholders, through a special resolution, for amendment of its Articles of 
Association to give effect to the revised board composition requirements, as advised by the RBI under 
 
98 the RBI Acquisition Approval.  
7. As on the date of this Letter of Offer, neither the Target Company nor the Manager to the Open Offer 
has received any complaints in relation to the Open Offer made by the Acquirer to the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company.   
8. To ensure alignment with the RBI Acquisition Approval, amendments to the provisions in relation to 
nominating non -independent directors in the Board were made to the Investment Agreement vide the 
Amendment Agreement. For further information in relation to the amendments to the Investment 
Agreement, please refer to paragraph 12 of Part A ( Background to the Open Offer ) of Section III 
(Details of the Open Offer)  of this Letter of Offer.  
XII. DECLARATION  BY THE  ACQUIRER   
1. The Acquirer and its directors accept full responsibility for the information contained in the Public 
Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the 
RSA Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum and this Letter of  Offer (other than such information as has 
been obtained from public sources and/or provided by or relating to and confirmed by the Target 
Company).  
2. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the Public Announcement, the Detailed 
Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum, the April 
Corrigendum and this Letter of Offer or any other advertise ment/publications made in connection with 
the Open Offer has been compiled from information published or provided by the Target Company, as 
the case may be, or publicly available sources. The Acquirer and the Manager do not accept any 
responsibility with r espect to such information provided by or relating to  and confirmed by  the Target 
Company.  
3. The Acquirer and its directors accept full responsibility for their obligations under the Open Offer and 
shall be jointly and severally responsible for the fulfilment of obligations under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations in respect of the Open Offer.  
 
Issued by the Manager to the Open Offer  
  
For and on behalf of the Acquirer  
 
Sd/- 
Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.)  (Acquirer)  
Place : Dubai  
Date : 22 May 2026   
 
99 FORM  OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT INSTRUCTIONS  
Capitalized  terms  used and not defined  in these  instructions  will have  the same  meaning  as provided  in this 
Letter of Offer dated 22 May 2026 . 
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT NO EQUITY SHARES/FORMS SHOULD BE SENT DIRECTLY TO THE 
ACQUIRER, THE TARGET COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE OPEN OFFER.  
2. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should be legible and should be filled -up in English 
only.  
3. All queries  pertaining  to this Open  Offer  may be directed  to the Registrar  to the Offer.  
4. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s press release 
dated 3 December 2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not 
be processed unless the securities are held in demateri alised form with a depository  with effect  from  1 
April  2019.  However,  in accordance  with the circular  issued  by SEBI bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 dated 31 July 2020, shareholders  holding  securities  in physical  
form  are allowed  to tender  shares  in an open  offer.  Such tendering shall be as per the provisions of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form 
as well are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations.  
5. The Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form and are desirous of tendering  
their Equity  Shares  in the Offer  shall  approach  the Registrar  to the Offer  and submit  the following set of 
documents for verification procedure as mentioned below:  
(a) original  share  certificate(s);  
(b) valid  share  transfer  form(s)  duly filled  and signed  by the transferors  (i.e., by all registered 
shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target 
Company)  and duly witnessed  at the appropriate  place  authorizing  the transfer  in favor  of the 
Target Company;  
(c) self-attested  copy  of the shareholder’s  PAN  Card;  
(d) any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including 
board resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc. , as applicable; and  
(e) if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in 
the register of members of the Target Company, a self -attested copy of address proof consisting 
of any one of the following documents: (i) valid Aadhar Card; (ii ) Voter  Identity  Card;  or (iii) 
Passport.  
6. In case any person  has submitted  Equity  Shares  in physical  mode  for dematerialisation,  such Public 
Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed 
well in time so that they can participate in the Open Offer before close of Tendering Period.  
7. The Public Shareholders are advised to ensure that their Equity Shares are credited in favour of the 
Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, before the closure of the Tendering Period. The Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement of such dematerialized Equity Share s not credited in favour of the 
Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, before the closure of the Tendering Period will be rejected.  
8. Public Shareholders should enclose the following:  
• Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (in the form attached herewith) duly completed 
and signed in accordance with the instructions contained therein, by all the beneficial owners 
 
100 whose names appear in the beneficiary account, as per the records of the Depository Participant 
(“DP”). 
• Photocopy  of the delivery  instruction  in “Off-market”  mode  or counterfoil  of the delivery 
instruction  in “Off -market” mode, duly  acknowledged by  the DP  as per  the instruction  in this 
Letter of Offer.  
• Photocopy  of the  inter-depository  delivery  instruction  slip if the  beneficiary  holders  have an 
account with CDSL.  
• A copy of the PAN card, power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board 
resolution/specimen signature) and no self -attested certificate/tax clearance certificate from 
income tax authorities, as applicable . 
Please  note the following:  
• For each delivery instruction, the beneficial owners should submit separate Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
• The Registrar to the Offer is not bound to accept those acceptances, for which corresponding  
Equity  Shares have  not been  credited to  the Open Offer Escrow  Demat Account or for Equity  
Shares  that are credited  in the Open Offer Escrow  Demat  Account  but the corresponding  Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment has not been received as on the date of closure of the 
Offer.  
In case of non -receipt of the aforesaid documents, but receipt of the Equity Shares in the Open Offer 
Escrow Demat Account, the Acquirer may (at its sole discretion) deem the Offer to have been accepted 
by the Public Shareholder in case of a resident Publi c Shareholder.  
9. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in the Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement as the order in which they hold Equity Shares in the Target 
Company/RBL Bank Limited, and should be duly witnessed. This  order cannot be changed or altered 
nor can any new name be added for the purpose of accepting the Offer.  
10. If the Offer Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Offer Shares will be returned to the sole/first 
named Public Shareholder(s) along with all the documents received at the time of submission.  
11. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in this Letter of Offer 
in Section VIII (Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer) . 
12. This Letter of Offer along with Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is being dispatched to all 
the Public Shareholders as on the Identified Date. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer, such 
shareholders may download the same from the SEBI websi te (www.sebi.gov.in ) or obtain a copy of the 
same from the Registrar to the Offer.  
13. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure 
transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent. Such documents 
may include (but not be limited to):  
• Duly  attested  death  certificate  and succession  certificate/probate/letter  of administration (in case 
of single Public Shareholder) in case the original Public Shareholder is dead.  
• Duly  attested  power  of attorney  if any person  apart  from  the Public  Shareholder  has signed the 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
14. All the Public Shareholders are advised to refer to the Section IX (Compliance with Tax Requirements)  
in this Letter of Offer in relation to important disclosures regarding the taxes to be deducted on the 
consideration to be received by them.  
 
101 15. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should be sent only to, the Registrar to the Offer and 
not to the Manager to the Offer, the Acquirer or the Target Company.  
16. Public Shareholders having their beneficiary account in CDSL have to use “inter depository delivery 
instruction slip” for the purpose of crediting their Equity Shares in favour of the Open Offer Escrow 
Demat Account with CDSL.  
17. All Public Shareholders, (including resident or non -resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from 
the RBI, if applicable) held by them, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other 
documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer 
reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equi ty 
Shares who are not persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or 
any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit 
such previous approvals, that they would have ob tained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender the 
Offer Shares held by them, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. 
In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
NRI Public  Shareholders  tendering  their Equity  Shares  in the Offer  and holding  such Equity  Shares on a 
repatriable basis (in which case the consideration can be remitted abroad) should (i) provide relevant  
proof  of such holding  on a repatriable  basis  viz. RBI approval  (if applicable)  or proof  that such Equity 
Shares were purchased from funds from a Non -Resident External (“ NRE ”) bank account  or by way of 
foreign  inward  remittance;  and (ii) furnish  details  of the type of the relevant bank account, i.e. NRE 
bank account, to which the consideration should be credited.  
NRI Public  Shareholders  tendering  their Equity  Shares  in the Offer  and holding  such Equity  Shares on  a 
non-repatriable  basis  should  provide  details  of their Non-Resident  (Ordinary)  (“NRO ”) bank account, 
based on which the cheque or demand draft constituting payment of purchase consideration  will be 
drawn.  In the event  that details  of a NRO  bank  account  are not furnished,  the Equity  Shares  tendered  by 
such NRI Public  Shareholders  would  be rejected.  Alternatively,  if such a  NRI Public  Shareholder  wishes  
to receive  the consideration  in a NRE  bank  account,  such NRI Public  Shareholder  should  provide  a 
specific  RBI approval  permitting  consideration  to be credited to  such bank  account,  based  on which  the 
cheque  or demand  draft  constituting  payment  of purchase consideration  will be drawn.  In the event  that 
such a specific  RBI approval  and the details  of such designated bank account are not furnished, the 
Equity Shares tendered by such NRI Public Shareholders would be liable for rejection.  
18. Non-Resident Public Shareholders should enclose no objection certificate/certificate for deduction of 
tax at a lower rate from the income tax authorities under the Income Tax Act, 2025  indicating the tax 
to be deducted if any by the Acquirer before remittance of consideration. Otherwise tax will be deducted 
at the applicable rate as may be applicable to the category and status of the Public Shareholder (as 
registered with the depositori es/Target Company) on full consideration payable by the Acquirer.  
19. Erstwhile FIIs, and FPIs are requested to enclose their respective valid registration certificates with 
SEBI. In case of a company, a stamp of the company should be affixed on the Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgement. A company/erstwhile FII/FPI/erstwhil e OCB should furnish necessary 
authorization documents along with specimen signatures of authorised signatories.  
20. All documents/remittances sent by or to Public Shareholders will be at their own risk. Public 
Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard. Equity Shares to the 
extent not accepted will be credited back to the beneficial owners’ depository account with the 
respective depository participant as per the details furnished by the beneficial owner in the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
21. Neither the Acquirer, the Manager to the Offer, the Registrar to the Offer nor the Target Company/RBL 
Bank Limited will be liable for any delay/loss in transit resulting in delayed receipt/non -receipt by the 
Registrar to the Offer of your Form of Acceptanc e-cum-Acknowledgement or for the failure to deposit 
the Equity Shares to the Open Offer Escrow Demat Account or for any other reason.  
 
102 22. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement and other related documents should be submitted at 
the collection centres of the Registrar as mentioned below.  
No City Contact  
person  Address  Tel. No. Fax No. E-mail  id Mode  of 
delivery  
1. 
Mumbai  Pradnya 
Karanjekar  MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited 
(Formerly, Link Intime 
India Private Limited) 
C-101, Embassy 247, 
Lal Bahadur Shastri 
Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai 400 083  +91 
810811494
9 +91 22 
49186060  rblbank.offer
@in.mpms.mu
fg.com  Hand 
delivery/ 
courier/ 
speed 
post 
 
23. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement along with enclosures should be sent only to the 
Registrar to the Offer either by speed post or courier or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar of the 
Offer on or before the date of closure of the Tendering Period at the collection centres mentioned below 
on all Working Days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and Public holidays) during the business hours. 
For hand delivery the collections centre timings will be all Working Days anytime between Monday to 
Friday 10 :00 am to 5 :00 pm (IST) . 
24. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents which are necessary to ensure 
transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent.  
25. In case the Acquirer is of the view that the information/documents provided by the Public Shareholder 
is inaccurate or incomplete or insufficient, then tax may be deducted at source at the applicable rate on 
the entire consideration paid to the Public Shar eholders.  
26. Payment of Consideration : Public Shareholders must note that on the basis of name of the Public 
Shareholders, DP’s name, DP ID, Beneficiary Account number provided by them in the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, the Registrar to the Offer will obtain from the Depositories,  the 
Public Shareholder’s details including address, bank account and branch details. These bank account 
details will be used to make payment to the Public Shareholders. Hence, Public Shareholders are advised 
to immediately update t heir bank account details as appearing  on the records  of the Depository  
Participant.  Please  note that failure  to do so could  result in delays of payment or electronic transfer of 
funds, as applicable, and any such delay shall be at the Public Shareholders sole risk and neither the 
Acquirer, the Manager to the Offer, Registrar  to the Offer  nor the Escrow  Agent  shall  be liable  to 
compensate  the Public  Shareholders for any loss caused to the Public Shareholders due to any such 
delay or liable to pay any interest for such delay.  
The tax deducted under this Open Offer is not the final liability of the Public Shareholders or in no way 
discharges the obligation of Public Shareholders to disclose the consideration received pursuant to this 
Open Offer in their respective tax returns.  
All Public Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may be given by 
their  respective  assessing  officers  in their  case,  and the appropriate  course  of action  that they should  
take. The Acquirer  and the  Manager  to the Open Offer do not accept  any responsibility  for the accuracy 
or otherwise of such advice. The tax rates and other provisions may undergo changes.  
Collection  Centres  
No City Contact  
person  Address  Tel. No. Fax No. E-mail  id Mode  of 
delivery  
1. 
Mumbai  Pradnya 
Karanjekar  MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited 
(Formerly, Link Intime 
India Private Limited) +91 810 
811 4949  +91 22 
49186060  rblbank.offer
@in.mpms.mu
fg.com  Hand 
delivery/ 
courier / 
speed 
 
103 No City Contact  
person  Address  Tel. No. Fax No. E-mail  id Mode  of 
delivery  
C-101, Embassy 247, 
Lal Bahadur Shastri 
Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai 400 083  post 
 
For hand delivery the collections centre timings will be all Working Days anytime between Monday to 
Friday 10:00 am to 5:00 pm  (IST) , except public holidays. Applicants  who cannot  hand  deliver  their 
documents  at the Collection  Centres,  may send their documents only by speed post/courier, at their own risk, to 
the Registrar to the Offer at the Collection Centres situated at Mumbai so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer 
on or before the last date of acceptance.  
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -
CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT/EQUITY  SHARES  THAT  ARE  RECEIVED  BY THE REGISTRAR 
AFTER THE CLOSE OF THE TENDERING PERIOD OF THE OPEN OFFER, SHALL NOT BE 
ACCEPTED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES AND HENCE ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
  
 
104 FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
(Resident Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill this Form 
of Acceptance. Public Shareholders holding shares in physical form (resident and non -resident) and non -
resident Public Shareholders are required t o send this Form of Acceptance along with the enclosures to the 
Registrar to the Offer, at its registered office address provided in the LOF. Capitalized terms and expressions 
used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the LOF.)  
(Capitalized terms and expressions used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning as ascribed to 
them in this Letter of Offer)  
 
  TENDERING PERIOD FOR THE OFFER  
    
  OPENS ON  01 June 2026  
  CLOSES ON  12 June 2026  
 
To, 
 
The Acquirer  
C/o MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
Unit : RBL Bank – Open Offer   
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West)  
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400083, India  
Contact person : Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Email : rblbank.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
SUB: OPEN OFFER FOR ACQUISITION OF UP TO 415,586,443 (FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN 
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY -SIX THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY -
THREE) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹10 (TEN RUPEES) EACH (THE 
“EQUITY SHARES”) OF RBL BANK L IMITED (THE “TARGET COMPANY”), REPRESENTING 
26.00%* (TWENTY -SIX PER CENT.) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE CAPITAL OF THE 
TARGET COMPANY FROM THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS BY EMIRATES NBD BANK 
(P.J.S.C.) (“ACQUIRER”) PURSUANT TO AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REQUIREME NTS 
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF 
SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED (THE “SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS”) (THE “OPEN OFFER”). NO PERSON IS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THE 
ACQUIRER FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE OP EN OFFER.  
*The Open Offer size is subject to a proportionate reduction in accordance with the first proviso to Regulation 
7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, such that the resulting shareholding of the Acquirer on completion of the 
Open Offer and the Underlying Tra nsaction does not exceed 75.00% of the Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
I/We refer to this Letter of Offer dated 22 May 2026  for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me/us in RBL 
Bank Limited .  
 
105 I/We, the undersigned, have read the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of 
Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum, this Letter of Offer and the Open 
offer opening public announcement, and un derstood its contents, terms and conditions, and unconditionally 
accepted the terms and conditions as mentioned therein.  
I/We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/statements given by me/ us herein are true and correct.  
Details of Public Shareholder : 
Name  
(in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the Shareholder  Permanent Account Number (PAN)  
(Please write names of the joint 
holders in the same order as 
appearing in the Equity Share 
certificate(s)/demat account)  Sole/First    
Second    
Third    
Contact Number(s) of the 
First Holder  Tel No. (with ISD/STD Code):  Mobile No.:  
Full Address of the First 
Holder  
(with pin code)   
Email address of the First 
Holder   
Date & Place of 
incorporation (if applicable)   
 
FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM:  
I/We, confirm that our residential status under the IT Act is as below (tick whichever is applicable).  
□ Resident  
□ Non-Resident  
I/We, holding Equity Shares holding physical shares, accept the Offer and enclose the original share 
certificate(s) and duly signed transfer deed(s) in respect of my/our Equity Shares as detailed below along with 
enclosures as mentioned herein:  
Sr. 
No. Regd. Folio Number  Share Certificate Number  Distinctive Numbers  No. of Equity 
Shares  From  To 
1      
2      
3      
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach a separate sheet with the 
above details and authenticate the same)  TOTAL   
 
Enclosures (whichever is applicable)  
 
106 □ Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public Shareholder, has signed the Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement or Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
□ Original Equity Share certificate(s)  
□ Valid Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
□ Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and specimen 
signatures of authorized signatories  
□ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in case of 
single Shareholder), in case the original Shareholder has expired  
□ Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
□ Other relevant documents (please specify)  
FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS:  
I/We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me/us under this Offer, are free from 
any pledges, liens, charges, equitable interests, non -disposal undertakings or any other form of encumbrances 
and are being tendered together wit h all rights attached thereto, including all rights to dividends, bonuses and 
rights offers, if any, declared hereafter.  
I/We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity shares held by me/us will not contravene any applicable 
law and will not breach the terms of any agreement (written or otherwise) that I/we are a party to.  
My/Our execution of this Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement shall constitute my/our warranty that 
the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned by me/us and are sold and transferred by me/us free 
from all liens, charges, claims of third par ties and encumbrances. If any claim is made by any third party in 
respect of the said Equity Shares, I/we will hold the Acquirer harmless and indemnified against any loss they or 
either of them may suffer in the event of the Acquirer acquiring these Equity  Shares.  
I/We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Offer Shares on the foregoing basis.  
I/We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts in any 
manner my/our right to tender Offer Shares in this Open Offer and that I/we am/are legally entitled to tender 
the Offer Shares in this Open Offer.  
I/We agree that the Acquirer will pay the consideration as per secondary market mechanism, only after 
verification of the certifications, documents and signatures, as applicable submitted along with this Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment by the Public Shareholders, and subject to the adherence of the 
aforementioned Instructions. I/We undertake to return to the Acquirer any Open Offer consideration that may 
be wrongfully received by me/us.  
I/We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for holding the Offer Shares and/or for tendering the Offer 
Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith.  
I/We confirm that I/We am/are not persons acting in concert with the Acquirer.  
I/We give my/our consent to the Acquirer, to file any statutory documents, if any, on my/our behalf in relation 
to accepting the Offer Shares in this Open Offer.  
I/We confirm that I/we am/are in compliance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the Public 
Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Draft Letter of Offer, the SEC Corrigendum, the RSA 
Corrigendum, the April Corrigendum and this Letter of Of fer. 
 
107 I/We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or 
expedient to give effect to my/our tender/offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the 
Acquirer, to effectuate this Open Offer in a ccordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
I/We am/are not debarred from dealing in shares or securities.  
I/We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against me/us which may affect the legality of the 
transfer of Equity Shares under the IT Act, including but not limited to Section 499 of the IT Act.  
I/We confirm that no notice has been issued by the income tax authorities impacting the rights to transfer the 
shares.  
I/We note and understand that the Offer Shares will be held by the Registrar to the Offer/Clearing Corporation 
intrust for me/us till the date the Acquirer make payment of consideration as mentioned in this Letter of Offer, 
or the date by which other docum ents are dispatched to the Public Shareholders, as the case may be. I/We also 
note and understand that the consideration will be paid only to those Public Shareholders who have validly 
tendered their Equity Shares in this Offer, in accordance with the term s of this Letter of Offer.  
I/We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including surcharge, cess, interest, penalty, etc.) 
arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided/to be provided by me/us, 
or as a result of income tax (including  any consequent surcharge, cess, interest and penalty) on the income 
arising from tendering of the Offer Shares, I/We will indemnify the Acquirer for such income tax demand 
(including surcharge, cess, interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer with all information/documents that 
may be necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before any income tax/appellate authority.  
I/We authorize the Acquirer to acquire all the Equity Shares so tendered by me/us or such lesser number of 
Equity Shares, which it/they may decide to accept, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, and in terms 
of this Letter of Offer.  
I/We authorize the Acquirer, and the Registrar to the Offer to return to me/us by speed post or ordinary post, 
unaccepted documents, if any, at my/our sole risk, without specifying the reasons thereof.  
I/We, confirm that our residential status for the purposes of tax is:  
□ Resident  
□ Non-Resident, if yes please state country of tax residency: _________________  
(If none of the above box is ticked, the residential status of the Public Shareholder will be considered as non -
resident, for withholding tax purposes).  
I/We, confirm that my/our status as a shareholder is: (Please tick whichever is applicable):  
☐ Individual  ☐ Domestic 
Company  ☐ Foreign Company  ☐ FII/FPI - 
Corporate  ☐ FII/FPI - Others  
☐ QFI ☐ FVCI  ☐ Partnership/  
Proprietorship 
firm/LLP  ☐ Private Equity 
Fund/AIF  ☐ Pension/Provident Fund  
☐ Sovereign Wealth 
Fund  ☐ Foreign Trust  ☐ Financial 
Institution  ☐ NRIs/PIOs - 
repatriable  ☐ NRIs/PIOs - non- 
repatriable  
☐ Insurance 
Company  ☐ OCB  ☐ Domestic Trust  ☐ Banks  ☐ Association of 
person/Body of 
Individual  
☐ Any others, please 
specify:  ______________________________________________________________  
 
108  
FOR NRIS/OCB/FIIS, FPIS AND SUB -ACCOUNTS/OTHER NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:  
I/We confirm that my/our investment status is: (Please provide supporting documents and tick whichever is 
applicable)  
□ FDI Route  
□ PIS Route  
□ Any other – please specify __________________________________  
I/We, confirm that the Offer Shares tendered by me/us are held on: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ Repatriable basis  
□ Non-Repatriable basis  
I/We confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ No RBI or other regulatory approval was required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been 
tendered in this Open Offer and the Offer Shares are held under the general permission of the RBI  
□ Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been tendered in this Open 
Offer are enclosed herewith  
□ Copy of RBI Registration letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me/us is enclosed herewith  
I/We confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ No RBI or other regulatory approval is required by me for tendering the Offer Shares in this Open 
Offer  
□ Copies of all approvals required by me for tendering Offer Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed 
herewith  
------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line -----------------------------------------------  
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer at:  
Unit : RBL Bank – Open Offer  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai , Maharashtra  400 083  
Contact Persons : Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Website :  
www.in.mpms.mufg.com   
Email: rblbank.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Additional confirmations and enclosures for other non -resident Public Shareholders, as applicable  
I/We, have enclosed the following documents: ( Please tick whichever is applicable )  
☐  Self-attested copy of PAN card  
 
109 ☐ For non -resident Public Shareholders not possessing a PAN Card, the following information/documents 
(that has not already been furnished): a) name, e -mail id, contact number; (b) address in the country or 
specified territory outside India of which the non -resident Public Shareholder is a resident; (c) a 
certificate of residence of the non -resident Public Shareholder in any country or specified territory 
outside India from the Government of that country or specified territory if the law of that country or 
specified territory provides for issuance of such certificate; (d) tax identification number of the non -
resident Public Shareholder in the country or specified territory of his residence and in case no such 
number is available, then a unique number on the b asis of which the non -resident Public Shareholder is 
identified by the Government of that country or the specified territory of which he claims to be a resident  
☐ Self-declaration form in Form  121, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy (applicable only for 
interest payment, if any)  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has signed the Form -
of-Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the Board Resolution and 
Specimen Signatures of Authorised Signatories  
☐ For Mutual funds/Banks/Notified Institutions under Section 393(4) [Table: Sl .No. 7] of the IT Act, 
attested copy of relevant registration or notification  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI 
regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ SEBI Registration Certificate for FIIs/FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ ‘Valid Tax Residency Certificate’ issued by the income tax authority of a foreign country of which he/it 
claims to be a tax resident, in case the non -resident Public Shareholder intends to claim benefit under 
the DTAA between India and that jurisdiction i n which such non -resident Public Shareholder claims to 
be resident and a duly filled in ‘Form 41’ as prescribed under the IT Act. Such other information and 
documentation as maybe required depending upon specific terms of the relevant DTAA, including but 
not limited to a declaration of not having a permanent establishment in India  
☐ Certificate under Section 395(1) of the IT Act, wherever applicable (certificate for deduction of tax at 
lower rate) from the income tax authorities under the IT Act, indicating the amount of tax to be deducted 
by the Acquirer  
☐ SEBI registration certificate issued to Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Funds if such 
fund intends to claim exemption from TDS under Section 400(1)  of the IT Act  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public Shareholders (e.g. 
individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of 
Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please specify)    
☐ Other relevant documents (please specify) ________________________________  
BANK DETAILS  
In case of Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, the bank account details for the 
purpose of interest payment, if any, will be taken from the record of the depositories.  
Eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the bank account details for the purpose 
of interest payment, if any, will be taken from details provided by you. Also kindly attached copy of cancel 
cheque for below account for verifica tion. 
 
110 Name of the bank   
Branch address and pin code   
Account number   
IFSC code   
MICR code   
Type of account - Savings/ Current/ 
Others (please specify)   
 
In case of interest payments, if any, by the Acquirer for delay in payment of Offer consideration or a part 
thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of consideration, 
or the quantum of taxes to be deduc ted rests solely with the Acquirer depending on the settlement mechanism 
for such interest payments.  
Yours faithfully,  
Signed and Delivered,  
 Full name(s) of the holder  PAN  Signature(s)  
First/Sole Holder     
Joint Holder 1     
Joint Holder 2     
Joint Holder 3     
 
Note: In case of joint holdings, all holders must sign. In case of body corporate, the company seal should be 
affixed and certified copies of the necessary Board resolutions should be attached.  
Place: _______________________  Date: ____________________  
  
 
111 ------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------  
Acknowledgement Slip  – (To be filled in by the Public Shareholders)  
 
RBL Bank Limited  – Open Offer  
Sr. No. ____________________  
Received from Mr./Ms./  
M/s. _____________________________________________________________________________  
Address __________________________________________________________________________  
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement for RBL Bank Limited  – Open Offer  as per details below:   
 
Copy of delivery instructions to depository participant of DP ID/Client ID/Folio No. ________ for 
____________ Equity Shares  
 
 
Date of Receipt:__________________________ Place of Receipt:____________________________  
Signature of Official: _________________________  
  
 
112 INSTRUCTIONS  
Capitalised terms used and not defined in these instructions will have the same meaning as provided in this 
Letter of Offer dated 22 May 2026.  
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT NO EQUITY SHARES/FORM -OF-ACCEPTANCE -CUM -
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT SHOULD BE SENT DIRECTLY TO 
THE ACQUIRER, THE TARGET COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER.  
2. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should be legible and should be filled -up in English 
only.  
3. All queries pertaining to this Open Offer may be directed to the Registrar to the Offer.  
4. Eligible Public Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the dematerialized form under 
the Open Offer would have to do so through their respective Selling Member by indicating the details 
of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Ope n Offer.  
5. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s Press Release 
dated 3 December 2018, bearing reference No. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not 
be processed unless the securities are held in demateri alized form with a depository with effect from 1 
April 2019. However, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and the  SEBI Master Circular , 
shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an open offer. Such 
tenderin g shall be as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, public 
shareholders holding equity shares in physical form as well are eligible to tender their equity shares in 
this Open Offer as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulati ons.  
6. The Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form and are desirous of tendering 
their Equity Shares in the Offer shall approach the Registrar to the Offer and submit the following set 
of documents for verification procedure as mentione d below:  
• original share certificate(s);  
• valid share transfer deed(s) duly filled, stamped and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all 
registered shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the 
Target Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizi ng the transfer in favour 
of the Acquirer;  
• self-attested copy of the shareholder’s PAN Card (in case of joint holders, the PAN card copy 
of all transferors);  
• this form – for Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical mode, duly completed 
and signed in accordance with the instructions contained therein, by sole/ joint Public 
Shareholders whose name(s) appears on the share certificate(s) in the same or der in which they 
hold Equity Shares, and as per the specimen signature lodged with the Target Company;  
• any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including 
board resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc. , as applicable; and  
• if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in 
the register of members of the Target Company, a self -attested copy of address proof consisting 
of any one of the following documents: (i) valid Aadhar Card; (ii ) Voter Identity Card; or (iii) 
Passport.  
• Public Shareholders holding physical shares should note that such Equity Shares will not 
be accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted.  
 
113 7. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical mode for dematerialisation, such Public 
Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed 
well in time so that they can participate in the Offer b efore closing of the Tendering Period.  
8. In case of unregistered owners of Equity Shares in physical mode, the Public Shareholder should 
provide an additional valid share transfer deed(s) duly signed by the unregistered owner as transferor(s) 
by the sole/joint Public Shareholder(s) in the same or der and duly witnessed at the appropriate place. 
The transfer deed should be left blank, except for the signatures and witness details. PLEASE DO NOT 
FILL IN ANY OTHER DETAILS IN THE TRANSFER DEED   
9. Attestation, where required (as indicated in the share transfer deed) (thumb impressions, signature 
difference, etc.) should be done by a Magistrate, Notary Public or Special Executive Magistrate or a 
similar authority holding a public office and authorize d to issue the seal of his office or a member of a 
recognized stock exchange under their seal of office and membership number or manager of the 
transferor’s bank.  
10. In case the share certificate(s) and the transfer deed(s) are lodged with the Target Company/ its transfer 
agents for transfer, then the acceptance shall be accompanied by the acknowledgement of lodgement 
with, or receipt by, the Target Company / its trans fer agents, of the share certificate(s) and the transfer 
deed(s).  
11. The Public Shareholder should ensure that the certificate(s) and above documents should be sent only 
to the Registrar to the Offer either by speed post or courier or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar 
to the Offer: i.e. MUFG Intime India Private Limited, before the closure of the Tendering Period by 
5.00 pm (IST) at the following address: MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly, Link Intime 
India Private Limited) C -101, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400 
083. 
12. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in the Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement as the order in which they hold the Equity Shares, and should 
be duly witnessed. This order cannot be changed or altered  nor can any new name be added for the 
purpose of accepting the Offer.  
13. If the Offer Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Offer Shares will be returned to the sole/first 
named Public Shareholder(s) along with all the documents received at the time of submission.  
14. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in this Letter of Offer 
in Section VIII ( Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Open Offer ). 
15. This Letter of Offer along with Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is being dispatched to all 
the Public Shareholders as on the Identified Date. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer, such 
shareholders may download the same from the SEBI websi te (www.sebi.gov.in) or obtain a copy of the 
same from the Registrar to the Offer.  
16. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure 
transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent.  
17. All the Public Shareholders are advised to refer to Section IX (Compliance with Tax Requirements)  in 
this Letter of Offer. However, it may be noted that Public Shareholders should consult with their own 
tax advisors for the tax provisions applicable to their particular circumstances, as the details provided 
in Section IX (Compliance with Tax Requirements) , as referred to above, are indicative and for guidance 
purposes only.  
18. All documents/remittances sent by or to Public Shareholders will be at their own risk. Public 
Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
 
114 19. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical mode for dematerialisation, such Public 
Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed 
well in time so that they can participate in the Open Of fer before closing of Tendering Period.  
20. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in this Letter of Offer 
at Section VIII ( Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Open Offer ). 
21. This Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is being dispatched to 
all the Public Shareholders as on the Identified Date. In case of non -receipt of this Letter of Offer, such 
Public Shareholders may download the same from the  SEBI website (www.sebi.gov.in) or obtain a copy 
of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary evidence of holding of 
the Offer Shares. This Letter of Offer will also be available on the website of NSE 
(https://www.nseindia.com/ ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ). 
22. If non -resident Public Shareholders had required any approval from the RBI or any other regulatory 
body in respect of the Offer Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous 
approvals that they would have obtained for holding the Offer  Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held 
by them pursuant to this Open Offer. Further, non -resident Public Shareholders must obtain all 
approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares in this Open Offer (including without limitation, 
the approval fr om the RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required in 
terms of this Letter of Offer, and provide such other consents, documents and confirmations as may be 
required to enable the Acquirer to purchase the Offer Shares so tendered . In the event any such approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Offer Shares tendered in this Open 
Offer. If the Offer Shares are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder 
should state tha t the Offer Shares are held under general permission and whether they are held on 
repatriable basis or non -repatriable basis  
23. Interest payment, if any: In case of interest payments by the Acquirer for delay in payment of Offer 
consideration or a part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay 
in payment of consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer 
depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments.  
24. Public Shareholders who hold shares in physical form and wish to tender their Equity Shares must 
submit the following documents to the Registrar to the Offer.  
(a) For resident Public Shareholders:  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Certificate from the income tax authorities under Section 400 of the IT Act, wherever 
applicable, in relation to payment of interest, if any, for delay in payment of 
consideration (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate)  
☐ Self-declaration in Form 121 (in duplicate), if applicable  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has 
signed the Form -of-Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the Board 
Resolution and Specimen Signatures of Authorised Signatories  
☐ For specified entities under Section 393(4)  [Table: Sl. No. 7]  of the IT Act, self -attested 
copy of relevant registration or notification (applicable only for interest payment, if 
any) 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public 
Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, 
 
115 Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please 
specify)  
☐ Self-declaration that (a) income tax returns have been duly filed in India for the two 
preceding financial years along with copies of acknowledgements issued by the Indian 
tax authorities (as may be suitably redacted) evidencing the filing of such tax retu rns 
or; (b) that the aggregate tax deducted at source and tax collected at source is less than 
₹50,000 (fifty thousand rupees) in each of the 2 (two) preceding financial years, as 
evidenced by a copy of Form 168 annexed.  
(a) For non -resident Public Shareholders:  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card and in the case of non -resident Public Shareholders not 
possessing a PAN Card, the following information/documents (that has not already 
been furnished): a) name, e -mail id, contact number; (b) address in the country or 
speci fied territory outside India of which the non -resident Public Shareholder is a 
resident; (c) a certificate of residence of the non -resident Public Shareholder in any 
country or specified territory outside India from the Government of that country or 
speci fied territory if the law of that country or specified territory provides for issuance 
of such certificate; (d) tax identification number of the non -resident Public Shareholder 
in the country or specified territory of his residence and in case no such numb er is 
available, then a unique number on the basis of which the non -resident Public 
Shareholder is identified by the Government of that country or the specified territory 
of which he claims to be a resident  
☐ Certificate under 395(1) of the IT Act, wherever applicable (certificate for deduction 
of tax at lower rate) from the income tax authorities under the IT Act, indicating the 
amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirer  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has 
signed the Form -of-Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the Board 
Resolution and Specimen Signatures of Authorised Signatories  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the 
applicable SEBI regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ SEBI Registration Certificate for FIIs/FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs, 
and Category 1 or Category 2 AIFs)  
☐ Tax Residency Certificate and Form 41 and other information or documents as may be 
required to claim relief under the provisions of applicable double taxation avoidance 
agreement  
☐ Self-attested declaration that it does not have a Permanent Establishment in India either 
under the IT Actor DTAA or agreement applicable between India and any other foreign 
country or specified Territory (as notified under Section 159 of the IT Act) of which 
the Public Shareholder claims to be a tax resident  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public 
Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, 
Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please 
specify)  
In an event of non -submission of NOC or certificate for deduction of tax at nil/lower rate, tax 
 
116 will be deducted upto the maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the relevant category, 
to which the Public Shareholder belongs, by the Acquirer.  
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -
CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT/EQUITY SHARES THAT ARE RECEIVED BY THE REGISTRAR 
AFTER THE CLOSE OF THE OPEN OFFER SHALL NOT BE ACCEPTED UNDER ANY 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND HENCE ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
 
 
 
 
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer at the following 
address:  
Unit: RBL Bank Limited – Open Offer   
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West)  
 
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400083, India  
 
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar  
 
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Email : rblbank.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
 
 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
 
[Pursuant to Sect ion 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 2014]  
 
Date of execution:   /  /  
 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION  stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the 
“Transferee(s)” named the securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities 
are now held by the Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities 
subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 6 5 1 9 1 P N 1 9 4 3 P L C 0 0 7 3 0 8 
   
Name of the company (in full):  RBL Bank Limited  
 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the 
company is listed, (if any):  BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES  
Kind/ class of securities  
(1) Nominal value of each 
unit of security (2)  Amount called up per 
unit of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit 
of security (4)  
Equity Share  INR 10.00  INR 10.00  INR 10.00  
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (INR)  
In Figures  In Words  In Words  In Figures  
    
Distinctive 
Number  From       
To      
Corresponding 
Certificate Nos.        
 
Transferor’s Particulars  
 
Registered Folio Number   
 
Name(s) in full and PAN (attach copy of pan card)    Seller Signature(s)  
1.      
2.     
3.     
 
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
 
Signature of the Witness  :   
Name of the Witness  :   
Address of the Witness  :  
   
 
 
 Transferee’s Particulars  
 
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse 
Name (2)  Address  (3) 
Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C.)   NOT APPLICABLE  Address :  
Baniyas Street, Deira, P.O. Box 777, 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates.  
Email id :  
neerajm@emiratesnbd.com   
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
   
 
Declaration:  
☐ Transferee is not required to obtain Government approval under the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non -debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares; or  
☐ Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Non -debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been 
obtained and is enclosed herewith.  
Folio No. of Transferee   Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
 
 
 
 
Value of stamp affixed:  INR  
 
Enclosures:  
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment  
3. Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others, Specify,______________________________________  
 
For Office Use Only  
Checked by   
 
Signature Tallied by   
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on   
 
 vide Transfer no   
 
Approval Date   
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death Certificate / Letter of 
Administration  
 
Registered on   at 
 
No  
 
  
 
 
 
 1.   
 
2.  
 
 
3.  
 
 
 
 
 
STAMPS  
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
Name of the Transferor   Name of the Transferee   No. of shares   Date of Transfer  
 
 Signature of the authorized signator y 
 