July 03, 2026  
To 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: NoƟce convening the meeƟng of the Secured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited with respect to the 
composite scheme of AmalgamaƟon and Arrangement amongst Refex Geen Mobility Limited 
(‘Transferor Company’) and Refex Industries Limited (‘Transferee Company/ Demerged Company’) and 
Refex Mobility Limited (‘ResulƟng Company’) and their respecƟve shareholders and creditors (‘Scheme’) under 
SecƟons 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules and/or 
regulaƟons framed thereunder 
Ref: Disclosure under RegulaƟon 30 of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and 
Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 (“SEBI LisƟng RegulaƟons”)   
This is with reference to our earlier inƟmaƟon dated June 24, 2026, regarding the pronouncement of Order by the 
Hon’ble NaƟonal Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (‘Hon’ble NCLT’ ), for convening of the respecƟve 
meeƟngs of the (a) Equity Shareholders; (b) Secured Creditors and (c) Unsecured Creditors of Refex Industries 
Limited on August 05, 2026, for the purpose of considering and, if thought ﬁt, approving with or without 
modiﬁcaƟon(s) the amalgamaƟon and arrangement embodied in the Scheme. 
Pursuant to the said order, we wish to inform you that, as per the direcƟons of the Hon’ble NCLT, the meeƟng of 
the Secured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 11:30 
A.M. (IST), through Physical mode at the registered oﬃce of the Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, 
Valluvar KoƩam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034. 
The NoƟce convening the aforesaid meeƟng together with the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions 
of SecƟons 102, 230, 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and AmalgamaƟons) Rules, 2016, the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and 
Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015, and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI, read with the 
ObservaƟon LeƩers issued by the Stock Exchanges, is enclosed herewith. 
Key InformaƟon pertaining to the MeeƟng: 
ParƟculars Details 
Date and Ɵme of the mee Ɵng Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 11:30 AM (IST)  
Mode Physical mode at the registered oﬃce of the Company at 2nd Floor Refex
Towers, 313, Valluvar Ko Ʃam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –
600034. 
Cut-oﬀ date for Vo Ɵng and a Ʃending 
the MeeƟng March 31, 2026  
The noƟce is being sent through electronic mode to those Secured Creditors whose email addresses are 
registered/ available with the Company and through speed post, providing the web-link and Quick response code 
for accessing the No Ɵce and related documents hosted on the website of the Company, to those whose e-mail 
addresses are not so registered/ available with the Company as on Tuesday, March 31, 2026.  
Only those Secured Creditors whose names are registered as such in the records of the Company as on Tuesday, 
March 31, 2026, being the Cut-Oﬀ date ﬁxed for this purpose, shall be eligible to exercise their vo Ɵng rights on 
the resolu Ɵon. BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 532884  NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400051  
Symbol: REFEX  
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, Secured Creditors are requested to carefully read the detailed instruc Ɵons on vo Ɵng via polling 
papers at the mee Ɵng. 
 
This NoƟce along with Explanatory Statement and annexures thereto, are hosted on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://refex.co.in/investors/scheme-of-amalgama Ɵon-arrangement  . 
 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
 
Yours Sincerely  
 
For and on behalf of Refex Industries Limited  
  
  
 
Ankit Poddar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer  
Membership No: A-25443  
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Refex Industries Limited 
Registered Office:  2nd Floor, Refex Towers, Sterling Road Signal, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600 034, Tamil Nadu, India 
Tel: +91 44 43405900 | Website: www.refex.co.in | E-mail: cscompliance@refex.co.in 
(CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) 
 
 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE SECURED CREDITORS OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED (PURSUANT TO THE ORDER DATED 
JUNE 18, 2026, OF THE HON'BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH): 
 
 
MEETING DETAILS 
Day Wednesday 
Date August 5, 2026 
Time 11:30 A.M 
Mode of Meeting Physical mode at 2nd Floor, Refex Towers, Sterling Road Signal, 313, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034 
 
 
S.No Contents 
1.  Notice convening meeting of the Secured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited (“RIL”/ “the Company”) under 
Section(s) 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“CAA Rules”) (“Notice”) 
2.  Explanatory Statement in terms of Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable provisions of 
the Act read with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with applicable circulars issued by Securities 
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) 
3.  
 Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or 
”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) 
and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Company”) and their respective shareholders and creditors ("the 
Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Act as Annexure 1  
4.  Audited Financial Statements of RGML/Transferor for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 enclosed as 
Annexure 2  
5.  Audited Financial Statements of RIL for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 enclosed as Annexure 3  
6.  Audited Financial Statements of RML from the date of its incorporation, i.e., September 12, 2025, up to March 31, 
2026 by Statutory Auditor of RML enclosed as Annexure 4  
7.  Report of the Board of Directors of RGML dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5A  
8.  Report of the Board of Directors of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5B  
9.  Report of the Board of Directors of RML dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5C  
10.  Share entitlement ratio report dated September 22, 2025, issued by, M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants 
Registered Valuer (with IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/06/2020/126), enclosed as  
Annexure 6 
11.  Fairness opinion dated September 22, 2025, issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited, an Independent 
Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000012315), enclosed as Annexure 7  
2 
 S.No Contents 
12.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RGML, certifying that  the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme is in 
conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and applicable rules 
thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8A . 
13.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RIL, certifying that  the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme is in 
conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and applicable rules 
thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8B. 
14.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RML, certifying that the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme is in 
conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and applicable rules 
thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8C  
15.  Observation letter from BSE dated March 16, 2026, conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection for 
filing the Scheme with National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), enclosed as Annexure 9  
16.  Observation letter from NSE dated March 16, 2026, conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection for 
filing the Scheme with NCLT, enclosed as Annexure 10  
 Report of the Audit Committee of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 11  
17.  Report of the Committee of Independent Directors of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 12  
18.  Certified true copy of the Report on Complaints submitted to the BSE Limited (“BSE”), enclosed as Annexure 13  
19.  Certified true copy of the Report on Complaints submitted to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), 
enclosed as Annexure 14 
20.  Details of material ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecutions initiated, and all other material 
enforcement action taken if any, against RIL, its Promoters and Directors, as applicable, enclosed as Annexure 15  
21.  Information pertaining to the unlisted companies involved in the Scheme, i.e. RGML & RML, in the format 
prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in Part E of Schedule VI of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 read with relevant SEBI Scheme Circulars, enclosed as Annexure 16A  (“Abridged 
Prospectus-RGML”) and Annexure 16B  (“Abridged Prospectus - RML”), respectively. 
22.  Certificate issued by M/s 3Dimension Capital Services Limited, a category I Independent Merchant Banker (SEBI 
Registration No. MB/INM000012528), certifying the accuracy and adequacy of the information in the Abridged 
Prospectus 1 and Abridged Prospectus 2, enclosed as Annexure 17  
23.  The details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies as submitted with NSE and BSE while 
obtaining their no objection to the Scheme is enclosed as Annexure 18  
24.  The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company that are being transferred to Transferee 
Company on the Appointed Date 01 April 2025 and subsequently that are being demerged from the Demerged 
Company into the Resulting Company is enclosed as Annexure 19  
25.  Changes in the shareholding pattern of the Transferee Company/Demerged Company post filing of the draft 
Scheme is enclosed as Annexure 20  
26.  Applicable additional information, as prescribed in Annexure L of the stock exchange checklist in the application 
submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as advised by NSE and BSE in their observation letters dated March 16, 2026, 
and March 16, 2026 conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection are provided at Annexure 21  
27.  Independent Auditor's Certificate in relation to non-applicability of requirement given in paragraph (A)(10)(b) of 
Part I of SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/ CIR/ 2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (as amended from 
time to time) pertaining to obtaining approval of majority of public shareholders enclosed as Annexure 22  
28.  Resolution passed by the Board of Directors of all the companies involved in the Composite Scheme as Annexure 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
The Notice of the Meeting, Statement under sections 102, 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of 
the CAA Rules, SEBI Listing Regulations, read with applicable SEBI Circulars and Annexure 1 to Annexure 23 constitute a single 
and complete set of documents and should be read in conjunction with each other as they form an integral part of this 
document.  
 
The same are also hosted on the Company’s website at: https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme-of-amalgamation-arrangement   
 
The same can be accessed through the QR Code:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
4 
 
BEFORE THE HONOURABLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
CHENNAI BENCH  
CA/(CAA)/43 /2026  
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND 
THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISE, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 AND THE NATIONAL 
COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL RULES, 2016  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF  
COMPOSITE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION AND ARRANGEMENT  
AMONGST 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEROR COMPANY’ OR ‘RGML’)  
AND  
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEREE COMPANY’ OR ‘DEMERGED COMPANY’ OR ‘RIL’)  
AND  
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘RESULTING COMPANY’ OR ‘RML’)  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
In the Matter of the Companies Act, 2013 -  Section 230 to Section 232  
and 
In the Matter of:  
 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RGML’ or ‘Transferor Company’) a 
company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kott am 
High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034. RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is engaged 
in the business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel. RGML operates and manages a fleet of 
vehicles  that are deployed for passenger mobility using verified professional drivers, and a technology- driven operational 
framework (including centralised vehicle command and control centre) designed to provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
and 
 
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to ‘RIL’ or ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘Demerged 
Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies Act, 1956 and existing under Companies Act, 2013. The registered office of t he Transferee/ Demerged Company is situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kottam  
High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai -  600034, Tamil Nadu. RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & 
Coal handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has recen tly 
started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange o f 
India Limited (“NSE”) . 
 
and 
 
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a 
company incorporated on 12th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex 
Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam  High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034, Tamil Nadu. RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Refex Industries Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportat ion 
and energy solutions, including pas senger, logistics, sales, leasing, servicing, and related infrastructure using electric or other 
vehicles . 
 
  
 
  
 
 
5 
 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE SECURED CREDITORS  OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
To,  
The Secured Creditors  of   
Refex Industries Limited  
 
1. NOTICE  is hereby given that, pursuant to the directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Tribunal”) 
vide Order dated June 18, 2026 (“Tribunal Order”), a meeting of the  Secured Creditors  of RIL will be held on Wednesday, August 5, 
2026 at 11: 30 A.M (I.S.T) at the registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034 (“Meeting”) for the purpose of considering, and if thought fit, to approve 
the proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or ”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Compan y”) and their respective shareholders and creditors ("the Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of 
sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Act . 
 
2. Pursuant to the Tribunal Order and as directed therein, the Meeting will be held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026 at 11:30 A.M (I.S.T) 
at the registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034 at which time and place, the Secured Creditors of the  Transfer ee Company/ Demerged Company  
are requested to attend . 
 
3. The Scheme, if approved by the requisite majority of secured creditors of RIL as per Section 230(6) of the Act read with Regulation 
37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI Scheme Circular and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI, if any, will be su bject to 
subsequent approval of the Hon’ble Tribunal and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions from any other regulatory or 
statutory authority(ies) as may be deemed necessary.  
 
4. The Hon’ble Tribunal has appointed the undersigned as the Chairperson of the Meeting, including any adjournments thereof. Further, the Hon’ble Tribunal has appointed Mr. Kishore P as the Scrutinizer for the Meeting, including any adjournments thereof, 
to scrutinize  the voting through ballot/polling paper during the Meeting in a fair and transparent manner . 
 
5. The secured creditors  are requested to consider, and if thought fit, to pass with requisite majority the following Resolution:  
 
PROPOSED RESOLUTION FOR CONSIDERATION  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder, including the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 
2016 and the National  Company Law Tribunal Rules, 2016, the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and other 
applicable circulars i ssued by SEBI in relation to schemes of arrangement (“SEBI Scheme Circulars”), and all other applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, notifications and circulars (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the time being 
in force), and in terms of the Observation Letters issued by BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 
16,2026 respectively, and in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Refex Industries 
Limited  (“RIL” or the “Company”, also referred to as the “ Transferee Company” or the “Demerged Company”), and subject to the 
sanction of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Hon’ble Tribunal” or “NCLT”) and such other approvals,  
permissions and sanctions of the Central Government, SEBI, the Registrar of Companies, Stock Exchanges and other regulatory or governmental authorities, as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or impos ed 
by the Hon’ble Tribunal or any statutory or regulatory authority while gra nting such consents, approvals and permissions, which 
may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term shall be deemed  to 
  
 
 
6 
 
include any Committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by the Board or any person authorized by it to exercise its powers, including 
the powers conferred by this Resolution), the  Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility 
Limited (“RGML” or ”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Compan y”) and their respective shareholders and creditors ("the Scheme") , as 
annexed to the Notice convening the Meeting  of the secured creditors , be and is hereby approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient for giving effect to this Resolution and for the 
purpose of implementing  and giving effect to the Scheme and all matters connected therewith or incidental thereto, including (i ) 
accepting such modifications and/or conditions, if any, as may be required and/or imposed by the Hon’ble Tribunal or its appe llate 
authority(ies ) and/or by any regulatory or governmental authorities while sanctioning the Scheme or otherwise; (ii) settling and 
resolving any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard, including passing such accounting entries and making 
such adj ustments in the books of account as may be considered necessary; and (iii) finalizing, signing, executing and filing all 
necessary applications, petitions, affidavits, documents and writings, and doing all such acts, deeds and things as may be ne cessary 
in connection therewith, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the  secured creditors  of the Company, 
and the secured creditors  shall be deemed to have accorded their approval thereto by virtue of this Resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers conferred herein to any 
Director(s) and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit, necessary or des irable, 
for the purpose of givi ng effect to these Resolutions, without requiring any further approval from secured creditors  of RIL . 
 
6. Voting rights  of the secured creditors shall be in proportion to the outstanding amount due to RIL as on the close of business hours 
as on March 31,2026 (‘Cut-Off date ’) as per the ‘list of secured creditors’ of RIL. Only those  secured creditors  whose names  are 
recorded in the ‘list of secured creditors’  of the Company as on the Cut -Off Date will be entitled to attend and vote at the  Meeting.  
 
7. The Tribunal has appointed (a) Mr. U.K. Sirohi  to be the Chairperson of the Meeting, and (b) Mr. Kishore P, to be the Scrutinizer for 
the Meeting . 
 
8. The Resolution for approval of the Scheme shall, if passed by a majority in number representing three -fourths in value of the  secured 
creditors  of the Company  present in the Meeting  casting their votes, as aforesaid, pursuant to Section 230(6) of the Act, shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed on the date of the Meeting i.e., Wednesday, August 5, 2026 . 
 
9. The Scheme, if approved at the Meeting, will be subject to subsequent sanction of the Tribunal and such other approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of regulatory or other authorities, as may be necessary . 
 
10. A copy each of the Scheme and the Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable  
provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 along with all th e 
Annexures are enclosed herewith. A copy of this Notice and the Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying documents 
are also placed on the websites of the Company at https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme -of-amalgamation -arrangement  , NSE at 
www.nseindia.com  and BSE at www.bseindia.com . 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: July 03, 2026 
Place: Chennai  sd/- 
Mr. U.K. Sirohi  
Chairperson appointed for Meeting of the  
Secured creditor of Refex Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
7 
 
NOTES:  
 
i) Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 ('the Act') and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 is annexed to this 
Notice . 
 
ii) Secured creditors of the Company as on Cut -off Date entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy 
to attend and vote instead of himself and such proxy need not be an secured creditor of the Company. The form of proxy duly 
comple ted should, however, be deposited at the Registered Office of the Company not less than 48 (forty- eight) hours before 
the meeting. In case the secured creditor of the Company being a body corporate, the authorised representative of such body 
corporate may attend and vote at the meeting provided a certified true copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors or 
other governing body of the body corporate authorising such representative to attend and vote at the mee ting is sent to the 
Scrutinizer’s email id viz., kishoreprakash97@gmail.com  with a copy marked to the Company at its e -mail address viz. 
investor.relations@refex.co.in , not later than 48 hours before the scheduled time of the Meeting . 
 
iii) A person can act as a proxy on behalf of the Secured Creditors not exceeding fifty and holding in the aggregate not more than  
10% of the total amount of outstanding dues as on Cut -off Date of the company. A creditor holding more than 10% of the total 
amoun t of outstanding dues as on Cut -off Date of the company may appoint a single person as proxy and such person shall 
not act as a proxy for any other person or secured creditor.  
 
iv) All alterations made in the Form of Proxy should be initialed . 
 
v) A secured creditor or his proxy is requested to hand over the enclosed attendance slip, duly completed and signed as per the specimen signature(s) registered with the Company at the entrance of the meeting hall.  
 
vi) The Notice is being sent to all the Secured creditors as on cut -off date. In compliance with the NCLT Order, the Notice, together 
with the documents accompanying the same, is being sent to all the Secured creditors, electronically by e -mail to those 
Secured creditors who have registered their e -mail ids with the Transferee Company/Demerged Company. For Secured 
creditors who have not registered their E -mail ids, physical copies are being sent by permitted mode in the Tribunal Order. In 
case any Secured credi tors wishes to receive a copy of the notice they are requested to send an email to 
investor.relations@refex.co.in  and soft copy of this Notice will be provided to such Secured creditor  
 
vii) The material documents referred to in the accompanying Statement shall be open for inspection by the Secured creditors at the Registered Office of the Company on all working days up to the date of the Meeting  between 10.00 a.m. to 2.00 p.m  except 
Saturday, Sunday and Public Holidays  
 
viii) As per the Tribunal Order, the Chairman shall report the result of the Meeting to the Tribunal within 3  (three ) days of the 
conclusion of the Meeting with regard to Scheme . 
 
ix) The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or a person authorised by him, after the completion of scrutiny. The 
results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Transferee Company/Demerged Company’s website 
i.e. https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme -of-amalgamation -arrangement/  and shall also be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges where the shares of the Transferee Company/Demerged Company’s are listed and shall be displayed at the 
Registered Office along with the Scrutinizer’s Report.  
 
 
 
  
 
 
8 
 
BEFORE THE HONOURABLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
CHENNAI BENCH  
CA/(CAA)/43 /2026  
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND 
THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISE, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 AND THE NATIONAL 
COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL RULES, 2016  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF  
COMPOSITE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION AND ARRANGEMENT  
AMONGST 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEROR COMPANY’ OR ‘RGML’)  
AND  
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEREE COMPANY’ OR ‘DEMERGED COMPANY’ OR ‘RIL’)  
AND  
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘RESULTING COMPANY’ OR ‘RML’)  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
In the Matter of the Companies Act, 2013 -  Section 230 to Section 232  
and 
In the Matter of:  
 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RGML’ or ‘Transferor Company’) a 
company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kott am 
High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034. RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is engaged 
in the business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel. RGML operates and manages a fleet of 
vehicles  that are deployed for passenger mobility using verified professional drivers, and a technology- driven operational 
framework (including centralised vehicle command and control centre) designed to provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
and 
 
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to ‘RIL’ or ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘Demerged 
Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies Act, 1956 and existing under Companies Act, 2013. The registered office of t he Transferee/ Demerged Company is situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kottam  
High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai -  600034, Tamil Nadu. RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & 
Coal handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has recen tly 
started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange o f 
India Limited (“NSE”).  
 
and 
 
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a 
company incorporated on 12th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex 
Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam  High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034, Tamil Nadu. RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Refex Industries Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportat ion 
and energy solutions, including pas senger, logistics, sales, leasing, servicing, and related infrastructure using electric or other 
vehicles.  
 
 
  
 
 
9 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 102, 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 (“ACT”), RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 (“CAA 
RULES”), SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREME NTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS”) 
READ WITH THE SEBI SCHEME CIRCULARS (DEFINED BELOW), APPLICABLE CIRCULARS ISSUED BY SEBI, AND OTHER APPLICABLE 
PROVISIONS, EACH AS AMENDED AND RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME, ACCOMPANYING THE NOTICE CONVENING THE 
MEETING OF THE SECURED CREDITOR  OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (“RIL” OR “ TRANSFER EE COMPANY” OR “DEMERGED 
COMPANY” OR THE “COMPANY”) PURSUANT TO THE ORDER OF THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH, DATED JUNE 18, 2026 
 1. Meeting for the Scheme:  
 
a) Pursuant to the Order dated June 18, 2026 (“Tribunal Order”) of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai 
Bench (“Tribunal”), the Meeting of the Secured Creditor  of RIL is being convened on Wednesday, August 5, 2026  at 
11:30 A.M (I.S.T) at the registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, 
Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034 for considering, and if thought fit, approving the 
proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or 
”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulti ng Company”)  and their respective shareholders and creditors ("the 
Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Act . A copy of the 
Scheme is enclosed herewith as Annexure 1 .  
 
Capitalized terms not defined herein and used in the Notice and this Statement shall have the same meaning as 
ascribed to them in the Scheme  
 b) The Scheme inter alia, provides for:  
 
(i) Amalgamation of Refex Green Mobility Limited (or ‘Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) with Refex Industries Limited 
(‘Transferee Company’ or ‘RIL’); and  
 
(ii) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking of RIL (vested in RIL pursuant to amalgamation of RGML with 
RIL) into Refex Mobility Limited (‘Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’);  
 
(iii) The Scheme also provides for various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected herewith . 
 
The rationale and synergies  of the Scheme are given in the ensuing paragraphs,  and the detailed terms of the 
arrangement are covered in the Scheme, a copy of which is enclosed as Annexure 1 . 
 
2. Rationale and
 synergies of the Scheme:  
 
• RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & Coal handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries 
is also engaged in Green  mobility business and has recently started wind power business.  
 
• Each of the varied businesses carried on by RIL either by itself or through strategic investments in subsidiaries have 
significant potential for growth and profitability.  
 
• The nature of risk and competition, financial profiles and return ratios involved in the Ash & Coal handling business 
of RIL are distinct from Green Mobility Business presently undertaken through its wholly owned subsidiary RGML.  
  
 
 
10 
 
 
• The Green Mobility Business is capable of attracting a different set of investors, lenders, strategic partners and other 
stakeholders and have significant potential for growth and profitability. In order to unlock value for all stakeholders, 
the group plan s to have the Green Mobility Business Undertaking as a separate listed entity parallel to RIL which is 
proposed to be undertaken as follows:  
 
i) Merger of RGML into RIL;  
ii) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking (merged with RIL) into RML and independently list RML.  
  
• The following benefits shall accrue on the Scheme;  
 
(i) Creation of an independent global scale company focusing exclusively on Green Mobility Business Undertaking 
and taking advantage of the growth potential in the said respective sector;  
(ii) Enabling greater focus of management in the relevant businesses (in RIL and RML) thereby allowing new opportunities to be explored for each business efficiently and allowing a focused strategy in operations;  
(iii) Both RIL and RML can attract different sets of investors, strategic partners, lenders, and other stakeholders 
enabling independent collaboration and expansion at their end;  
(iv) Enabling investors to separately hold investments in respective businesses (either in RIL or RML) with different investment characteristics thereby enabling them to select investments which best suit their investment strategies and risk profiles;  
(v) Enabling focused and sharper capital market access (debt and equity) and thereby unlocking the value of the 
Green Mobility Business Undertaking and creating enhanced value for shareholders.  
 
The Scheme will neither impose any additional burden on the shareholders of the Transferor Company, the 
Transferee/Demerged Company, and the Resulting Company nor will it adversely affect the interest of any of the shareholders or creditors of the companie s involved in the Scheme . 
 3. Background of Companies:  
 I. Refex Green Mobility Limited (‘the Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) - PAN : AAMCR5078G  
 
(i) REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as or ‘RGML’ or ‘Transferor Company’) a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034, Tamil Nadu  (email id:  
cscompliance@refex.co.in ). RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is engaged in the 
business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel. RGML operates and manages a fleet of vehicles that are deployed for passenger mobility using verified professional drivers, and a technology -driven 
operational framework (including centralised vehicle command and control centre) designed to provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
(ii) The objects of the Transferor Company have been set out in its Memorandum of Association. The relevant objects are reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders: - 
  
 
  
 
 
11 
 
1. “To provide the business of using the ever -evolving innovations in technology landscape in order to offer 
environmentally sustainable services in the urban transportation and energy sectors. The offerings will include 
but not be limited to providing transportation services to people through electric vehicles, or through any other mode, to, among others, customers (retail and corporate), government entities, tourists, and any other customer group, and to also provide logistic services by way of using electri c vehicles or through any other mode.  
 
2. To provide sales and services to all the customer groups by its own, or taken on lease or via hired equipment 
including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among others.  
 
3. To provide technical and technological solutions, conduct research and development, and create necessary 
infrastructure for the sales and services provided by the Company.  
 
4. To enter in the business of Software designing, development, customization implementation maintenance, testing 
and benchmarking, designing, developing, and dealing in car rental, tour & travel, and to import, export, sell, 
purchase, distribute, host (in data centers or over the web) or otherwise deal in own and/or third party computer 
software packages, programs and solutions, and to provide internet and web based applications, services and solutions in the domain of car rental, transportation and travel do cumentations.  
 
5. To enter into any arrangement or agreement or contract with any person, association firm or corporation whether in India or outside for such other purpose that may seem beneficial and conducive to the objects of the Company including leasing and sub- leasin g of the equipment to be used including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among 
others.”  
 
(iii)  The Share Capital of the Transferor Company as on the date of this notice is as follows ; 
   
 
     
 
(iv) A copy of the Audited Financial Statements of the Transferor Company as at March 31, 202 6 is annexed hereto as 
Annexure 2. 
 
(v) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Transferor Company as on the date of this Notice, along with their addresses, are mentioned below;  
 
 
 
 
   Particulars  Amount (in INR)  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (8,00,00,000 Nos of . 10 each)  80,00,00,000  
Total  80,00,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares (8,00,00,000 Nos of . 10 each)  80,00,00,000  
Total  80,00,00,000  
  
 
 
12 
 
Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Pasupathinath 
Ramachandran  Additional 
Director  11520066  84 B, Marutham Mullai Apartments, Sudarshan 
Nagar Main Road, Sudharshan Nagar Bus Stop, 
Madambakkam, Kancheepuram - 600126.  
2 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Director  07331094  No.190/181, Ezhil Flats, Choolaimedu High 
Road, Choolaimedu, Chennai – 600094.  
3 Yash Jain  Director  10071416  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034.  
 
Promoters  
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Industries Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
 
(vi) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
  
(vii) Details of change in registered office during last five years - During the Financial Year 23 -24 the Company had 
changed its registered office from Ground Floor, Bascon Futura IT Park, New No 10/2, Old No 56L, Venkat Narayana 
Road, T Nagar, Chennai –  600017 to “ 2nd Floor, No.313, Refex Towers, Sterling Road, Valluvar Kottam  High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, 600034 ” with effect from November 08, 2023  
 
(viii) Amendments to the objects of the RGML during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
II. Refex Industries  Limited (‘the Transfer ee Company’  or ‘the Demerged Company’  or RIL’)- PAN:  AACCR2495P  
 
(i) REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RIL’ or ‘ the Transferee 
Company’ or ‘the Demerged Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies 
Act, 1956 and existing under Companies Act, 2013. The registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged Company is 
situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kot tam High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai 
- 600034, Tamil Nadu  (email: cscompliance@refex.co.in  ). RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & Coal 
handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has 
recently started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE  Limited (“BSE”) and the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”).  
 
(ii) The objects of the  Transferee  Company  or the Demerged Company  have been set out in its Memorandum of 
Association. The relevant objects are reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders: - 
 1. “To manufacture, fill in cylinders or tankers, store, import, export, distribute, sell or otherwise deal in industrial gases,  
refrigerant gases, coolants and gases of all kinds and description.  
 2. To manufacture, buy, sell, import, export or otherwise deal in cylinders and other accessories used in the manufacture, storage, filling and re- filling of gases of all kinds and description.  
   3. To construct, renovate, modify, improve, demolish, dispose of or otherwise deal in storage tanks used in the storage 
of gases of all kinds and description.  
  
 
 
13 
 
 
4. To engage in the business of electric power supply generation and establishment of power supply stations and sub stations and works, including running and managing them based on all forms of conventional and non- conventional 
source of energy including wind power, solar power, Thermal, Hydro, Coal and Lignite based generation among 
others and also to engage in distribution and supply of power to end users either directly by laying down of cables, 
wires and lines or through agencies, including governmental, both central government and state governments and 
local government and municipal corporations.  
 
5. To Enable, Facilitate, Initiate, Engage and carry on the business of purchase and sale of all forms of electrical Power/Energy, both conventional, nonconventional and Renewable, within India amongst Power users, Producers, State Electricity Boards, Power U tilities Generating Companies, Distribution and all other Traders including import 
and export of Electrical Power, Supply and Trading of Electrical Power/Energy across all local State Boundaries and 
Various Union Territories within the geographical borders  of the Country and also across National borders, wherein 
trading of Such Electrical Power is permitted by law of both the Buyers and Sellers country of Origin, and the 
infrastructure for carrying out such Electrical Power trading is existing and permitted.’  
 
5A.‘To Facilitate and carry on other allied services including but not limited to the sale, purchase & trading of Carbon 
Credits, CDM (Clean Development Mechanisms), ES Certs, CER (Carbon Emission Reduction), all other forms of Renewable Energy Certificate s (RE Certs) and any other Certificates to Power users within geographical borders of 
Country.’  
 
5B. ‘To carry on Consultancy services in the field of power trading, supply of electricity, and other related services to Power users, Producers, State Electricity Boards, Power Utilities Generating Companies and Distribution companies.’  
 5C. ‘To obtain a license for the development of a transparent, neutral, and automated Power Exchange and/or technology platform for the trading of electrical power.’  
 
6. To act as a contractor for installing power plants and grids on behalf of third parties or actual users.  
 
7. To engage in the business of dealers and traders in machineries, equipment’s, panels, components and systems and for all other types of materials including raw materials, intermediaries required in connection with the generation, supply and distribution o f electricity through both conventional and non- conventional means, Infrastructural projects 
relating to roads laying, building constructions, setting up of airports, seaports and Railway projects.  
 
8. To carry on the business of purchasers, promoters, developers, Vendors, builders, and real estate brokers of land and 
building sites, flats, apartments, dwelling houses, resorts, commercial complexes, offices, shops, and properties or 
building and engineer ing consultants.  
 
9. To carry on the business of buying, selling, reselling, importing, exporting, transporting, storing, developing, promoting, marketing or supplying, trading, dealing in any manner whatsoever in all type of goods on retail as well 
as on wholesale basis in India or elsewhere.  
  
   
  
 
 
14 
 
 
 10. To act as broker, trader, agent, C & F agent, shipper, commission agent, distributor, representative, franchiser, consultant, collaborator, stockist, to liaison, job worker, export house of goods, merchandise and services of all grades, specifications, des criptions, applications, modalities, fashions, including by -products, scraps or accessories 
thereof, on retail as well as on wholesale basis. ” 
 
(iii) The Share Capital of the the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  as on the date of this notice is as follows;  
     
 
 
  
 
(iv) There are no warrants or convertible securities outstanding in the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company as on the date of this notice.  
 
(v) A copy of the Audited Financial Statements of the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  as at March 31, 2026  
is annexed hereto as Annexure 3. 
 
(vi) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Tra nsferee Company or the Demerged Company as on the date of 
this Notice, along with their addresses, are mentioned below;  
 
Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Anil Jain  Managing Director  00181960  151, Habibullah Road, T. 
Nagar, Chennai – 600034  
2 Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Executive Director  07544757  New number 18,20,22, Old 
Number 26,27,28, Flat 301 -
302, Udhay Vilas, 
Padmavathiar Road, 
Gopalapuram, Chennai 
600086,  
3 Vineeth Kothari  Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  10070816  947, 11th D Road, Sardarpura, 
Jodhpur, Rajasthan –  342003  
4 Ramesh Dugar  Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  01686047  Old No. 21, New No. 47, Ethiraj 
Salai, Egmore, Chennai -  
600008  
5 Sivaramakrishnan 
Vasudevan  Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  02345708  29/6, Sri Ram Flats, Sri Ramar 
Street, Devaraja Nagar, 
Dasaratha Puram, 
Saligramam, Chennai - 600093, 
Tamil Nadu, India  Particulars  Amount (in INR)  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (47,50,00,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  95,00,00,000  
Preference Shares (5,00,000 Nos of Rs. 100 each)  5,00,00,000  
Total  100,00,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares ( 13,72,19,448 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  27,44,38,896  
Total  27,44,38,896  
  
 
 
15 
 
6 Latha Venkatesh  Non -Executive – 
Independent Director  06983347  14/52 B, Shivoham, South 
Street, Balaji Nagar, 
Chromepet, Chennai – 
600044,  
7 Susmitha Siripurapu  Non -Executive - Non -
Independent  Director  09850991  H No 4 -12-728/A, Plot No 11 
Dwaraka Mai Nagar Colony, 
Near Deer Park, 
Vanasthalipuram, 
Rangareddy, Hyderabad, 
Telangana - 500070  
 
Promoters  
  
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Holding Private 
Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
2 Ugamdevi Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
3 Tarachand Jain  Promoter  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
4 Anil Jain T  Promoter  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
5 Refex Family Trust  Promoter  67, Bazullah Road, Parthasarathy Puram,  
T Nagar, Chennai - 600017  
6 Dimple Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
7 Yash Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
 
(vii) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
 
(viii) Details of change in registered office during last five years - 
The Company changed its Registered Office on two occasions, the details of which are as follows:  
 
During the Financial Year 2022– 23, the Registered Office of the Company was shifted from 11th Floor, Bascon Futura 
IT Park, New No. 10/2, Old No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai –  600017 to Ground Floor, Bascon 
Futura IT Park, New No. 10/2, Ol d No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai –  600017.  
 
During the Financial Year 2023– 24, the Registered Office of the Company was shifted from Ground Floor, Bascon 
Futura IT Park, New No. 10/2, Old No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017 to ”2nd Floor, No. 
313, Refex Towers, Sterling Road, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu –  600034”, with 
effect from November 8, 2023.  
 
(ix) Amendments to the objects of the RIL during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
 
 
  
 
 
16 
 
III. Refex Mobility Limited (‘the Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’) -PAN:  AAPCR0401E  
 
(i) REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘Third Applicant Company’ or 
‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a company incorporated on 12th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 
having its registered office at 2nd F loor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 
600034, Tamil Nadu  (email:  refexmobilityltd@refex.co.in ). RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries 
Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportation 
and energy solutions, including passenger, logistics, sales, leasing, servicing, and rela ted infrastructure using electric 
or other vehicles . 
 
(ii) The objects of the Resulting  Company have been set out in its Memorandum of Association. The relevant objects are 
reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders  :- 
 
1. “To provide the business of using the ever -evolving innovations in technology landscape in order to offer 
environmentally sustainable services in the urban transportation and energy sectors. The offerings will include but not be limited to providing transpo rtation services to people through electric vehicles, or through any other 
mode, to, among others, customers (retail and corporate), government entities, tourists, and any other customer 
group, and to also provide logistic services by way of using electric  vehicles or through any other mode.  
 
2. To provide sales and services to all the customer groups by its own, or taken on lease or via hired equipment 
including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among others.  
 
3. To provide technical and technological solutions, conduct research and development, and create necessary 
infrastructure, for the sales and services provided by the Company.  
 
4. To enter in the business of Software designing, development, customization implementation maintenance, testing and benchmarking, designing, developing, and dealing in car rental, tour & travel, and to import, export, sell, 
purchase, distribute, host (in data centers or over the web) or otherwise deal in own and/or third party computer 
software packages, programs and solutions, and to provide internet and web based applications, services and solutions in the domain of car rental, transportation and travel do cumentations.  
 
5. To enter into any arrangement or agreement or contract with any person, association firm or corporation whether in India or outside for such other purpose that may seem beneficial and conducive to the objects of the Company 
including leasing and sub- leasin g of the equipment to be used including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among 
others ”. 
 
(iii) The Share Capital of the the Resulting  Company  as on the date of this notice is as follows;  
 
Particulars  Amount in INR  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (5,00,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  10,00,000  
Total  10,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares (50,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  1,00,000  
Total  1,00,000  
 
  
 
 
17 
 
(iv) At present, the Equity Shares of the Resulting Company are not listed on any Stock Exchange.  
 
(v) A copy of the Financial Statements of the Resulting Company March 31, 2026, is annexed hereto as Annexure 4 . 
 
(vi) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Resulting Company as on the date of this Notice, along with their 
addresses, are mentioned below;  
 
Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Pasupathinath 
Ramachandran  Additional 
Director  11520066  84 B,Marutham Mullai Apartments, 
Sudarshan Nagar Main Road, Sudharshan 
Nagar Bus Stop, Madambakkam, 
Kancheepuram - 600126  
2 Siripurapu Susmitha  Director  09850991  H No 4 -12-728/A, Plot No 11 Dwaraka Mai 
Nagar Colony, Near Deer Park, 
Vanasthalipuram, Rangareddy, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500070  
3 Yash Jain  Director  10071416  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
 
Promoters  
 
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Industries Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
 
(vii) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
 
(viii) Details of change in registered office during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
(ix) Amendments to the objects of the RML during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
4. Salient features of the Scheme:  
 
• The Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement is presented under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act amongst RGML, RIL and RML and their respective shareholders and creditors . 
 
• The Scheme, inter alia, provides for:  
 
(a) Amalgamation of Refex Green Mobility Limited (‘the Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) with Refex Industries Limited (‘the Transferee Company’ or ‘RIL’); and 
 (b) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking of RIL (vested in RIL pursuant to amalgamation of RGML with 
RIL) into Refex Mobility Limited (‘the Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’)  
 
  
 
 
18 
 
• The Appointed Date for the Scheme means 01 April 2025 or such other date as may be fixed by the National Company Law 
Tribunal or the Board of Directors (as defined hereinafter).  
 
• The “Effective Date” means upon the Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of the Scheme” means the date or last 
of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the Registrar of 
Companies at  Chennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ Demerged Company and the Resulting Company;  
 
• “Record Date” means date to be fixed by the Board of RML in consultation with RIL for the purpose of determining the equity 
shareholders of RIL for issue of equity shares, pursuant to this Scheme  
 
• Part B of the Scheme provide for Merger of RGML into RIL.  
 
• Part C of the Scheme provides for Demerger of Green Mobility Business (vested in RIL pursuant to Part B) from RIL to RML.  
 
• The Appointed Date for both the parts of the Scheme is 01 April 2025.  
 
• The Effective Date of the Scheme means the date or last of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal 
sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the Registrar of Companies at Chennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ 
Demerged Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
• The various parts of the Scheme shall be deemed to have taken effect in the following sequence:  
 
• Firstly, Part B of the Scheme (relating to amalgamation of Transferor Company into and with Transferee Company) shall be deemed to have taken effect; and  
 
• Thereafter, Part C of the Scheme (relating to demerger of Demerged Undertaking vested about in Part B from the 
Demerged Company into the Resulting Company) shall be deemed to have taken effect . 
 
• The Consideration Clause in the Scheme is as under;  
Consideration for merger (Part B of the Scheme) -Clause 15 of the Scheme:  
• The entire share capital of the Transferor Company is held by Transferee Company, in other words, the Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. Accordingly, pursuant to amalgamation of Transferor Company with Transferee Company on the Appointed Date, equity shares held by Transferee Company in 
Transferor Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished without any further act, procedure or deeds and hence, no 
new shares of the Transferee Company shall be issued and allotted to  shareholder of Transferor Company or any other 
person whatsoever in consideration.  
• The investment in the shares of the Transferor Company appearing in the books of the Transferee Company shall stand 
cancelled and extinguished without any further act, procedure or deed.  
 
  
 
  
 
 
19 
 
Consideration for demerger (Part C of the Scheme) -Clause 28 of the Scheme:  
• Upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the 
Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further application or deed, issue and allot to the 
shareholders of the Demerged Comp any whose name appears in the register of members of the Demerged Company 
as on the Record Date as may be stipulated by the Board of Directors of Resulting Company, their heirs, executors, 
administrators or the successors in title, as the case may be as may be recognized by the Board of Directors, in the following proportion viz( “Share Entitlement Ratio” ): 
Issue of shares of the Resulting Company to the Equity Shareholders of the Demerged Company:  
“1 (One) fully paid- up Equity Share of Rs.2 each of the Resulting Company shall be issued and allotted as fully paid up 
for every 1 (One) Equity Shares of Re. 2 each fully paid up held in the Demerged Company.” 
• The outstanding share warrants if any, shall be exercised and converted into equity shares at the option of the warrant holders prior to the Record Date. However, if any share warrants convertible into equity shares of the Demerged Company are outstanding on the Record Date, upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting of the Demerged 
Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further 
application or deed, issue and allot share warrants conve rtible into equity shares of the Resulting Company which are 
outstanding on the Record Date ( “Warrant Entitlement Ratio” ) (as per Clause 28.2 of the Scheme).  
Issue of warrants of the Resulting Company to the Warrant holders of the Demerged Company:  
“1 (One) Warrant of the Resulting Company shall be issued and allotted for every 1 (One) Warrant in the Demerged Company ”. 
 
• Consequently, upon the Scheme coming into effect, the Demerged Company shall without further act or deed, issue/ substitute the existing share warrants issued by the Demerged Company which are outstanding on the Record Date   
with the new share warrants co nvertible into equity shares, after making necessary adjustments to the issue price on 
account of demerger (as per Clause 28.3 of the Scheme).  
 
• The adjustments to the issue price of warrants as provided in Clause 28.2 and Clause 28.3 would be based on the net 
assets (post factoring the impact of merger under Part B of the Scheme), that are transferred to the Resulting Company.  
 
• It is also pertinent to note that, presently there are no outstanding warrants in the RIL / Transferee / Demerged 
Company.  
 
• Also ,  Clause  29 of the Scheme provides that, upon the issue of shares by the Resulting Company in accordance with Clause 
28.1 of the Scheme, the existing 50,000 Nos equity shares of INR 2/-  each of the Resulting Company held by the Demerged 
Company, as on the Effectiv e Date (as defined in the Scheme), shall without any application or deed, stand cancelled without 
any payment  
 
• All the equity shares of RML will be listed and / or admitted to trading on the BSE and NSE, which have nation- wide trading 
terminals.  
 
• The Scheme shall be effective from the Appointed Date and shall be operative from the Effective Date.  
 
  
 
 
20 
 
 
 
• The Scheme is subject to the approvals and sanctions mentioned in the Scheme . 
 
Note: The above details are only an overview of the Scheme.  Secured Creditors  are requested to read the entire text of the 
Scheme which is enclosed as Annexure 1 to get fully acquainted with the provisions thereof.  
 
5. Relationship between parties to the Scheme:  
 
RIL is the promoter and holds 100% of issued, subscribed and paid- up equity share capital of both RGML and RML. In other 
words, RGML and RML are the wholly owned subsidiaries of RIL.  
  
6. Board approvals:  
 
(i) The Board of Directors of the Transferor  Company at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 approved the scheme. The 
directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving 
the Scheme. The names of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting are set out below : 
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Voted in favour  
2 Yash Jain  Voted in favour  
3 Sachin Navtosh Jha  Voted in favour  
 
(ii) The Board of Directors of the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 
approved the scheme. The directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving the Scheme. The names of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting 
are set out below:  
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Anil Jain  Voted in favour  
2 Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Voted in favour  
3 Vineeth Kothari  Voted in favour  
4 Ramesh Dugar  Voted in favour  
5 Sivaramakrishnan 
Vasudevan  Voted in favour  
6 Latha Venkatesh  Voted in favour  
7 Susmitha Siripurapu  Voted in favour  
 
(iii) The Board of Directors of the Resulting Company at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 approved the scheme. The 
directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving the Scheme. The names  of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting are set out below:  
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Voted in favour  
2 Yash Jain  Voted in favour  
3 Susmitha Siripurapu  Voted in favour  
 
  
 
 
21 
 
 
 
7. Interest  of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel ('KMP') and their relatives : 
 
(i) None of the Directors / KMPs of the Transferee Company, Demerged Company and the Resulting Company, and their 
relatives, have any concern or interest in the Scheme except to the extent of their directorship and shareholding, if any, in  
the said companies . 
 
(ii) The entire issued, subscribed and paid- up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and Resulting Company is 
beneficially held by the Transferee/Demerged Company.  
 
8. Effect of the Scheme on the stakeholders : 
 
The effect of the Scheme on various stakeholders is summarized below:  
 
(i) Shareholders, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), Promoter and Non -Promoter Shareholders  
 
The effect of the Scheme on the Shareholders, KMPs, Promoter and Non -Promoter Shareholders of the Transferor Company, 
Transferee Company/Demerged Company and Resulting Company is given in the Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the said  companies at their Meetings held on September 22, 2025, pursuant to the provisions of Section 
232(2)(c) of the Act. The said Reports are enclosed as Annexure 5A, 5B And 5C . 
 
(ii) Directors  
 (i) The Scheme will have no effect on the office of the existing Directors of the Transferor Company, Transferee Company/  
Demerged Company and Resulting Company. Further, no change in the Board of the Directors of the Transferor 
Company, Transferee Company/ Demerged Company and Resulting Company is envisaged on account of the Scheme. 
It is clarified that the composition of th e Board of Directors of the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company may 
change by appointments, retirements or resignations in accordance with the provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations, other applicable laws, and the Memorandum and Articles of  Association of these companies . 
 
(ii) The Scheme is not expected to have any change in the Board or KMP positions of RGML up to the Effective Date, except that upon the Scheme becoming effective and RGML being dissolved without winding ‑up, the Board of RGML  shall 
stand discharged automatically under the Act and the Scheme . 
 
(iii) The effect of the Scheme on the Directors of the Transferor Company, Trans feree Company/ Demerged Company and 
the Resulting Company in their capacity as shareholders of the said companies is the same as in case of other shareholders of the said companies, as mentioned in the aforesaid Reports enclosed as Annexure 5A, 5B And 5C . 
 
(iii) Employees  
 (i) As per Part B of the Scheme ,on  the Scheme becoming effective, all employees of the Transferor Company who are 
engaged in as on the Effective Date shall be deemed to have become employees of the Transferee Company on and 
from the Effective Date, on terms and conditions of employment no less favourable than those applicable to them with 
reference to their employment in the Transferor Company, and without any interruption of service, as provided in 
Clause 7 of the Scheme.  
  
 
 
22 
 
 
(ii) Post giving effect to Part B of the Scheme, under Part C of the Scheme, all employees of the Demerged Company who 
are engaged in or relate to the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking as on the Effective Date shall be deemed to have beco me employees of the Resulting Company on and from the Effective on terms and 
conditions of employment no less favourable than those applicable to them with reference to their employment in the 
Demerged Company, and without any interruption of service, as provided in Clause 21 of the Scheme.  
 
(iv) Creditors  
 
(i) The amalgamation of the Transferor Company (RGML) with the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company (RIL) under Part B of the Scheme, shall not adversely impact the rights and interests of the creditors of either the Transferor 
Company or the Transferee Co mpany/ the Demerged Company.  
 
(ii) Upon the amalgamation becoming effective, the creditors of the Transferor Company (RGML) shall cease to be creditors of RGML and shall become creditors of the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company (RIL) on the same terms and 
conditions as previously applicable. Such creditors shall be paid by the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company (RIL) in the ordinary course of business.  
 
(iii) Post giving effect to Part B of the Scheme, the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking from the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company under Part C of the Scheme shall not adversely impact the rights and interests of the creditors of the Demerged Company or the Resulting Company.  
 
(iv) The creditors of the Demerged Company who do not form part of the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking shall continue as creditors of the Demerged Company and shall be paid by the Demerged Company in the ordinary course of business.  
 
(v) The creditors of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business 
Undertaking shall cease to be creditors of the Demerged Company and shall become creditors of the Resulting Company 
on the same terms and conditions as pre viously applicable. Such creditors shall be paid by the Resulting Company in 
the ordinary course of business . 
 
(v) Debenture holders, Debenture Trustees, Depositors and Deposit Trustees  
 As of the date of the notice, RGML, RIL, and RML have no outstanding debentures and have not accepted any public deposits. 
Consequently, there are no debenture holders, debenture trustees, depositors, or deposit trustees associated with the 
applicant compa nies.  
 
9. No investigation proceedings:  
 
There are no proceedings pending under Sections 210 to 227 of the Act against the Transferor Company, Transferee 
Company/Demerged Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
10. Amount due to creditors:  
 
(i) The respective amounts due to Unsecured creditors as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:  
 
  
 
 
23 
 
Amount  (in Rs.)  
S.No  Company  Unsecured Creditors  
1 Transferor Company (RGML)  88,41,31,937.14  
2 Transferee Company/Demerged Company (RIL)       3,47,67,69,639.00  
3 Resulting Company (RML)  88,140  
 
(ii) The respective amounts due to Secured creditors as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:  
Amount  (in Rs.)  
S.No  Company  Secured Creditors  
1 Transferor Company (RGML)  64,92,18,000  
2 Transferee Company/Demerged Company (RIL)  1,58,90,59,414.00  
3 Resulting Company (RML)  0.00  
 
(iii) The Scheme embodies the arrangement between the Applicant Companies and their respective shareholders and creditors. No change in value or terms or any compromise or arrangement is proposed under the Scheme with any of the creditors of the Applicant Companies. Since there is no compromise or arrangement with them and their rights are 
not affected by the Scheme in any manner. The Scheme does not involve any debt restructuring and hence, the 
requirement to disclose details of debt restructuring is not applica ble. 
 
11. Summary of Share entitlement Ratio Report and Fairness Opinion   (i) The Registered Valuer has carried out the valuation in accordance with the ICAI Valuation Standards, 2018,as on September 22, 2025.  
 
(ii) As mentioned in the Valuation Report, the share exchange, share entitlement and warrant entitlement ratio with respect to the Scheme has been determined as follows:  
 Part B of the Scheme –  Merger of RGML with RIL : 
 
RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of RIL and pursuant to the amalgamation of RGML with RIL on the Appointed date, the entire paid -up share capital held by RIL in RGML shall stand cancelled and extinguished and hence, no new equity 
shares of RIL shall be is sued and allotted to shareholders of RGML.  
 
Part C of the Scheme –  Demerger of ‘Green Mobility Business Undertaking’ of RIL into RML (post amalgamation of RGML 
with RIL)  
 
In consideration for the proposed demerger (post amalgamation of RGML with RIL), RML would issue equity shares to the equity shareholders and warrants to the warrant holders of RIL.  
 
The following parameters have been considered while arriving at the equity share entitlement ratio and warrant 
entitlement ratio;  
• Easily comprehensible to the shareholders;  
• No fractional entitlements; and  
• Future equity servicing capacity of RML i.e. payment of dividend to shareholders in future.  
 
 
  
 
 
24 
 
As per the Scheme, the outstanding share warrants if any, shall be exercised and converted into equity shares at the 
option of the warrant holders prior to the Record Date. However, if any share warrants convertible into equity shares of the Demerged Compa ny are outstanding on the Record Date, upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting 
of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further application or deed, issue and allot s hare warrants convertible into one equity share of the Resulting 
Company for each warrant which are outstanding on the Record Date. The adjustments to the issue price of warrants 
would be based on the net assets (post factoring the impact of Amalgamation of RGML with RIL) that are transferred 
to the Resulting Company.  
 Post the proposed demerger all the shareholders and warrant holders of RIL are and will be the ultimate beneficial owners of RML in the same ratio (inter se) as they hold shares and warrants in RIL. Therefore, no relative valuation of 
Green Mobility Busine ss Undertaking of RIL and of RML is required to be undertaken for the proposed demerger. 
Accordingly, valuation approaches as indicated in the format such as Asset Approach, Income Approach, and Market 
Approach as prescribed by circular number NSE/CML/2017 /12 of NSE and LIST/COMP/02/2017- 18 of BSE have not been 
undertaken as they are not relevant in the instant case.  
 
(iii) As mentioned in the Valuation Report,
 the Boards of the respective Companies have approved the Share Entitlement 
Ratio of 1:1, based on the valuation report issued by Registered Valuer  M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(hereinafter referred to as ‘Registered Valuer’) having Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/06/2020/126 and fairness  opinion 
report issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited an independent SEBI registered Merchant Banker  dated September 
22, 2025 (Enclosed as Annexure 6 and 7  respectively) . 
 
12. Auditor’s Certificates of Conformity of Accounting treatment in the Scheme with the Accounting Standards  
 
The respective Statutory Auditors of the respective companies have confirmed that the accounting treatment specified in 
the Scheme is in conformity with the Ind AS and generally accepted accounting principles in India.  A copy of the said 
certificates have been enclosed as Annexure 8A, 8B and 8C . 
 
13. Appointed date, Effective date, Record date:  
 
(i) Appointed Date : The Appointed Date for the Scheme means 01 April 2025 or such other date as may be fixed by the National 
Company Law Tribunal or the Board of Directors.  
 
(ii) Effective Date: The Effective Date means upon the Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of the Scheme” means the 
date or last of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the 
Registrar of Companies at C hennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ Demerged Company and the Resulting 
Company  
 
(iii) Record Date: The Record Date means date to be fixed by the Board of RML in consultation with RIL for the purpose of determining the equity shareholders of RIL for issue of equity shares, pursuant to this Scheme.  
    
 
  
 
 
25 
 
14. No-objection of the Stock E xchanges : 
 
(i) The Transferee Company had filed the Composite Scheme of Arrangement with NSE and BSE in terms of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD ‑2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (“SEBI 
Circular”) for their no ‑objection for filing the Scheme with NCLT.BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, vide their respective letters dated March  16, 2026 and March  16, 2026, have granted their no ‑objection to the 
said Scheme.  Copies of the said letters issued by the Stock Exchanges to the Transferee/Demerged  are enclosed as 
Annexure  9 and Annexure 10 , respectively . 
 
(ii) Apart from the same, the Transferee Company had also submitted the Report of its Audit Committee and Report of the 
committee of Independent Directors (enclosed as Annexure 11 and 12)  on the Scheme and various other documents 
to the Stock Exchanges, and has also displayed the same on its website in terms of the SEBI Circular and addressed all 
queries on the said documents. The same is available at https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme -of-amalgamation -
arrangement/ . 
 
(iii) Further, the Transferee Company did not receive any complaint relating to the Scheme, and ‘Nil’ Complaint Reports 
were filed by the Transferee Company with the Stock Exchanges in terms of the SEBI Circular, copies of which are 
enclosed as Annexure 13 (BSE) and Annexure 14 (NSE) , respectively.  
 
15. List of ongoing proceedings or investigations against the respective Companies:  
 
The details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement actions taken against the Applicant Companies, its directors and promoters as on June 16, 2026 is enclosed as Annexure - 15.  
 
16. Cost benefit analysis of the Scheme:  
  
Although the Scheme involves certain costs such as transaction costs, implementation cost, regulatory fees, stamp duties, etc. However , the benefits of the Scheme over a longer period would far outweigh such costs for the stakeholders of the 
Company entailing benefits specified in Paragraph 2  above.  
 
17. In relation to the comments set out by SEBI in the Observation Letters, the information required to be disclosed by RIL in 
this notice is as under:  
S.No  Remarks /Particulars  in the Observation 
Letter  Information required to be disclosed  
1.  The listed entity shall ensure that it discloses 
all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all 
other enforcement action taken, if any, against 
the Company, its promoters and directors, 
before Hon'ble NCLT and sha reholders, while 
seeking approval of the scheme  Details of material ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecutions initiated and all other material 
enforcement action taken against RIL, its promoters and 
directors, as applicable, are enclosed herewith. The details in 
respect of the aforesaid for RIL, its promoters and directors as on June 16, 2026, are enclosed herewith as Annexure 15 . 
It is clarified that there  are no ongoing 
adjudication & 
recovery proceedings, prosecutions  or enforcement actions 
taken against RIL , its promoters , directors , or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Applicant Companies, acting in such 
capacities, except as otherwise stated above, that would 
have an adverse impact on this Scheme or its 
implementation . 
  
 
 
26 
 
2.  The listed Company shall ensure that the 
information pertaining to all the Unlisted 
Companies involved, if any, involved in the 
scheme shall be included in the format 
specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR 
Regula tions, 2018, in the explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying 
resolution to be passed, which is sent to the 
shareholders for seeking approval  Information relating to the unlisted companies involved in 
the Scheme, namely RGML and RML, in the format 
prescribed for an abridged prospectus under Part E of 
Schedule VI of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, read w ith the SEBI Scheme 
Circular, is enclosed as Annexure 16A  (“Abridged Prospectus 
– RGML”) and Annexure 16B  (“Abridged Prospectus –  RML”), 
respectively.  M/s 3Dimension Capital Services Limited,  an 
Independent SEBI -registered merchant banker (SEBI 
Registration No. MB/INM000012528 ), has issued certificate 
confirming the accuracy and adequacy of the information contained in the aforesaid abridged prospectus of RGML and 
RML. The certificate is attached in Annexure 17.  
3.  Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and 
revenue of the companies involved, pre and 
post scheme  The details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the 
companies as submitted with NSE and BSE while obtaining 
their no objection to the Scheme is enclosed as Annexure 18  
4.  Impact of scheme on revenue generating 
capacity of listed entity  • The Scheme is not anticipated to adversely affect the 
revenue- generating capacity of the 
Transferee/Demerged Company.  
 
• All assets and liabilities transferred to the Transferee 
Company pursuant to the merger under Part B of the 
Scheme are subsequently proposed to be demerged into 
the Resulting Company under Part C of the Scheme. 
Hence it does not affect the revenue generati ng capacity 
of the listed company (i.e., RIL).  
 
• Further, as outlined in Point 2 of Paragraph 4.5 of the 
Scheme, one of the key benefits envisaged is enhanced 
managerial focus on the relevant business segments of 
RIL following the implementation of the Scheme.  
5.  Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies 
of business of the companies involved in the  
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the 
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the 
scheme.  The need and rationale for the scheme, the business 
synergies between the companies involved, the impact on 
shareholders, and the cost –benefit analysis have been 
detailed in the report adopted by the Board of Directors of 
the Transferee Company/Demerged Co mpany in its report 
dated September 22, 2025. A copy of the said report is 
enclosed as Annexure 5B . 
6.  Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor 
Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company . The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Transferor 
Company that are being transferred to Transferee Company on the Appointed Date 01 April 2025 is enclosed as Annexure 
19. 
7.  Value of assets and liabilities of Demerged 
Company that are being transferred to  
Resultant Company.  The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Demerged 
Company that are being transferred to Resulting Company on the Appointed Date 01 April 2025 is enclosed as Annexure 
19. 
8.  Latest financials of Transferor, Transferee and 
Resulting companies should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the 
explanatory statement.  The details of latest Financials of RGML, RIL and RML  as on 
March 31,2026 have been attached as Annexure 2,3,4.  
  
 
 
27 
 
9.  Revised shareholding pattern of Transferor, 
Transferee and Resulting companies Pre and 
Post -Scheme.  The shareholding pattern of the respective companies as on 
the date of this notice is provided as under;  
 
RGML/Transferor Company:  
 
• Pre Scheme - The Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Transferee Company.  
 
• Post Scheme - Post the merger under Part B, the 
Transferor Company ceases to exist the, hence the post 
scheme shareholding pattern is not applicable.  
 RIL/Transferee/Demerged Company:  
 
Pre Scheme shareholding pattern of the 
Transferee/Demerged Company:  
 
Category  No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 
each  Paid up share 
capital in INR  % of 
equity 
shares  
Promoter and 
Promoter group  7,66,23,085  15,32,46,170  55.84%  
Public  6,05,96,363  12,11,92,726  44.16%  
Total  13,72,19,448  27,44,38,896  100%  
 
Post Scheme shareholding pattern of the 
Transferee/Demerged company:  
 
Category  No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 
each  Paid up share 
capital in INR  % of 
equity shares 
Promoter and 
Promoter group  7,66,23,085  15,32,46,170  55.84%  
Public  6,05,96,363  12,11,92,726  44.16%  
Total  13,72,19,448  27,44,38,896  100%  
 
Note: The pre and post Scheme shareholding is indicative and based 
on the current shareholding as on date. However, it is subject to 
change based on the shareholding as on the Record Date (as defined 
in the Scheme) . 
 
RML/Resulting Company:  
 Pre scheme shareholding pattern of Resulting Company:  
 
Category  No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 
each  Paid up 
share 
capital in 
INR % of equity 
shares 
Promoter and 
Promoter group  50,000*  1,00,000  100%  
Public  - - - 
Total  50,000  1,00,000  100%  
 
 10.  Pre and Post scheme shareholding of 
Transferor, Transferee and Resulting 
companies as on the date of notice of 
Shareholders meeting along with rationale for 
changes, if any, occurred between filing of 
Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
  
 
 
28 
 
*including  6 (six) equity shares held by the Demerged 
Company through its nominee holders.  
 
Post scheme shareholding pattern of Resulting Company:  
 
Category  No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 
each  Paid up share 
capital in INR  % of 
equity shares 
Promoter and 
Promoter group  7,66,23,085  15,32,46,170  55.84%  
Public  6,05,96,363  12,11,92,726  44.16%  
Total  13,72,19,448  27,44,38,896  100%  
 
Note: The pre and post Scheme shareholding is indicative and based 
on the current shareholding as on date. However, it is subject to 
change based on the shareholding as on the Record Date (as defined 
in the Scheme) . 
 
*The existing shareholding held by the Demerged Company in the 
Resulting Company will be cancelled pursuant to Clause 29 of the 
Scheme.  
 
There have been no changes in the shareholding patterns of 
RGML (Transferor Company) and RML (Resulting Company) 
from the date of filing of the Scheme up to the present date. 
For the Transferee/Demerged Company/RIL, a separate note 
of the shareholding patt ern along with the changes therein 
post the time of filing of the scheme is provided in Annexure 
20. 
11.  Disclose all pending actions against the 
entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible 
impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders.  The details pending action against the applicant companies 
and its directors and promoters is enclosed as Annexure 15 . 
12.  The Company shall ensure that applicable 
additional information, if any to be submitted 
to SEBI along with draft scheme of 
arrangement as advised by email dated 
September 21, 2023 shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders.  The applicable additional information, as prescribed in 
Annexure L of the stock exchange checklist in the application submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as  
advised by NSE and BSE in their 
observation letters dated March 16, 2026, and March 16, 
2026 conveying their no adverse observations/no -objection 
are provided at Annexure 21.  
  
18. Approvals and intimations in relation to the Scheme : 
 
(i) The details of approvals and no objections required for the proposed arrangement are mentioned in Clause 33 of Part 
D of the Scheme. Stock Exchanges have since given their no -objection to the Scheme as mentioned in the preceding 
paragraph. Further, all equity shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Resulting Company have given their consent to the Scheme, and therefore, the Tribunal has dispensed with the meeting of the shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
  
 
 
29 
 
(ii) It is also submitted that separately,  the meeting of the equity shareholders  and unsecured creditors  of RIL/Transfer ee 
Company will be convened for their approval to the Scheme.   
 
(iii) It is also submitted that separately, the meeting of the secured creditors and unsecured creditors of RGML/Transferor 
Company will be convened for their approval to the Scheme.   
 
(iv) With respect to RML, the Tribunal has dispensed with the requirement for convening the meeting of secured creditors and unsecured creditors.  
 
(v) The companies are in the process of obtaining other approvals and no objections from regulatory and/or government 
authorities, as required under Clause 33 of the Scheme.  
 
(vi) The Scheme, if approved at this Meeting, will be subject to subsequent sanction of the Tribunal and such other 
approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of regulatory or other authorities, as may be necessary . 
 
19. Inspection of Documents:  
 
In addition to the documents annexed hereto, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection through 
electronic mode on the Company's corporate website at Refex Scheme and also at the Registered Office of the Transferee/ 
Demerged Company between 10.00 a.m. to 2.00 p.m. on any working day up to the date of the Meeting, for which purpose Shareholders are required to send an e -mail to the Company Secretary at  investor.relations@refex.co.in . 
 (i) Copy of the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement;  
(ii) Copy of the Order dated June 18,  2026 passed by the Tribunal in the Company Scheme Application No. C.A.(CAA)/41, 
42 and 43/CHE/2026;  
(iii) Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Transferor Company, Transferee /Demerged Company and Resulting Company ; 
(iv) Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Transfer or Company  for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026;  
(v) Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Transferee /Demerged Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026;  
(vi) Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Resulting Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026;  
(vii) Certificates from the respective Statutory Auditors of the respective companies confirming that the accounting 
treatment specified in the Scheme is in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Act; 
(viii) Reports of the Audit Committee and the Independent Directors Committee of the Transferee/Demerged Company dated September 22, 2025 recommending the Scheme;  
(ix) Share entitlement ratio report dated September 22, 2025, issued by, M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants Registered Valuer (with IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV- E/06/2020/126);  
(x) Fairness opinion dated September 22, 2025, issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited, an Independent Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000012315);  
(xi) Copy of the No -objection certificate received from the Stock exchange dated March 16, 2026.  
   
 
  
 
 
30 
 
Secured creditors  can also obtain extract(s) from,  or copy(ies ) of the documents listed above.  
 
Based on the above, and considering the rationale and benefits, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, the Scheme will be of advantage to, beneficial and in the best interests of the companies and their respective shareholders, creditors, employees and other stakeholders, and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable. The Board of Directors of the Transferee/ Demerged 
Company recommends the Scheme for the approval of its S ecured creditors . 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: July 03, 2026  
Place: Chennai  sd/- 
U.K. Sirohi  
Chairperson appointed for Meeting of the  
Secured creditor of Refex Industries Limited  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
31 
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP  
 
In the matter of Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or 
“Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex 
Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Company”) and their respective shareholders and creditors.   I/We hereby record my/our presence at the meeting of the Secured Creditors of the Transferee Company/Demerged Company, held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026  at 11:30 A.M (I.S.T) at the registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged 
Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034 . 
 
Name of the Secured Creditor (In Block letters)   
Registered address   
Signature   
Email ID   
Name of the Proxy/Authorized Representative (In Block 
letters)   
Signature of the Secured Creditor / Authorized 
Representative of the Secured Creditor/ Proxy   
 
Notes:  
1. Only Secured Creditors would be allowed to attend the Meeting. No Minors would be allowed at the Meeting.  
2. The Secured Creditors, Proxy Holder or the Authorised Representative attending the Meeting must bring this attendance 
slip to the Meeting and hand over at the entrance duly signed for admission to the m eeting hall.  
3. The Secured Creditor, Proxy Holder or the Authorised Representative are requested to bring their copy of Notice at the 
Meeting.  
4. The authorised representative of a body corporate which is a Secured Creditor of the Company must bring a certified  
5. true copy of the Resolution of the Board Meeting authorising such representative to attend and vote at the said Meeting.  
6. BR / Authority Letter with attached specimen sign to be deposited not later than 48 hours before commencement of 
meeting.  
 
  
 
 
32 
 
Form No. MGT -11 
 
FORM OF PROXY  
[Pursuant to section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,  
2014]  
 
Name of the Secured Creditor : ________________________  
 
Registered Address : ________________  
 
Email Id: _____________  
 
Value of debt as on March 31, 2026 ____________________  
 I/ We, being the Secured Creditor of Refex Industries Limited, being the Transferee /Demerged Company, do hereby appoint  
 
1. Name   
 Address   
 E-mail Id   
 Signature: ………..  
 
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the NCLT convened Meeting of the Secured Cre ditors 
of the Transfer ee Company / Demerged Company  to be held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026 at 11:30 A.M (I.S.T) at the registered office 
of the Transferee/ Demerged Company at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034 
in respect of such resolution as is indicat ed below:  
 
Resolution 
No Description  Vote (Optional) (Please put a (a) mark)  
For Against  
1 Approval of Composite Scheme of Amalgamation 
and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility 
Limited (“Transferor Company”) and Refex 
Industries Limited (“Transferee Company/ 
Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“Resulting Company”) and their Respec tive 
Shareholders and Creditors    
 
Signed this _________ day of ______________, 2026  
 
Signature of Secured Creditor with Stamp: ______________  
 
Notes:  
1. This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the Transferee 
Company/Demerged Company, not less than 48 hours before the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting.  
2. Corporate Secured Creditors intending to send their authorised representative(s) to attend the Meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution authorising their representative(s) to attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting.  
3. All alterations made in the form of proxy should be initialled  
4. Please affix revenue stamp not less than Re.1 before putting signature.  
5. In case of multiple proxies, the proxy later in time shall be accepted.  
6. Proxy need not be a Secured Creditor of the Transferee Company/Demerged Company.  
7. No person shall be appointed as a proxy who is a minor.  
8. It is optional to indicate your preference. If you leave the for and against column blank against any or all resolutions, you r proxy 
will be entitled to vote in the manner as he/she may think appropriate.  
 
  
 
 
33 
 
Route Map  
 
Refex Towers, Sterling Road Signal, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Rd, Nungambakkam, Chennai, Greater Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
600034 from Chenni Central Railway : 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
    
 