 
 
  
July 03, 2026  
 
 To 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: NoƟce convening the mee Ɵng of the Equity Shareholders of Refex Industries Limited with respect to the 
composite scheme of Amalgama Ɵon and Arrangement amongst Refex Geen Mobility Limited (‘Transferor 
Company’) and Refex Industries Limited (‘Transferee Company/ Demerged Company’) and Refex Mobility 
Limited (‘Resul Ɵng Company’) and their respec Ɵve shareholders and creditors (‘Scheme’) under Sec Ɵons 230 to 
232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules and/or regula Ɵons framed 
thereunder  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regula Ɵon 30 of the Securi Ɵes and Exchange Board of India (Lis Ɵng Obliga Ɵons and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regula Ɵons, 2015 (“SEBI Lis Ɵng Regula Ɵons”)   
 
This is with reference to our earlier in ƟmaƟon dated June 24, 2026, regarding the pronouncement of Order by the 
Hon’ble Na Ɵonal Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench ( ‘Hon’ble NCLT’ ), for convening of the respec Ɵve meeƟngs 
of the (a) Equity Shareholders; (b) Secured Creditors and (c) Unsecured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited on 
August 05, 2026, for the purpose of considering and, if thought ﬁt, approving with or without modiﬁca Ɵon(s) the 
amalgama Ɵon and arrangement embodied in the Scheme.  
 
Pursuant to the said order, we wish to inform you that, as per the direc Ɵons of the Hon’ble NCLT, the mee Ɵng of 
the Equity shareholders of Refex Industries Limited is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 
11:00 A.M. (IST),  through Video Conferencing ( ‘VC’)/ Other Audio Visual Means ( ‘OAVM’). 
 
 
The NoƟce convening the aforesaid mee Ɵng of the Equity Shareholders of Refex Industries Limited, together with 
the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Sec Ɵons 102, 230, 232 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgama Ɵons) 
Rules, 2016, the SEBI (Lis Ɵng Obliga Ɵons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula Ɵons, 2015, and other applicable 
circulars issued by SEBI, read with the Observa Ɵon LeƩers issued by the Stock Exchanges, is enclosed herewith.  
 
Key Informa Ɵon pertaining to the Mee Ɵng: 
ParƟculars Details 
Date and Ɵme of the mee Ɵng Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 11.00 AM (IST)  
Mode Video-Conference/ Other Audio-Visual Means  
Cut-oﬀ date for Remote E-Vo Ɵng/ E-VoƟng and a Ʃending the 
MeeƟng Friday, July 31, 2026  
E-voƟng start Ɵme and date  Sunday, August 02, 2026 at 09:00 AM (IST)  
E-voƟng end Ɵme and date  Tuesday, August 04, 2026 at 05:00 PM (IST)  
 BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 532884  NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400051   
Symbol: REFEX  
 
 
  
 
Further this is to inform you that, the Company had engaged the services of Central Depository Services Limited 
(“CDSL”) for facilita Ɵng the E-Vo Ɵng Process.  
 
The noƟce is being sent through electronic mode to those equity shareholders whose email addresses are 
registered with the Company/ Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depositories / Depository Par Ɵcipants as on  
Friday, June 26, 2026 (“ Cut-oﬀ date for sending no Ɵce”). 
 
Only those equity shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members / Register of Beneﬁcial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, July 31, 2026  has been ﬁxed as the Cut-Oﬀ date  for purpose of  
e-voƟng / aƩending the mee Ɵng. 
 
Equity Shareholders who have not updated their email addresses as aforesaid, thereby not being in receipt of the 
NoƟce, are requested to update their email addresses with their respec Ɵve depository par Ɵcipants / RTA. 
Furthermore, equity shareholders are requested to carefully read the detailed instruc Ɵons on vo Ɵng either through 
CDSL’s e-vo Ɵng facility.  
 
This NoƟce along with Explanatory Statement and annexures thereto, are hosted on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://refex.co.in/investors/scheme-of-amalgama Ɵon-arrangement  . 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
Yours Sincerely  
For and on behalf of Refex Industries Limited  
  
  
 
Ankit Poddar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer  
Membership No: A-25443  
 
 
1 
  
 
 
 
 
Refex Industries Limited 
Registered Office:  2nd Floor, Refex Towers, Sterling Road Signal, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road,  
Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600 034, Tamil Nadu, India 
Tel: +91 44 43405900 | Website: www.refex.co.in | E-mail: cscompliance@refex.co.in 
(CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) 
 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED (PURSUANT TO THE ORDER 
DATED JUNE 18, 2026, OF THE HON'BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH): 
 
MEETING DETAILS 
Day Wednesday 
Date August 5, 2026 
Time 11:00 A.M 
Mode of Meeting Through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual (“VC/OAVM”) 
Cut-off date for e-voting Friday, July 31, 2026 
Remote e-voting start date and 
time Sunday, August 02, 2026 at 9.00 A.M. (I.S.T) 
Remote e-voting end date and 
time Tuesday, August 04, 2026 at 5.00 P.M (I.S.T) 
 
 
S.No Contents 
1.  Notice convening meeting of the equity shareholders of Refex Industries Limited (“RIL”/ “the Company”) 
under Section(s) 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rule 6 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“CAA Rules”) (“Notice”) 
2.  Explanatory Statement in terms of Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act read with Rule 6 of the CAA Rules, Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with 
applicable circulars issued by Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) 
3.  
 Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or 
”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged 
Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Company”) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors ("the Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions 
of the Act as Annexure 1  
4.  Audited Financial Statements of RGML/Transferor for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 enclosed as 
Annexure 2  
5.  Audited Financial Statements of RIL for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 enclosed as Annexure 3  
6.  Audited Financial Statements of RML from the date of its incorporation, i.e., September 12, 2025, up to 
March 31, 2026 by Statutory Auditor of RML enclosed as Annexure 4  
7.  Report of the Board of Directors of RGML dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5A  
8.  Report of the Board of Directors of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5B  
9.  Report of the Board of Directors of RML dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 5C  
10.  Share entitlement ratio report dated September 22, 2025, issued by, M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered 
Accountants Registered Valuer (with IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV-E/06/2020/126), enclosed as  
Annexure 6 
11.  Fairness opinion dated September 22, 2025, issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited, an Independent 
Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000012315), enclosed as Annexure 7  

 
2 
 S.No Contents 
12.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
No. 016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RGML, certifying that  the accounting treatment proposed in the 
Scheme is in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and 
applicable rules thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8A . 
13.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
No. 016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RIL, certifying that  the accounting treatment proposed in the 
Scheme is in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and 
applicable rules thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8B. 
14.  Certificate dated September 22, 2025, issued by A B C D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
No. 016415S), the Statutory Auditors of RML, certifying that the accounting treatment proposed in the 
Scheme is in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act and 
applicable rules thereunder, enclosed as Annexure 8C  
15.  Observation letter from BSE dated March 16, 2026, conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection 
for filing the Scheme with National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), enclosed as Annexure 9  
16.  Observation letter from NSE dated March 16, 2026, conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection 
for filing the Scheme with NCLT, enclosed as Annexure 10  
 Report of the Audit Committee of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 11  
17.  Report of the Committee of Independent Directors of RIL dated September 22, 2025, enclosed as Annexure 
12 
18.  Certified true copy of the Report on Complaints submitted to the BSE Limited (“BSE”), enclosed as Annexure 
13 
19.  Certified true copy of the Report on Complaints submitted to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), enclosed as Annexure 14 
20.  Details of material ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecutions initiated, and all other 
material enforcement action taken if any, against RIL, its Promoters and Directors, as applicable, enclosed 
as Annexure 15  
21.  Information pertaining to the unlisted companies involved in the Scheme, i.e. RGML & RML, in the format 
prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in Part E of Schedule VI of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 read with relevant SEBI Scheme Circulars, enclosed as 
Annexure 16A  (“Abridged Prospectus-RGML”) and Annexure 16B  (“Abridged Prospectus - RML”), 
respectively. 
22.  Certificate issued by M/s 3Dimension Capital Services Limited, a category I Independent Merchant Banker 
(SEBI Registration No. MB/INM000012528), certifying the accuracy and adequacy of the information in the 
Abridged Prospectus 1 and Abridged Prospectus 2, enclosed as Annexure 17  
23.  The details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies as submitted with NSE and BSE 
while obtaining their no objection to the Scheme is enclosed as Annexure 18  
24.  The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company on the Appointed Date 01 April 2025 and subsequently that are being demerged from 
the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company is enclosed as Annexure 19  
25.  Changes in the shareholding pattern of the Transferee Company/Demerged Company post filing of the draft 
Scheme is enclosed as Annexure 20  
26.  Applicable additional information, as prescribed in Annexure L of the stock exchange checklist in the 
application submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as advised by NSE and BSE in their observation letters dated 
March 16, 2026, and March 16, 2026 conveying their no adverse observations/no-objection are provided 
at Annexure 21  
27.  Independent Auditor's Certificate in relation to non-applicability of requirement given in paragraph 
(A)(10)(b) of Part I of SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/ CIR/ 2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (as 
amended from time to time) pertaining to obtaining approval of majority of public shareholders enclosed 
as Annexure 22  
28.  Resolution passed by the Board of Directors of all the companies involved in the Composite Scheme as 
Annexure 23 
 
3 
 
 
 
The Notice of the Meeting, Statement under sections 102, 230 to  232 and other applicable provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of 
the CAA Rules, SEBI Listing Regulations, read with applicable SEBI Circulars and Annexure 1 to Annexure 23 constitute a single 
and complete set of documents and should be read in conjunction with each other as they form an integral part of this 
document.  
 
The same are also hosted on the Company’s website at: https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme-of-amalgamation-arrangement   
 
The same can be accessed through the QR Code:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
4 
 
     BEFORE THE HONOURABLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
CHENNAI BENCH  
CA/(CAA)/43 /2026  
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND THE 
COMPANIES (COMPROMISE, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 AND THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW 
TRIBUNAL RULES, 2016  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF  
COMPOSITE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION AND ARRANGEMENT  
AMONGST  
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEROR COMPANY’ OR ‘RGML’)  
AND  
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEREE COMPANY’ OR ‘DEMERGED COMPANY’ OR ‘RIL’)  
AND  
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘RESULTING COMPANY’ OR ‘RML’)  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
In the Matter of the Companies Act, 2013 -  Section 230 to Section 232  
and 
In the Matter of:  
 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RGML’ or ‘Transferor Company’) a 
company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kott am 
High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034. RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is engaged 
in the business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel. RGML operates and manages a fleet of 
vehicles that are deployed for passenger mobi lity using verified professional drivers, and a technology -driven operational 
framework (including centralised vehicle command and control centre) designed to provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
and 
 
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to ‘RIL’ or ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘Demerged 
Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies Act, 1956 and existing under Companies 
Act, 2013. The registered office of t he Transferee/ Demerged Company is situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kottam 
High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai -  600034, Tamil Nadu. RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & 
Coal handling amongst other activiti es. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has recently 
started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange o f 
India Limited (“NSE”) . 
 
and 
 
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a 
company incorporated on 12th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034, Tamil Nadu. RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Refex Industries Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportat ion 
and energy solutions, including passenger, logi stics, sales, leasing, servicing, and related infrastructure using electric or other 
vehicles . 
 
 
  
 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
NOTICE CONVENING MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
To,  
The Equity Shareholders of   
Refex Industries Limited  
 1. NOTICE  is hereby given that, pursuant to the directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Tribunal”) 
vide Order dated June 18, 2026 (“Tribunal Order”), a meeting of the Equity Shareholders of RIL will be held on Wednesday, August 
5, 2026  at 11:00 A.M (I.S.T) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) (“Meeting”) for the purpose of 
considering, and if thought fit, to approve the proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or ”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Compan y”) and their respective shareholders and creditors 
("the Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Act . 
 
2. Pursuant to the Tribunal Order and as directed therein, the Meeting will be held through VC/OAVM, in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Circulars issued thereunder, and the Securities and Exchang e 
Board of  India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with the SEBI 
master circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (“SEBI Scheme Circular”), and any other applicable 
circulars issued by SEBI and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings as issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(“SS-2”), each as amended and restated from time to time to consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution for approval 
of the Scheme by requisite majority, as prescribed under Section 230(6) of the Act . 
 
3. The Scheme, if approved by the equity shareholders of RIL as per Section 230(6) of the Act read with Regulation 37 of the SEB I 
Listing Regulations and SEBI Scheme Circular and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI, if any, will be subject to subsequent  
approval of the Hon’ble Tribunal and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions from any other regulatory or statutory authority(ies) as may be deemed necessary. In terms of the SEBI Scheme Circular, RIL has provided the facility of voting by e -Votin g 
to its shareholders.  
 
4. In compliance with the Order of the Hon’ble Tribunal, Section 108 and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Rule 2 0 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time and Regulation 44 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Scheme Circulars and other applicable circulars issued by SEBI, 
SS-2 and in accordance with the requirements prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) for holding general meetings 
through VC/OAVM by following the operating procedures referred to in MCA General Circular Nos., 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 
2020, 10/2021 dated  June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, 11 / 2022 dated December 28, 
2022, 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (collectively 
the “MCA Circulars”), RIL has  provided the facility of remote e- Voting prior to the Meeting as well as during the Meeting, using the 
service of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (‘ CDSL ) so as to enable the equity shareholders of RIL to consider and if thought 
fit, approve the Scheme by way of approval of the Resolution mentioned below. The equity shareholders may refer to the ‘Notes ’ 
to this Notice for further details on remote e- Voting prior to the Meeting as well as e- Voting during the Meeting . 
 
5. The Hon’ble Tribunal has appointed the undersigned as the Chairperson of the Meeting, including any adjournments thereof. Further, the Hon’ble Tribunal has appointed Mr. Kishore P as the Scrutinizer for the Meeting, including any adjournments thereof, 
  
 
 
 
6 
 
to scrutinize the process of remote e- voting conducted prior to the Meeting as well as the e -voting conducted during the Meeting, 
and to ensure that the same is carried out in a fair and transparent manner . 
 
6. The equity shareholders shall have the facility and option to vote on the Resolution for approval of the Scheme by casting their 
votes through remote e- voting prior to the Meeting, during the period commencing from August 02, 2026 (Sunday) , at 9:00 a.m. 
(IST) and ending on August 04, 2026 (Tuesday) , at 5:00 p.m. (IST) . Thereafter, the remote e- voting module shall be disabled by CDSL . 
The equity shareholders of RIL  holding shares as on July 31, 2026 (Friday) (“Cut -off Date”) shall be eligible to cast their votes through 
remote e -voting. Once a vote on the Resolution is cast by an equity shareholder, the same shall not be allowed to be changed 
subsequently. The voting rights of the equity shareholders shall be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid- up equity share 
capital of RIL  as at the close of business hours on the Cut -off Date. A person who is not an equity shareholder as on the Cut -off Date 
shall treat this Notice for information purposes only.  
 
7. The equity shareholders are requested to consider, and if thought fit, to pass with requisite majority the following Resoluti on: 
 
PROPOSED RESOLUTION FOR CONSIDERATION  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder, including the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and the National  Company Law Tribunal Rules, 2016, the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and other 
applicable circulars i ssued by SEBI in relation to schemes of arrangement (“SEBI Scheme Circulars”), and all other applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, notifications and circulars (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the time being 
in force), and in terms of the Observation Letters issued by BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on  
March 16,2026 respectively, and in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Refex 
Industries Limited  (“RIL” or the “Company”, also referred to as the “ Transferee Company” or the “Demerged Company”), and subject 
to the sanction of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Hon’ble Tribunal” or “NCLT”) and such other 
approvals, permissions and sanctions of the Central Government, SEBI, the Registrar of Companies, Stock Exchanges and other 
regulatory or governmental authorities, as may be necessary, and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be presc ribed 
or imposed by the Hon’ble Tribunal or any statutory or regulatory authority while gra nting such consents, approvals and 
permissions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which t erm 
shall be deemed to include any Committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by the Board or any person authorized by it to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this Resolution), the  Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst 
Refex Green Mobility Limited (“RGML” or ”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or 
“Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulting Compa ny”) and their respective shareholders and creditors 
("the Scheme") , as annexed to the Notice convening the Meeting, be and is hereby approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient for giving effect to this Resolution and for the purpose of implementing  and giving effect to the Scheme and all matters connected therewith or incidental thereto, including:  
 
i. accepting such modifications and/or conditions, if any, as may be required and/or imposed by the Hon’ble Tribunal or its appellate authority(ies) and/or by any regulatory or governmental authorities while sanctioning the Scheme or otherwise;  
ii. settling and resolving any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard, including passing such accounting  
entries and making such adjustments in the books of account as may be considered necessary; and  
iii. finalizing, signing, executing and filing all necessary applications, petitions, affidavits, documents and writings, and doin g 
all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary in connection therewith, without being required to seek any further 
  
 
 
 
7 
 
consent or approval of the equity shareholders of the Company, and the equity shareholders shall be deemed to have 
accorded their approval thereto by virtue of this Resolution.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers conferred herein to any 
Director(s) and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit, necessary or des irable, 
for the purpose of givi ng effect to these Resolutions, without requiring any further approval from the equity shareholders of RIL .” 
 
8. Further  the shareholders are provided with the facility to cast their votes on the Resolution for approval of the Scheme either 
through remote electronic voting (“remote e- Voting”) or by e -voting at the Meeting during the respective voting periods specified 
below:  
 
Manner of voting  Commencement of voting  End of voting  
Remote e -voting  August 02, 2026 (Sunday), 9:00 AM (IST)  August 04, 2026 (Tuesday) , 05:00 PM IST  
E-voting at the Meeting  At the time of meeting and post meeting 15 minutes shall be provided for e -voting  
 Remote e -Voting and e -Voting at the Meeting shall not be allowed beyond the respective voting period, as stated above. 
Shareholders may exercise their votes in only one mode, i.e., either by remote e- Voting or by e -Voting at the Meeting. Shareholders 
who c ast their votes by remote e- Voting may attend the Meeting but will not be entitled to cast their votes again  
 
9. Voting rights will be reckoned on the paid -up value of the shares registered in the name of the Shareholders of the Company on 
Friday, July 31, 2026 (‘Cut -Off Date’). Only those Shareholders whose names are recorded in the Register of Members of the 
Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut -Off Date will be entitled to cast their 
votes by remote e- voting or by e -voting at the Meeting. Those who are not Shareholders on the Cut -Off Date should accordingly 
treat this Notice as for information purpose only . 
 
10. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with Central Depository Services (India) Limited (‘CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e -Voting system 
as well as e- Voting on the date of the meeting  will be provided by CDSL . 
 
11. The Tribunal has appointed (a)  Mr. U.K. Sirohi  to be the Chairperson of the Meeting, and (b) Mr. Kishore P  to be the Scrutinizer for 
the Meeting . 
 
12. The Scrutinizer shall immediately after the conclusion of voting at the Meeting unblock the votes cast through remote e -Voting 
(votes cast during the Meeting and votes cast prior to the Meeting) and make, not later than 2 (two) working days of conclusi on of 
the Meeting, a Consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favor or against, if any, to the Chairperson of t he Meeting 
or to any other person so authorized by him (in writing), who shall countersign the same.  
 
13. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the website of RIL, www.refex.co.in , and on the website 
of CDSL  at www.evotingindia.com  . RIL shall simultaneously communicate the results to BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited, where the equity shares of RIL are listed . 
 
14. The Resolution for approval of the Scheme shall, if passed by a majority in number representing three -fourths in value of the Equity 
Shareholders of the Company casting their votes, as aforesaid, pursuant to Section 230(6) of the Act, shall be deemed to ha ve been 
duly passed on the date of the Meeting i.e., Wednesday, August 5, 2026 . 
 
  
 
 
 
8 
 
15. The Scheme, if approved at the Meeting, will be subject to subsequent sanction of the Tribunal and such other approval(s), 
permission(s) and sanction(s) of regulatory or other authorities, as may be necessary . 
 
 
16. A copy each of the Scheme and the Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 and 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable  
provisions of the Act and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 along with all th e 
Annexures are enclosed herewith. A copy of this Notice and the Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying documents 
are also placed on the websites of the Company at https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme- of-amalgamation -arrangement  , 
CDSL  At www.evotingindia.com  , NSE at www.nseindia.com  and BSE at www.bseindia.com.  
 
  
Sd/- 
Mr. U.K. Sirohi  
Chairperson appointed for Meeting of the  
Equity shareholders of Refex Industries Limited  
 Date:  July 03, 2026  
Place: Chennai  
 
NOTES:  
 
i) Explanatory Statement under Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 ('the Act') and Rule 6 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 is annexed to this 
Notice . 
 
ii) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (as  amended), and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing facility of remote e -Voting to its Members in 
respect of the business to be transacted at the meeting. For this purpose, the Company has engaged CDSL  for facilitating voting 
through electronic means, as the authorized e -Voting agency. The facility of casting votes by a Member using remote e -Voting 
as well as the e- Voting system on the date of the meeting will be provided by CDSL . 
 
iii) The attendance of the Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
iv) Since this Meeting is being held through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) / Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), (a) Shareholders will  
not be able to appoint proxies for the Meeting, and (b) Attendance Slip & Route Map are not annexed to this Notice. The 
deemed ven ue for the Meeting shall be the registered office of the Company.  
 
v) Corporate Shareholders are requested to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution authorizing their representative to 
attend this Meeting, pursuant to Section 113 of the Act, through e -mail to the Scrutinizer at kishoreprakash97@gmail.com   
and to the Company at investor.relations@refex.co.in  or by post to the Company at 2nd Floor, Refex Towers, Sterling Road 
Signal, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600 034, Tamil Nadu, India . 
 
vi) Shareholders are informed that in case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the or der 
of names in the Register of Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by National Securities 
  
 
 
 
9 
 
Depository Limited ('NSDL') / Central Depository Services (India) Limited ('CDSL') (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
'Depositories') in respect of such joint holding, will be entitled to vote.  
 
vii) The Notice and the Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying documents are being sent only through electronic 
mode to those Shareholders who have registered their e- mail addresses with the Company or with the Depositories or with 
Cameo Corporate Services Limited  (“Cameo ”), the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”). These documents 
are also available on the Company's website at https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme -of-amalgamation -arrangement/  . 
Shareholders desirous of obtaining physical copies of the said Notice and the Explanatory Statement together with the 
accompanying documents, free of charge, may send a request to the Company Secretary, mentioning their name and DP ID & 
Client ID / folio,  through e -mail at investor.relations@refex.co.in  . 
 
viii) As stated in the Notice, Shareholders shall have the facility and option of casting their votes on the Resolution for approva l of 
the Scheme either by remote e- voting or by e -Voting at the Meeting. The Company has engaged CDSL  as the agency for 
providing the platform for both remote e- Voting and e -voting at the Meeting. Detailed instructions for attending the Meeting 
and also for e -Voting are annexed.  
 
ix) Shareholders who have not registered their e -mail addresses with the Company or with the Depositories or with RTA and wish 
to receive the Notice and the Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying documents, or attend the Meeting, or 
cast their vo tes through remote e -voting or by e -voting at the Meeting, are required to register their e -mail address with the 
Company at investor.relations@refex.co.in  . 
 
x) SINCE THIS MEETING IS BEING HELD PURSUANT TO THE MCA CIRCULARS THROUGH VC/OAVM, THE REQUIREMENT OF 
PHYSICAL ATTENDANCE OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS HAS BEEN DISPENSED WITH. ACCORDINGLY, IN TERMS OF THE MCA 
CIRCULARS, ON ACCOUNT OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS BEING A BLE TO EXERCISE THEIR VOTE THROUGH ELECTRONIC 
MEANS, THE FACILITY FOR APPOINTMENT OF PROXIES BY THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS 
MEETING AND HENCE THE PROXY FORM, ATTENDANCE SLIP AND ROUTE MAP OF THE MEETING ARE NOT ANNEXED TO THIS 
NOTICE.  
 
xi) Shareholders who would like to express their views or ask questions with respect to the agenda item of the Meeting will be 
required to register themselves as speaker by sending e -mail to the Company Secretary at  investor.relations@refex.co.in  . 
from their registered e -mail address, mentioning their name, DP ID & Client ID and mobile number. Only those Shareholders 
who have registered themselves as speaker by August 03, 2026, 05:00 PM (I.S.T) will be able to speak at the Meeting. The 
Chairperson of the Meeting reserves the right to restrict the number of questions and/or number of speakers, depending upon 
availability of time, for smooth conduct of the Meeting.  
 
Further, Shareholders who would like to have their questions / queries responded to during the Meeting are requested to send such questions / queries in advance to the Company Secretary at  investor.relations@refex.co.in  .  within the aforesaid 
time period . 
 
xii) As directed by the Tribunal, Mr. Kishore P (Email Id: kishoreprakash97@gmail.com  ), has been appointed as Scrutinizer for the 
said Tribunal convened meeting of the equity shareholders for conducting voting by Remote E -Voting and E -Voting during the 
Meeting in a fair and transparent manner. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman after completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast by the equity shareholders through E -Voting (both prior to and during the Meeting). The Scrutinizer’s 
decision on the validity of the votes shall be final. The results of votes cast through Remote  E-Voting and E -Voting at the 
Meeting shall be announced by the Chairman not later than Two Working Days  of the conclusion of the Meeting upon receipt 
of Scrutinizer’s report and the same shall be displayed on the website of the Company i.e.  www.refex.co.in , website of the 
Stock Exchanges on which the Company’s shares are listed i.e.  www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com and on the website 
of CDSL  i.e. www.evotingindia.com  . 
 
xiii) As per the Tribunal Order, the Chairman shall report the result of the Meeting to the Tribunal within a period of  Three (3) days 
of the conclusion of the Meeting with regard to Scheme.  
  
 
 
 
10 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E- VOTING AND E -VOTING DURING THE MEETING AND JOINING GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER:  
 
The Remote e -Voting period begins on  August 02, 2026 (Sunday) 09:00 AM  (IST) and ends on August 04, 2026 (Tuesday)  
05:00 PM (IST). The Remote e -Voting module shall be disabled by CDSL  for voting thereafter.  
 The equity shareholders, whose names appear in the register of members / beneficial owners as on the record date (“cut -off 
date”), i.e., July 31, 2026 (Friday) , may cast their vote electronically.  
 The voting right of equity shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid- up equity share capital of the Company as 
on the cut -off date.  
 The equity shareholders are requested to carefully read the instructions for Remote e- Voting before casting their vote. A person 
who is not a member on the cut -off date should treat this notice for information purposes only . 
 
How do I vote electronically using CDSL  e-Voting system?  
The way to vote electronically on CDSL  e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:  
 
Step 1: Access to C SDL e -Voting system  
 A) Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode  
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e -
Voting facility.  
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:  
 
Type of shareholders   Login Method  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL  1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e- Voting page without 
any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to vis it 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com  and click on login icon & My Easi New (Token)  
Tab.  
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e- Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company.  On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e -
Voting page of the e -Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, 
there is also links p rovided to access the system of all e- Voting Service Providers, 
so that the user can visit the e -Voting service providers’ website directly.  
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl website www.cdslindia.com  and click on login & My Easi New (Token)  Tab and then 
click on registration option.  
  
 
 
 
11 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on  www.cdslindia.com  
home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e- Voting option  where the evoting is in progress and 
also able to directly access the system of all e- Voting Service Providers  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL.
 1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e- Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click on “Access to e -
Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click 
on company name or e -Voting service provider name and you will be re -directed 
to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com .  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp   
3. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Deposito ry site wherein you can see e- Voting page. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting d uring the meeting  
4. 
For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp . You will have 
to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8- digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and 
click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depo sitory site wherein you can see e- Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider name  and you will be re -directed to e -Voting service 
provider website  for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
  
 
 
 
12 
 
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility.  After 
Successful login, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Once you click on e -Voting 
option, y ou will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting service 
provider website for casting yo ur vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.  
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. CDSL  & NSDL : 
 
Login type  Helpdesk details  
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in Demat mode with CDSL  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at toll 
free no. 1800 21 09911  
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in Demat mode with NSDL  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 
- 2499 7000  
 Step 2. Access through CDSL e- Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non -individual 
shareholders in demat mode  
Login Method for e- Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
 
1. The shareholders should log on to the e -voting website www.evotingindia.com . 
2. Click on “Shareholders” module.  
3. Now enter your User ID  
i) For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
ii) For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
iii) Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.  
4. Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.  
5. If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com  and voted on an earlier e -voting of any 
company, then your existing password is to be used.  
6. If you are a first -time user follow the steps given below:  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
13 
 
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.  
PAN  Enter your 10 digit alpha -numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both 
demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)  
 
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant 
are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA.  
Dividend Bank 
Details  
 OR Date of Birth 
(DOB)  Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your 
demat account or in the company records in order to login.  
• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the 
member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.  
 
1. After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.  
2. Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, 
shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e -voting through CDSL platform. It is st rongly recommended not to share your password with any other 
person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.  
3. For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e -voting on the resolutions contained 
in this Notice.  
4. Click on the EVSN for the Refex Industries Limited i.e. Company Name on which you choose to vote.  
5. On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Re solution.  
6. Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
7. After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If 
you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your 
vote.  
8. Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
9. You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page.  
10. If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.  
11. There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for verification.  
12. Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians – For Remote Voting only.  
13. Non -Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to 
www.evotingindia.com  and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.  
14. A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com . 
15. After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.  
16. The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping.  
17. It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.  
  
 
 
 
14 
 
18. Alternatively, Non -Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer at kishoreprakash97@gmail.com  and to the Company at the email address at investor.relations@refex.co.in  , 
if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e -voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the 
same.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE AGM/EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E -VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS 
UNDER:  
 
1. The procedure for attending meeting & e -Voting on the day of the AGM/ EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for e- voting.  
 
2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login 
as per the instructions mentioned above for e -voting.  
  
3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e -Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM.  
 
4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.  
 
5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the 
meeting.  
 
6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable 
Wi-Fi or LAN C onnection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.  
 
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker 
by sending their request in advance up to  Mon day August 0 3, 2026 mentioning their name, demat account number/folio 
number, email id, mobile number at (company email id). The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance up to Mon day August 0 3, 2026 mentioning their name, demat account number/folio 
number, email id, mobile number at investor.relations@refex.co.in  . These queries will be replied to by the company suitably 
by email.  
 
8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions 
during the meeting.  
 
9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e -Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e -Voting 
system availab le during the EGM/AGM.  
 
10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e -voting available during the EGM/AGM and if the same shareholders 
have not participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders may be considered 
invalid as th e facility of e -voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
15 
 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password 
and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:  
 1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate  
(front and back), PAN ( self- attested  scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR ( self-attested  scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to ( investor.relations@refex.co.in ). 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID ( 16-digit  DPID + CLID or 16-digit  beneficiary ID), Name, 
client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to ( investor.relations@refex.co.in ). If you are an Individual shareholder  holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1  i.e. Login method for e -Voting 
and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode . 
3. If you have any queries or issues regarding attending Meeting & e -Voting from the CDSL e -Voting System, you can write an 
email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911  
4. All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, AVP, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Pa rel (East), Mumbai -  400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or call toll free no. 1800 21 09911.  
5. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e -Voting facility.  
 
DECLARATION OF VOTING RESULTS  
1. The Scrutinizer shall, after the conclusion of the Meeting, submit a consolidated Scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cas t in 
favour and against the resolution and invalid votes, if any, and submit the same to the Chairperson of the Meeting or a perso n 
authorized by the Chairperson in writing, who shall countersign the same . 
 
2. The result of the voting shall be announced by the Company within two  working days from the conclusion of the Meeting. The 
results declared, along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, shall be displayed on the notice board of registered office of the Company and hosted on the Company’s website at www.refex.co.in  and on the website of CDSL  at https://www.evotingindia.com/ 
immediately after the result is declared.  
 
The Company shall also simultaneously forward the results to BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, the stock exchanges where the Company’s equity shares are listed.  
 
  
 
 
 
16 
 
BEFORE THE HONOURABLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
CHENNAI BENCH  
CA/(CAA)/43/2026  
IN THE MATTER OF SECTIONS 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND THE 
COMPANIES (COMPROMISE, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 AND THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW 
TRIBUNAL RULES, 2016  
AND  
IN THE MATTER OF  
COMPOSITE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION AND ARRANGEMENT  
AMONGST  
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEROR COMPANY’ OR ‘RGML’)  
AND  
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
(‘TRANSFEREE COMPANY’ OR ‘DEMERGED COMPANY’ OR ‘RIL’)  
AND  
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  
(‘RESULTING COMPANY’ OR ‘RML’)  
AND  
THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS AND CREDITORS  
In the Matter of the Companies Act, 2013 -  Section 230 to Section 232  
and 
In the Matter of:  
 
REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RGML’ or ‘Transferor Company’) a 
company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kott am 
High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034. RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is engaged 
in the business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel. RGML operates and manages a fleet of 
vehicles that are deployed for passenger mobi lity using verified professional drivers, and a technology -driven operational 
framework (including centralised vehicle command and control centre) designed to provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
and 
 
REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to ‘RIL’ or ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘Demerged 
Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies Act, 1956 and existing under Companies 
Act, 2013. The registered office of t he Transferee/ Demerged Company is situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kottam 
High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai -  600034, Tamil Nadu. RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & 
Coal handling amongst other activiti es. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has recently 
started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock Exchange o f 
India Limited (“NSE”).  
 
and 
 
REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED  (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a 
company incorporated on 12th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex 
Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034, Tamil Nadu. RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Refex Industries Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportat ion 
and energy solutions, including passenger, logi stics, sales, leasing, servicing, and related infrastructure using electric or other 
vehicles.  
  
  
 
 
 
17 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTIONS 102, 230 TO 232 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 (“ACT”), RULE 6 OF THE COMPANIES (COMPROMISES, ARRANGEMENTS AND AMALGAMATIONS) RULES, 2016 (“CAA 
RULES”), SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREME NTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS”) 
READ WITH THE SEBI SCHEME CIRCULARS (DEFINED BELOW), APPLICABLE CIRCULARS ISSUED BY SEBI, AND OTHER APPLICABLE 
PROVISIONS, EACH AS AMENDED AND RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME, ACCOMPANYING THE NOTICE CONVENING THE 
MEETING OF THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (“RIL” OR “ TRANSFER EE COMPANY” OR “DEMERGED 
COMPANY” OR THE “COMPANY”) PURSUANT TO THE ORDER OF THE HON’BLE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI 
BENCH, DATED J UNE  18, 2026  
 1. Meeting for the Scheme:  
 
a) Pursuant to the Order dated June 18, 2026  (“Tribunal Order”) of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“Tribunal”), the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of RIL  is being convened on Wednesday, August 5, 2026  at 
11:00 AM (I.S.T) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means, in compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the Act, the Circulars issued thereunder, SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI Master Circular bearing no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD- 2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated Jun e 20, 2023 on (i) Scheme of Arrangement by Listed Entities and (ii) 
Relaxation under Sub- rule (7) of rule 19 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, (“SEBI Scheme Circular”) 
and other applicable provisions, in each case as may be amended or r estated from time to time, for considering, and 
if thought fit, approving the proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green 
Mobility Limited (“RGML” or ”Transferor Company”) and Refex Industries Limited (“RIL” or “Transferee Company” or 
“Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“RML” or “Resulti ng Company”)  and their respective shareholders 
and creditors ("the Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of sections 230 to 232 other applicable provisions of the Act . 
A copy of the Scheme is enclosed herewith as Annexure 1 .  
 Capitalized terms not defined herein and used in the Notice and this Statement shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Scheme  
 b) The Scheme inter alia, provides for:  
 
(i) Amalgamation of Refex Green Mobility Limited (or ‘Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) with Refex Industries Limited 
(‘Transferee Company’ or ‘RIL’); and  
 
(ii) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking of RIL (vested in RIL pursuant to amalgamation of RGML with 
RIL) into Refex Mobility Limited (‘Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’);  
 
(iii) The Scheme also provides for various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected herewith . 
 
The rationale and synergies  of the Scheme are given in the ensuing paragraphs  and the detailed terms of the 
arrangement are covered in the Scheme, a copy of which is enclosed as Annexure 1 . 
 
2. Rationale and synergies of the Scheme:  
 
• RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & Coal handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries 
is also engaged in Green mobility business and has recently started wind power business.  
 
  
 
 
 
18 
 
• Each of the varied businesses carried on by RIL either by itself or through strategic investments in subsidiaries have 
significant potential for growth and profitability.  
 
• The nature of risk and competition, financial profiles and return ratios involved in the Ash & Coal handling business 
of RIL are distinct from Green Mobility Business presently undertaken through its wholly owned subsidiary RGML.  
 
• The Green Mobility Business is capable of attracting a different set of investors, lenders, strategic partners and other 
stakeholders and have significant potential for growth and profitability. In order to unlock value for all stakeholders, 
the group plan s to have the Green Mobility Business Undertaking as a separate listed entity parallel to RIL which is 
proposed to be undertaken as follows:  
 
i) Merger of RGML into RIL;  
ii) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking (merged with RIL) into RML and independently list RML.  
  
• The following benefits shall accrue on the Scheme;  
 
(i) Creation of an independent global scale company focusing exclusively on Green Mobility Business Undertaking 
and taking advantage of the growth potential in the said respective sector;  
(ii) Enabling greater focus of management in the relevant businesses (in RIL and RML) thereby allowing new opportunities to be explored for each business efficiently and allowing a focused strategy in operations;  
(iii) Both RIL and RML can attract different sets of investors, strategic partners, lenders, and other stakeholders enabling independent collaboration and expansion at their end;  
(iv) Enabling investors to separately hold investments in respective businesses (either in RIL or RML) with different 
investment characteristics thereby enabling them to select investments which best suit their investment 
strategies and risk profiles;  
(v) Enabling focused and sharper capital market access (debt and equity) and thereby unlocking the value of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking and creating enhanced value for shareholders.  
 
The Scheme will neither impose any additional burden on the shareholders of the Transferor Company, the Transferee/Demerged Company, and the Resulting Company nor will it adversely affect the interest of any of the shareholders or creditors of the companie s involved in the Scheme . 
 
3. Background of Companies:  
 I. Refex Green Mobility Limited (‘the Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) - PAN : AAMCR5078G  
 
(i) REFEX GREEN MOBILITY LIMITED (CIN: U74909TN2023PLC158849) (hereinafter referred to as or ‘RGML’ or 
‘Transferor Company’) a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at 2nd 
Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034, Tamil Nadu   
(email id:  cscompliance@refex.co.in  ). RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries Limited. RGML is 
engaged in the business of providing transport services using vehicles running on cleaner fuel . RGML operates and 
manages a fleet of vehicles that are deployed for passenger mobility using verified professional drivers, and a 
technology -driven operational framework (including centralised vehicle command and control Centre ) designed to 
provide seamless customer experiences.  
 
  
 
 
 
19 
 
(ii) The objects of the Transferor Company have been set out in its Memorandum of Association. The relevant objects 
are reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders: - 
 
1. “To provide the business of using the ever -evolving innovations in technology landscape in order to offer 
environmentally sustainable services in the urban transportation and energy sectors. The offerings will include 
but not be limited to providing transportation services to people through electric vehicles, or through any other 
mode, to, among others, customers (retail and corporate), government entities, tourists, and any other customer group, and to also provide logistic services by way of using electri c vehicles or through any other mode.  
 
2. To provide sales and services to all the customer groups by its own, or taken on lease or via hired equipment including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among others.  
 
3. To provide technical and technological solutions, conduct research and development, and create necessary infrastructure for the sales and services provided by the Company.  
 
4. To enter in the business of Software designing, development, customization implementation maintenance, testing and benchmarking, designing, developing, and dealing in car rental, tour & travel, and to import, export, sell, purchase, distribute, host (in data centers or over the web) or otherwise deal in own and/or third party computer 
software packages, programs and solutions, and to provide internet and web based applications, services and 
solutions in the domain of car rental, transportation and travel do cumentations.  
 
5. To enter into any arrangement or agreement or contract with any person, association firm or corporation whether 
in India or outside for such other purpose that may seem beneficial and conducive to the objects of the Company including leasing and sub- leasin g of the equipment to be used including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among 
others.”  
 
(iii)  The Share Capital of the Transferor Company as on the date of this notice is as follows ; 
 
 
     
 
 
 
(iv) A copy of the Audited Financial Statements of the Transferor Company as at March 31, 2026 is annexed hereto as 
Annexure 2.  
 
(v) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Transferor Company as on the date of this Notice, along with their addresses, are mentioned below;  
 
  Particulars  Amount (in INR)  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (8,00,00,000 Nos of . 10 each)  80,00,00,000  
Total  80,00,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares (8,00,00,000 Nos of . 10 each)  80,00,00,000  
Total  80,00,00,000  
  
 
 
 
20 
 
 
Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Pasupathinath 
Ramachandran  Additional 
Director  11520066  84 B,  Marutham Mullai Apartments, 
Sudarshan Nagar Main Road, Sudharshan 
Nagar Bus Stop, Madambakkam, 
Kancheepuram - 600126 . 
2 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Director  07331094  No.190/181, Ezhil Flats, Choolaimedu 
High Road, Choolaimedu, Chennai –  
600094 . 
3 Yash Jain  Director  10071416  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai 
– 600034 . 
 
Promoters  
  
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Industries Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
 
(vi) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
  
(vii) Details of change in registered office during last five years  - During the Financial Year 23 -24 the Company had 
changed its registered office from Ground Floor, Bascon Futura IT Park, New No 10/2, Old No 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T Nagar, Chennai –  600017 to “ 2nd Floor, No.313, Refex Towers, Sterling Road, Valluvar Kottam High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, 600034 ” with effect from November 08, 2023 . 
 
(viii) Amendments to the objects of the RGML during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
II. Refex Industries  Limited (‘the Transfer ee Company’  or ‘the Demerged Company’  or RIL’)- PAN : AACCR2495P  
  
(i) REFEX INDUSTRIES LIMITED (CIN: L45200TN2002PLC049601) (hereinafter referred to as ‘RIL’ or ‘ the Transferee 
Company’ or ‘the Demerged Company’), was incorporated on the 13th day of September 2002 under the Companies 
Act, 1956 and existing under Companies Act, 2013. The registered office of the Transferee/ Demerged Company is situated in Refex Towers, 2nd Floor, 313, Valluvar Kot tam High Road, Sterling Road Signal, Nungambakkam, Chennai 
- 600034, Tamil Nadu  (email: cscompliance@refex.co.in  ). RIL is primarily engaged in the business of Ash & Coal 
handling amongst other activities. RIL through its subsidiaries is also engaged in green mobility business and has recently started wind power business. The equity shares of RIL are listed on the BSE  Limited (“BSE”) and the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”).  
 
(ii) The objects of the  Transferee  Company  or the Demerged Company  have been set out in its Memorandum of 
Association. The relevant objects are reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders: - 
 1. “To manufacture, fill in cylinders or tankers, store, import, export, distribute, sell or otherwise deal in industrial gases,  
refrigerant gases, coolants and gases of all kinds and description.  
 
  
 
 
 
21 
 
2. To manufacture, buy, sell, import, export or otherwise deal in cylinders and other accessories used in the 
manufacture, storage, filling and re- filling of gases of all kinds and description.  
   3. To construct, renovate, modify, improve, demolish, dispose of or otherwise deal in storage tanks used in the storage of gases of all kinds and description.  
 4. To engage in the business of electric power supply generation and establishment of power supply stations and sub stations and works, including running and managing them based on all forms of conventional and non- conventional 
source of energy including wind power, solar power, Thermal, Hydro, Coal and Lignite based generation among 
others and also to engage in distribution and supply of power to end users either directly by laying down of cables, wires and lines or through agencies, including governmental, both central government and state governments and 
local government and municipal corporations.  
 
5. To Enable, Facilitate, Initiate, Engage and carry on the business of purchase and sale of all forms of electrical 
Power/Energy, both conventional, nonconventional and Renewable, within India amongst Power users, Producers, 
State Electricity Boards, Power U tilities Generating Companies, Distribution and all other Traders including import 
and export of Electrical Power, Supply and Trading of Electrical Power/Energy across all local State Boundaries and 
Various Union Territories within the geographical borders  of the Country and also across National borders, wherein 
trading of Such Electrical Power is permitted by law of both the Buyers and Sellers country of Origin, and the 
infrastructure for carrying out such Electrical Power trading is existing and permitted.’  
 
5A.‘To Facilitate and carry on other allied services including but not limited to the sale, purchase & trading of Carbon 
Credits, CDM (Clean Development Mechanisms), ES Certs, CER (Carbon Emission Reduction), all other forms of 
Renewable Energy Certificate s (RE Certs) and any other Certificates to Power users within geographical borders of 
Country.’  
 5B. ‘To carry on Consultancy services in the field of power trading, supply of electricity, and other related services to Power users, Producers, State Electricity Boards, Power Utilities Generating Companies and Distribution companies.’  
 5C. ‘To obtain a license for the development of a transparent, neutral, and automated Power Exchange and/or technology platform for the trading of electrical power.’  
 6. To act as a contractor for installing power plants and grids on behalf of third parties or actual users.  
 
7. To engage in the business of dealers and traders in machineries, equipment’s, panels, components and systems and 
for all other types of materials including raw materials, intermediaries required in connection with the generation, 
supply and distribution o f electricity through both conventional and non- conventional means, Infrastructural projects 
relating to roads laying, building constructions, setting up of airports, seaports and Railway projects.  
 
8. To carry on the business of purchasers, promoters, developers, Vendors, builders, and real estate brokers of land and 
building sites, flats, apartments, dwelling houses, resorts, commercial complexes, offices, shops, and properties or 
building and engineer ing consultants.  
 
  
 
 
 
22 
 
9. To carry on the business of buying, selling, reselling, importing, exporting, transporting, storing, developing, 
promoting, marketing or supplying, trading, dealing in any manner whatsoever in all type of goods on retail as well as on wholesale basis in India or elsewhere.  
 10. To act as broker, trader, agent, C & F agent, shipper, commission agent, distributor, representative, franchiser, 
consultant, collaborator, stockist, to liaison, job worker, export house of goods, merchandise and services of all 
grades, specifications, des criptions, applications, modalities, fashions, including by -products, scraps or accessories 
thereof, on retail as well as on wholesale basis. ” 
 
(iii) The Share Capital of the the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  as on the date of this notice is as follows;  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
(iv) There are no warrants  or convertible securities outstanding  in the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  as 
on the date of this notice.  
 
(v) A copy of the Audited Financial Statements of the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  as at  
March 31, 2026  is annexed hereto as Annexure 3. 
 
(vi) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Tra nsferee Company or the Demerged Company as on the date of 
this Notice, along with their addresses, are mentioned below;  
 Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Anil Jain  Managing Director  00181960  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, 
Chennai – 600034  
2 Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Executive Director  07544757  New number 18,20,22, Old Number 
26,27,28, Flat 301- 302, Udhay Vilas, 
Padmavathiar Road, Gopalapuram, 
Chennai 600086,  
3 Vineeth Kothari  Non -Executive – 
Independent 
Director  10070816  947, 11th D Road, Sardarpura, 
Jodhpur, Rajasthan –  342003  
4 Ramesh Dugar  Non -Executive – 
Independent 
Director  01686047  Old No. 21, New No. 47, Ethiraj Salai, 
Egmore, Chennai -  600008  Particulars  Amount (in INR)  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (47,50,00,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  95,00,00,000  
Preference Shares (5,00,000 Nos of Rs. 100 each)  5,00,00,000  
Total  100,00,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares ( 13,72,19,448  Nos of Rs. 2 each)  27,44,38,896  
Total  27,44,38,896  
  
 
 
 
23 
 
5 Sivaramakrishnan 
Vasudevan  Non -Executive – 
Independent 
Director  02345708  29/6, Sri Ram Flats, Sri Ramar Street, 
Devaraja Nagar, Dasaratha Puram, 
Saligramam, Chennai - 600093, Tamil 
Nadu, India  
6 Latha Venkatesh  Non -Executive – 
Independent 
Director  06983347  14/52 B, Shivoham, South Street, 
Balaji Nagar, Chromepet, Chennai –  
600044,  
7 Susmitha Siripurapu  Non -Executive - 
Non Independent Director  09850991  H No 4 -12-728/A, Plot No 11 Dwaraka 
Mai Nagar Colony, Near Deer Park, 
Vanasthalipuram, Rangareddy, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500070  
 
Promoters  
  
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Holding Private 
Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
2 Tarachand Jain  Promoter  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
3 Anil Jain T  Promoter  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
4 Refex Family Trust  Promoter  67, Bazullah Road, Parthasarathy Puram,  
T Nagar, Chennai - 600017  
5 Ugamdevi Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
6 Dimple Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
7 Yash Jain  Promoter Group  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 
600034  
 
(vii) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
 
(viii) Details of change in registered office during last five years -  
 The Company changed its Registered Office on two occasions, the details of which are as follows:  
 During the Financial Year 2022– 23, the Registered Office of the Company was shifted from 11th Floor, Bascon Futura 
IT Park, New No. 10/2, Old No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai –  600017 to Ground Floor, Bascon 
Futura IT Park, New No. 10/2, Ol d No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai –  600017.  
 
During the Financial Year 2023– 24, the Registered Office of the Company was shifted from Ground Floor, Bascon 
Futura IT Park, New No. 10/2, Old No. 56L, Venkat Narayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017 to ” 2nd Floor, No. 
313, Refex Towers, Sterling Road, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu –  600034” , with 
effect from November 8, 2023.  
 
(ix) Amendments to the objects of the RIL during last five years  - Not Applicable   
 
  
 
 
 
24 
 
III. Refex Mobility Limited (‘the Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’) -PAN:  AAPCR0401E  
 
(i) REFEX MOBILITY LIMITED (CIN: U79110TN2025PLC184411) (hereinafter referred to as ‘Third Applicant Company’ or 
‘RML’ or ‘Resulting Company’), is a company incorporated on 1 2th September 2025 under the Companies Act, 2013 
having its registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 
600034, Tamil Nadu  (email: refexmobilityltd@refex.co.in  ). RML is a wholly owned subsidiary of Refex Industries 
Limited. Being a newly incorporated company the objective of RML is to provide sustainable urban transportation 
and energy solutions, including passenger, logistics, sales, leasing, servicing, and rela ted infrastructure using electric 
or other vehicles . 
 
(ii) The objects of the Resulting  Company have been set out in its Memorandum of Association. The relevant objects are 
reproduced below for the information and perusal of the equity shareholders: - 
 
1. “To provide the business of using the ever -evolving innovations in technology landscape in order to offer 
environmentally sustainable services in the urban transportation and energy sectors. The offerings will include 
but not be limited to providing transpo rtation services to people through electric vehicles, or through any other 
mode, to, among others, customers (retail and corporate), government entities, tourists, and any other customer 
group, and to also provide logistic services by way of using electric  vehicles or through any other mode.  
 
2. To provide sales and services to all the customer groups by its own, or taken on lease or via hired equipment including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among others.  
 
3. To provide technical and technological solutions, conduct research and development, and create necessary infrastructure, for the sales and services provided by the Company.  
 
4. To enter in the business of Software designing, development, customization implementation maintenance, testing and benchmarking, designing, developing, and dealing in car rental, tour & travel, and to import, export, sell, purchase, distribute, host (in data centers or over the web) or otherwise deal in own and/or third party computer 
software packages, programs and solutions, and to provide internet and web based applications, services and 
solutions in the domain of car rental, transportation and travel do cumentations.  
 
5. To enter into any arrangement or agreement or contract with any person, association firm or corporation whether in India or outside for such other purpose that may seem beneficial and conducive to the objects of the Company including leasing and sub- leasin g of the equipment to be used including vehicles, batteries, and chargers among 
others ”. 
 
(iii) The Share Capital of the the Resulting  Company  as on the date of this notice is as follows;  
 
Particulars  Amount in INR  
Authorised Capital   
Equity shares (5,00,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  10,00,000  
Total  10,00,000  
Subscribed and Paid up   
Equity shares (50,000 Nos of Rs. 2 each)  1,00,000  
Total  1,00,000  
  
 
 
 
25 
 
 
(iv) At present, the Equity Shares of the Resulting Company are not listed on any Stock Exchange.  
 
(v) A copy of the Financial Statements of the Resulting Company March  31, 2026, is annexed hereto as Annexure 4.   
 
(vi) The details of the Promoters and Directors of the Resulting Company as on the date of this Notice, along with their 
addresses, are mentioned below;  
 
Directors  
 
S.No  Name  Designation  DIN Address  
1 Pasupathinath 
Ramachandran  Additional 
Director  11520066  84 B,Marutham Mullai Apartments, Sudarshan 
Nagar Main Road, Sudharshan Nagar Bus Stop, 
Madambakkam, Kancheepuram - 600126  
2 Siripurapu Susmitha  Director  09850991  H No 4 -12-728/A, Plot No 11 Dwaraka Mai Nagar 
Colony, Near Deer Park, Vanasthalipuram, 
Rangareddy, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500070  
3 Yash Jain  Director  10071416  151, Habibullah Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600034  
 Promoters  
 
S.No  Name  Category  Address  
1 Refex Industries Limited  Promoter  2nd Floor, No. 313, Refex Towers, Valluvar 
Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, 600034  
 
(vii) Details of change of Name during last five years –  Not Applicable  
 
(viii) Details of change in registered office during last five years - Not Applicable  
 
(ix) Amendments to the objects of the RML during last five years –  Not Applicable  
 4. Salient features of the Scheme:  
 
• The Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement is presented under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act amongst RGML, RIL and RML and their respective shareholders and creditors . 
 
• The Scheme, inter alia, provides for:  
 
(a) Amalgamation of Refex Green Mobility Limited (‘the Transferor Company’ or ‘RGML’) with Refex Industries Limited (‘the Transferee Company’ or ‘RIL’); and 
 (b) Demerger of the Green Mobility Business Undertaking of RIL (vested in RIL pursuant to amalgamation of RGML with 
RIL) into Refex Mobility Limited (‘the Resulting Company’ or ‘RML’)  
 
  
 
 
 
26 
 
• The Appointed Date for the Scheme means 01 April 2025 or such other date as may be fixed by the National Company Law 
Tribunal or the Board of Directors (as defined hereinafter).  
 
• The “Effective Date” means upon the Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of the Scheme” means the date or last 
of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the Registrar of 
Companies at  Chennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ Demerged Company and the Resulting Company;  
 
• “Record Date” means date to be fixed by the Board of RML in consultation with RIL for the purpose of determining the equity shareholders of RIL for issue of equity shares, pursuant to this Scheme  
 
• Part B of the Scheme provide for Merger of RGML into RIL.  
 
• Part C of the Scheme provides for Demerger of Green Mobility Business (vested in RIL pursuant to Part B) from RIL to RML.  
 
• The Appointed Date for both the parts of the Scheme is 01 April 2025.  
 
• The Effective Date of the Scheme means the date or last of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal 
sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the Registrar of Companies at Chennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ 
Demerged Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
• The various parts of the Scheme shall be deemed to have taken effect in the following sequence:  
 
• Firstly, Part B of the Scheme (relating to amalgamation of Transferor Company into and with Transferee Company) shall 
be deemed to have taken effect; and  
 
• Thereafter, Part C of the Scheme (relating to demerger of Demerged Undertaking vested about in Part B from the 
Demerged Company into the Resulting Company) shall be deemed to have taken effect . 
 
• The Consideration Clause in the Scheme is as under;  
Consideration for merger (Part B of the Scheme) -Clause 15 of the Scheme:  
• The entire share capital of the Transferor Company is held by Transferee Company, in other words, the Transferor 
Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. Accordingly, pursuant to amalgamation of 
Transferor Company with Transferee Company on the Appointed Date, equity shares held by Transferee Company in 
Transferor Company shall stand cancelled and extinguished without any further act, procedure or deeds and hence, no 
new shares of the Transferee Company shall be issued and allotted to  shareholder of Transferor Company or any other 
person whatsoever in consideration.  
• The investment in the shares of the Transferor Company appearing in the books of the Transferee Company shall stand 
cancelled and extinguished without any further act, procedure or deed.  
Consideration for demerger (Part C of the Scheme) -Clause 28 of the Scheme:  
• Upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the 
Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further application or deed, issue and allot to the shareholders of the Demerged Comp any whose name appears in the register of members of the Demerged Company 
  
 
 
 
27 
 
as on the Record Date as may be stipulated by the Board of Directors of Resulting Company, their heirs, executors, 
administrators or the successors in title, as the case may be as may be recognized by the Board of Directors, in the following proportion viz (“Share Entitlement Ratio” ): 
Issue of shares of the Resulting Company to the Equity Shareholders of the Demerged Company:  
“1 (One) fully paid- up Equity Share of Rs.2 each of the Resulting Company shall be issued and allotted as fully paid up 
for every 1 (One) Equity Shares of Re. 2 each fully paid up held in the Demerged Company.” 
• The outstanding share warrants if any, shall be exercised and converted into equity shares at the option of the warrant holders prior to the Record Date. However, if any share warrants convertible into equity shares of the Demerged 
Company are outstanding on the Record Date, upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting of the Demerged 
Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further 
application or deed, issue and allot share warrants conve rtible into equity shares of the Resulting Company which are 
outstanding on the Record Date ( “Warrant Entitlement Ratio” ) (as per Clause 28.2 of the Scheme).  
Issue of warrants of the Resulting Company to the Warrant holders of the Demerged Company:  
“1 (One) Warrant of the Resulting Company shall be issued and allotted for every 1 (One) Warrant in the Demerged 
Company ”. 
 
• Consequently, upon the Scheme coming into effect, the Demerged Company shall without further act or deed, issue/ 
substitute the existing share warrants issued by the Demerged Company which are outstanding on the Record Date   
with the new share warrants co nvertible into equity shares, after making necessary adjustments to the issue price on 
account of demerger (as per Clause 28.3 of the Scheme).  
 
• The adjustments to the issue price of warrants as provided in Clause 28.2 and Clause 28.3 would be based on the net 
assets (post factoring the impact of merger under Part B of the Scheme), that are transferred to the Resulting Company.  
 
• It is also pert inent  to note that, presently there are no outstanding warrants in the RIL / Transferee / Demerged 
Company.  
 
• Also ,  Clause 29 of the Scheme provides that, upon the issue of shares by the Resulting Company in accordance with Clause 
28.1 of the Scheme, the existing 50,000 Nos equity shares of INR 2/-  each of the Resulting Company held by the Demerged 
Company, as on the Effective Date (as defined in the Scheme), shall without any application or deed, stand cancelled without any payment  
 
• All the equity shares of RML will be listed and / or admitted to trading on the BSE and NSE, which have nation- wide trading 
terminals.  
 
• The Scheme shall be effective from the Appointed Date and shall be operative from the Effective Date.  
 
• The Scheme is subject to the approvals and sanctions mentioned in the Scheme . 
Note: The above details are only an overview of the Scheme. Shareholders are requested to read the entire text of the Scheme which is enclosed as Annexure 1 to get fully acquainted with the provisions thereof.  
 5. Relationship between parties to the Scheme:  
  
 
 
 
28 
 
 
RIL is the promoter and holds 100% of issued, subscribed and paid- up equity share capital of both RGML and RML. In other 
words, RGML and RML are the wholly owned subsidiaries of RIL.  
  
6. Board approvals:  
 
(i) The Board of Directors of the Transferor  Company at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 approved the scheme. The 
directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving 
the Scheme. The names of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting are set out below : 
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Voted in favour  
2 Yash Jain  Voted in favour  
3 Sachin Navtosh Jha  Voted in favour  
 
(ii) The Board of Directors of the Transferee Company or the Demerged Company  at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 
approved the scheme. The directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving the Scheme. The names of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting 
are set out below:  
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Anil Jain  Voted in favour  
2 Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Voted in favour  
3 Vineeth Kothari  Voted in favour  
4 Ramesh Dugar  Voted in favour  
5 Sivaramakrishnan Vasudevan  Voted in favour  
6 Latha Venkatesh  Voted in favour  
7 Susmitha Siripurapu  Voted in favour  
 
(iii) The Board of Directors of the Resulting Company at its Meeting held on September 22, 2025 approved the scheme. The 
directors present at the said meeting considered the matter and unanimously voted in favour of the resolution approving the Scheme. The names  of the Directors as on that date and their manner of participation / voting are set out below:  
 
S.No  Name of Director  Manner of Participation/Voting  
1 Uthayakumar Lalitha  Voted in favour  
2 Yash Jain  Voted in favour  
3 Susmitha Siripurapu  Voted in favour  
 
7. Interest  of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel ('KMP') and their relatives : 
 
(i) None of the Directors / KMPs of the Transferee Company, Demerged Company and the Resulting Company, and their relatives, have any concern or interest in the Scheme except to the extent of their directorship and shareholding, if any, in  
the said companies . 
 
(ii) The entire issued, subscribed and paid- up equity share capital of the Transferor Company and Resulting Company is 
beneficially held by  the Transferee/Demerged Company.  
 
  
 
 
 
29 
 
8. Effect of the Scheme on the stakeholders : 
 
The effect of the Scheme on various stakeholders is summarized below:  
 
(i) Shareholders, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), Promoter and Non -Promoter Shareholders  
 The effect of the Scheme on the Shareholders, KMPs, Promoter and Non -Promoter Shareholders of the Transferor Company, 
Transferee Company/Demerged Company and Resulting Company is given in the Reports adopted by the respective Board of Directors of the said  companies at their Meetings held on September 22, 2025, pursuant to the provisions of Section 
232(2)(c) of the Act. The said Reports are enclosed as Annexure 5A, 5B and 5C . 
 
(ii) Directors  
 (i) The Scheme will have no effect on the office of the existing Directors of the Transferor Company, Transferee Company/  
Demerged Company and Resulting Company. Further, no change in the Board of the Directors of the Transferor Company, Transferee Company/ Demerged Company and Resulting Company is envisaged on account of the Scheme. It is clarified that the composition of th e Board of Directors of the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company may 
change by appointments, retirements or resignations in accordance with the provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing 
Regulations, other applicable laws, and the Memorandum and Articles of  Association of these companies . 
 
(ii) The Scheme is not expected to have any change in the Board or KMP positions of RGML up to the Effective Date, except 
that upon the Scheme becoming effective and RGML being dissolved without winding ‑up, the Board of RGML  shall 
stand discharged automatically under the Act and the Scheme . 
 
(iii) The effect of the Scheme on the Directors of the Transferor Company, Trans feree Company/ Demerged Company and 
the Resulting Company in their capacity as shareholders of the said companies is the same as in case of other 
shareholders of the said companies, as mentioned in the aforesaid Reports enclosed as Annexure 5A, 5B and 5C . 
 
(iii) Employees  
 
(i) As per Part B of the Scheme,  on the Scheme becoming effective, all employees of the Transferor Company who are 
engaged in as on the Effective Date shall be deemed to have become employees of the Transferee Company on and from the Effective Date, on terms and conditions of employment n o less favourable than those applicable to them with 
reference to their employment in the Transferor Company, and without any interruption of service, as provided in Clause 7 of the Scheme.  
 
(ii) Post giving effect to Part B of the Scheme, under Part C of the Scheme, all employees of the Demerged Company who are engaged in or relate to the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking as on the Effective Date shall be deemed to have beco me employees of the Resulting Company on and from the Effective on terms and 
conditions of employment no less favourable than those applicable to them with reference to their employment in the Demerged Company, and without any interruption of service, as provided in Clause 21 of the Scheme.  
 
  
 
 
 
30 
 
(iv) Creditors  
 
(i) The amalgamation of the Transferor Company (RGML) with the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company (RIL) 
under Part B of the Scheme, shall not adversely impact the rights and interests of the creditors of either the Transferor 
Company or the Transferee Co mpany/ the Demerged Company.  
 
(ii) Upon the amalgamation becoming effective, the creditors of the Transferor Company (RGML) shall cease to be creditors of RGML and shall become creditors of the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company (RIL) on the same terms and conditions as previously applicable. Such creditors shall be paid by the Transferee Company/ the Demerged Company 
(RIL) in the ordinary course of business.  
 
(iii) Post giving effect to Part B of the Scheme, the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business 
Undertaking from the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company under Part C of the Scheme shall not adversely impact the rights and interests of the creditors of the Demerged Company or the Resulting Company.  
 
(iv) The creditors of the Demerged Company who do not form part of the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking shall continue as creditors of the Demerged Company and shall be paid by the Demerged Company in the ordinary course of business.  
 
(v) The creditors of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking/Green Mobility Business Undertaking shall cease to be creditors of the Demerged Company and shall become creditors of the Resulting Company on the same terms and conditions as pre viously applicable. Such creditors shall be paid by the Resulting Company in 
the ordinary course of business . 
 
(v) Debenture holders, Debenture Trustees, Depositors and Deposit Trustees  
 As of the date of the notice, RGML, RIL, and RML have no outstanding debentures and have not accepted any public deposits. Consequently, there are no debenture holders, debenture trustees, depositors, or deposit trustees associated with the applicant compa nies.  
 
9. No investigation proceedings:  
 There are no proceedings pending under Sections 210 to 227 of the Act against the Transferor Company, Transferee Company/Demerged Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
10. Amount due to creditors:  
 (i) The respective amounts due to Unsecured creditors as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:  
Amount  (in Rs.)  
S.No  Company  Unsecured Creditors  
1 Transferor Company (RGML)  88,41,31,937.14  
2 Transferee Company/Demerged Company (RIL)       3,47,67,69,639 .00 
3 Resulting Company (RML)  88,140  
 
 
  
 
 
 
31 
 
(ii) The respective amounts due to Secured creditors as on  March 31, 2026 are as follows:  
Amount  (in Rs.)  
S.No  Company  Secured Creditors  
1 Transferor Company (RGML)  64,92,18,000  
2 Transferee Company/Demerged Company (RIL)  1,58,90,59,414 .00 
3 Resulting Company (RML)  0.00  
 
(iii) The Scheme embodies the arrangement between the Applicant Companies and their respective shareholders and 
creditors. No change in value or terms or any compromise or arrangement is proposed under the Scheme with any of the creditors of the Applicant Companies. Since there is no compromise or arrangement with them and their rights are 
not affected by the Scheme in any manner. The Scheme does not involve any debt restructuring and hence, the 
requirement to disclose details of debt restructuring is not applica ble. 
 
11. Summary of Share entitlement Ratio Report and Fairness Opinion   (i) The Registered Valuer has carried out the valuation in accordance with the ICAI Valuation Standards, 2018,  as on 
September 22, 2025.  
 
(ii) As mentioned in the Valuation Report, the share exchange, share entitlement and warrant entitlement ratio with respect to the Scheme has been determined as follows:  
 Part B of the Scheme –  Merger of RGML with RIL : 
 
RGML is a wholly owned subsidiary of RIL and pursuant to the amalgamation of RGML with RIL on the Appointed date, 
the entire paid -up share capital held by RIL in RGML shall stand cancelled and extinguished and hence, no new equity 
shares of RIL shall be is sued and allotted to shareholders of RGML.  
 
Part C of the Scheme –  Demerger of ‘Green Mobility Business Undertaking’ of RIL into RML (post amalgamation of RGML 
with RIL)  
 
In consideration for the proposed demerger (post amalgamation of RGML with RIL), RML would issue equity shares to the equity shareholders and warrants to the warrant holders of RIL.  
 
The following parameters have been considered while arriving at the equity share entitlement ratio and warrant 
entitlement ratio;  
• Easily comprehensible to the shareholders;  
• No fractional entitlements; and  
• Future equity servicing capacity of RML i.e. payment of dividend to shareholders in future.  
 As per the Scheme, the outstanding share warrants if any, shall be exercised and converted into equity shares at the option of the warrant holders prior to the Record Date. However, if any share warrants convertible into equity shares of the Demerged Compa ny are outstanding on the Record Date, upon the Scheme becoming effective and upon vesting 
of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company in the Resulting Company, the Resulting Company shall, without any further application or deed, issue and allot s hare warrants convertible into one equity share of the Resulting 
Company for each warrant which are outstanding on the Record Date. The adjustments to the issue price of warrants 
  
 
 
 
32 
 
would be based on the net assets (post factoring the impact of Amalgamation of RGML with RIL) that are transferred 
to the Resulting Company.   Post the proposed demerger all the shareholders and warrant holders of RIL are and will be the ultimate beneficial owners of RML in the same ratio (inter se) as they hold shares and warrants in RIL. Therefore, no relative valuation of 
Green Mobility Busine ss Undertaking of RIL and of RML is required to be undertaken for the proposed demerger. 
Accordingly, valuation approaches as indicated in the format such as Asset Approach, Income Approach, and Market 
Approach as prescribed by circular number NSE/CML/2017 /12 of NSE and LIST/COMP/02/2017- 18 of BSE have not been 
undertaken as they are not relevant in the instant case.  
 
(iii) As mentioned in the Valuation Report,  the Boards of the respective Companies have approved the Share Entitlement 
Ratio of 1:1, based on the valuation report issued by Registered Valuer  M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(hereinafter referred to as ‘Registered Valuer’) having Registration No. IBBI/RV -E/06/2020/126 and fairness  opinion 
report issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited an independent SEBI registered Merchant Banker  dated September 
22, 2025 (Enclosed as Annexure 6 and 7 respectively ). 
 
12. Auditor’s Certificates of Conformity of Accounting treatment in the Scheme with the Accounting Standards  
 The respective Statutory Auditors of the respective companies have confirmed that the accounting treatment specified in 
the Scheme is in conformity with the Ind AS and generally accepted accounting principles in India.  A copy of the said 
certificates have been enclosed as Annexure  8A, 8B and 8 C . 
 
13. Appointed date, Effective date, Record date:  
 
(i) Appointed Date : The Appointed Date for the Scheme means April  01, 2025 or such other date as may be fixed by the National 
Company Law Tribunal or the Board of Directors.  
 
(ii) Effective Date: The Effective Date means upon the Scheme becoming effective” or “effectiveness of the Scheme” means the 
date or last of the dates on which the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme is filed with the Registrar of Companies at C hennai by the Transferor Company, the Transferee/ Demerged Company and the Resulting 
Company  
 
(iii) Record Date: The Record Date means date to be fixed by the Board of RML in consultation with RIL for the purpose of determining the equity shareholders of RIL for issue of equity shares, pursuant to this Scheme.  
 
14. No-objection of the Stock E xchanges : 
 
(i) The Transferee Company had filed the Composite Scheme of Arrangement with NSE and BSE in terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD ‑2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (“SEBI 
Circular”) for their no ‑objection for filing the Scheme with NCLT.  BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, vide their respective letters dated March  16, 2026 and March  16, 2026, have granted their no ‑objection to the 
said Scheme.  Copies of the said letters issued by the Stock Exchanges to the Transferee/Demerged Company are 
enclosed as Annexure  9 and Annexure 10, respectively . 
 
(ii) Apart from the same, the Transferee Company had also submitted the Report of its Audit Committee  and Report of 
the committee of Independent Directors (enclosed as Annexure 11 and 12) on the Scheme and various other 
  
 
 
 
33 
 
documents to the Stock Exchanges, and has also displayed the same on its website in terms of the SEBI Circular and 
addressed all queries on the said documents. The same is available at https://refex.co.in/investors/scheme -of-
amalgamation -arrangement/   
 
(iii) Further, the Transferee Company did not receive any complaint relating to the Scheme, and ‘Nil’ Complaint Reports were filed by the Transferee Company with the Stock Exchanges in terms of the SEBI Circular, copies of which are enclosed as Annexure 13 (BSE)  and Annexure 1 4 (NSE) , respectively.  
 
15. List of ongoing proceedings or investigations against the respective Companies:  
The details of ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement actions taken against the Applicant Companies, its directors and promoters as on June 16, 2026 is enclosed as Annexure - 15. 
 
16. Cost benefit analysis of the Scheme:   
Although the Scheme involves certain costs such as transaction costs, implementation cost, regulatory fees, stamp duties, etc. However , the benefits of the Scheme over a longer period would far outweigh such costs for the stakeholders of the 
Company entailing benefits specified in Paragraph 2 above.  
 
17. In relation to the comments set out by SEBI in the Observation Letters, the information required to be disclosed by RIL in 
this notice is as under:  
 
S.No  Remarks /Particulars  in the Observation 
Letter  Information required to be disclosed  
1.  The listed entity shall ensure that it discloses 
all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all 
other enforcement action taken, if any, against 
the Company, its promoters and directors, 
before Hon'ble NCLT and sha reholders, while 
seeking approval of the scheme  Details of all ongoing adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecutions initiated and all other enforcement actions 
taken against RIL, its promoters and directors, as applicable, 
as on June 16, 2026,  are enclosed herewith  as Annexure 15. 
It is clarified that, there are no ongoing investigations, 
adjudication proceedings, litigations, recovery proceedings, 
prosecutions, or enforcement actions initiated against the 
promoters, directors, or Key Managerial Personnel of the Applicant Companies, acting in such capacities, except as 
otherwise stated above, that would have an adverse impact 
on the Scheme or its implementation . 
2.  The listed Company shall ensure that the 
information pertaining to all the Unlisted 
Companies involved, if any, involved in the 
scheme shall be included in the format 
specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR 
Regula tions, 2018, in the explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying 
resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval  Information relating to the unlisted companies involved in 
the Scheme, namely RGML and RML, in the format 
prescribed for an abridged prospectus under Part E of 
Schedule VI of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, read w ith the SEBI Scheme 
Circular, is enclosed as Annexure 16A (“Abridged Prospectus 
– RGML ”) and Annexure 16B (“Abridged Prospectus – RML ”), 
respectively. M/s 3Dimension Capital Services Limited  an 
Independent SEBI -registered merchant banker (SEBI 
Registration No. MB/INM000012528 ), has issued certificate 
confirming the accuracy and adequacy of the information contained in the aforesaid abridged prospectus of RGML  and 
RML . The certificate is attached in Annexure 17. 
  
 
 
 
34 
 
S.No  Remarks /Particulars  in the Observation 
Letter  Information required to be disclosed  
3.  Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and 
revenue of the companies involved, pre and 
post scheme The details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the 
companies as submitted with NSE and BSE while obtaining 
their no objection to the Scheme is enclosed as  
Annexure 18 
4.  Impact of scheme on revenue generating 
capacity of listed entity  • The Scheme is not anticipated to adversely affect the 
revenue- generating capacity of the 
Transferee/Demerged Company.  
 
• All assets and liabilities transferred to the Transferee 
Company pursuant to the merger under Part B of the 
Scheme are subsequently proposed to be demerged into 
the Resulting Company under Part C of the Scheme. 
Hence it does not affect the revenue generati ng capacity 
of the listed company (i.e., RIL).  
 
• Further, as outlined in Point 2 of Paragraph 4.5 of the Scheme, one of the key benefits envisaged is enhanced 
managerial focus on the relevant business segments of 
RIL following the implementation of the Scheme.  
5.  Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies 
of business of the companies involved in the  
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the 
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the 
scheme. The need and rationale for the scheme, the business 
synergies between the companies involved, the impact on 
shareholders, and the cost –benefit analysis have been 
detailed in the report adopted by the Board of Directors of 
the Transferee Company/Demerged Company  in its report 
dated September 22, 2 025. A copy of the said report is 
enclosed as Annexure 5B 
6.  Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor 
Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company . The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Transferor 
Company that are being transferred to Transferee Company on the Appointed Date April  01, 2025 is enclosed as  
 Annexure 19 
7.  Value of assets and liabilities of Demerged 
Company that are being transferred to  
Resultant Company. The details of value of assets and liabilities of the Demerged 
Company that are being transferred to Resulting Company on the Appointed Date April  01, 
2025 is enclosed as  
Annexure 19 
8.  Latest financials of Transferor, Transferee and 
Resulting companies should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the 
explanatory statement . The details of latest Financials of RGML, RIL and RML  as on 
March 31,2026 have been attached as Annexure 2,3,4 . 
9.  Revised shareholding pattern of Transferor, 
Transferee and Resulting companies Pre and 
Post -Scheme.  The shareholding pattern of the respective companies as on 
the date of this notice  is provided as under;  
 
RGML/Transferor Company:  
 
• Pre Scheme - The Transferor Company is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Transferee Company.  
 
• Post Scheme - Post the merger under Part B, the 
Transferor Company ceases to exist the, hence the post 
scheme shareholding pattern is not applicable.  10.  Pre and Post scheme shareholding of 
Transferor, Transferee and Resulting 
companies as on the date of notice of 
Shareholders meeting along with rationale for 
changes, if any, occurred between filing of 
Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
  
 
 
 
35 
 
S.No  Remarks /Particulars  in the Observation 
Letter  Information required to be disclosed  
 
RIL/Transferee/Demerged Company:  
 
Pre Scheme shareholding pattern of the 
Transferee/Demerged Company:  
 
Category   No. of equity 
shares of INR 
2 each    Paid up share 
capital in 
INR  % of 
equity shares   
Promoter 
and Promoter 
group*   7,76,23,085   15,52,46,170   56.57%   
Public**   5,95,96,363   11,91,92,726   43.43%   
Total   13,72,19,448   27,44,38,896   100%   
 
Post Scheme shareholding pattern of the 
Transferee/Demerged company:  
 
Category   No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 each    Paid up share 
capital in 
INR  % of 
equity shares   
Promoter 
and 
Promoter 
group*   7,76,23,085   15,52,46,170   56.57%   
Public**   5,95,96,363   11,91,92,726   43.43%   
Total   13,72,19,448   27,44,38,896   100%   
 
Note: The pre and post Scheme shareholding is indicative and 
based on the current shareholding as on date. However, it is 
subject to change based on the shareholding as on the 
Record Date (as defined in the Scheme).  
 RML/Resulting Company:  
 
Pre scheme shareholding pattern of Resulting Company:  
 
Category  No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 each  Paid up 
share capital 
in INR  % of 
equity shares  
Promoter and 
Promoter 
group  50,000*  1,00,000  100%  
Public  - - - 
Total  50,000  1,00,000  100%  
 
  
 
 
 
36 
 
S.No  Remarks /Particulars  in the Observation 
Letter  Information required to be disclosed  
*including 6 (six) equity shares held by the Demerged 
Company through its nominee holders.  
 
Post scheme shareholding pattern of Resulting Company:  
 
Category   No. of equity 
shares of INR 2 
each    Paid up share 
capital in INR   % of 
equity shares   
Promoter 
and Promoter 
group*   7,76,23,085   15,52,46,170   56.57%   
Public**   5,95,96,363   11,91,92,726   43.43%   
Total   13,72,19,448   27,44,38,896   100%   
 
Note: The pre and post Scheme shareholding is indicative and based on the current shareholding as on date. However, it is 
subject to change based on the shareholding as on the 
Record Date (as defined in the Scheme).  
 
*The existing shareholding held by the Demerged Company 
in the Resulting Company will be cancelled pursuant to 
Clause 29 of the Scheme.  
 
There have been no changes in the shareholding patterns of RGML (Transferor Company) and RML (Resulting Company) from the date of filing of the Scheme up to the present date. For the Transferee/Demerged Company/RIL, a separate note 
of the shareholding pattern along with the changes therein 
post the time of filing of the scheme is provided in  
Annexure 20. 
11.  Disclose all pending actions against the 
entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible 
impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders.  The details pending action against the applicant companies  
and its directors and promoters is enclosed as Annexure 15. 
12.  The Company shall ensure that applicable 
additional information, if any to be submitted 
to SEBI along with draft scheme of 
arrangement as advised by email dated 
September 21, 2023 shall form part of 
disclosures to the shareholders.  The applicable additional information, as prescribed in 
Annexure L of the stock exchange checklist in the application 
submitted to the NSE and BSE pursuant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as  
advised by NSE and BSE in their 
observation letters dated March 16, 2026, and March 16, 
2026 conveying their no adverse observations/no -objection 
are provided at Annexure 21. 
  
   
  
 
 
 
37 
 
18. Approvals and intimations in relation to the Scheme : 
 
(i) The details of approvals and no objections required for the proposed arrangement are mentioned in Clause 33 of Part 
D of the Scheme. Stock Exchanges have since given their no -objection to the Scheme as mentioned in the preceding 
paragraph. Further, all equity shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Resulting Company have given their consent to the Scheme, and therefore, the Tribunal has dispensed with the meeting of the shareholders of the 
Transferor Company and the Resulting Company.  
 
(ii) It is also submitted that separately,  the meeting of the equity shareholders,  secured creditors and unsecured creditors  
of RIL/Transfer ee Company will be convened for their approval to the Scheme.  
 
(iii) It is also submitted that separately, the meeting of the secured creditors and unsecured creditors of RGML/Transferor Company will be convened for their approval to the Scheme.   
 
(iv) With respect to RML, the Tribunal has dispensed with the requirement for convening the meeting of secured creditors 
and unsecured creditors.  
 
(v) The companies are in the process of obtaining other approvals and no objections from regulatory and/or government authorities, as required under Clause 33 of the Scheme.  
 
(vi) The Scheme, if approved at this Meeting, will be subject to subsequent sanction of the Tribunal and such other 
approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of regulatory or other authorities, as may be necessary . 
 
19. Inspection of Documents:  
 
In addition to the documents annexed hereto, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection through electronic mode on the Company's corporate website at Refex Scheme and also at the Registered Office of the Transferee/ 
Demerged Company between 10.00 a.m. to 2.00 p.m. on any working day up to the date of the Meeting, for which purpose Shareholders are required to send an e -mail to the Company Secretary at  investor.relations@refex.co.in  . 
 (i) Copy of the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement;  
(ii) Copy of the Order dated June 18 , 2026 passed by the Tribunal in the Company Scheme Application No. C.A.(CAA)/41, 
42 and 43/CHE/2026;  
(iii) Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Transferor Company, Transferee /Demerged Company and Resulting Company ; 
(iv) Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Transfer or Company  for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026;  
(v) Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Transferee /Demerged Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026;  
(vi) Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Resulting Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026;  
(vii) Certificates from the respective Statutory Auditors of the respective companies confirming that the accounting treatment specified in the Scheme is in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act; 
(viii) Reports of the Audit Committee and the Independent Directors Committee of the Transferee/Demerged Company dated September 22, 2025 recommending the Scheme;  
  
 
 
 
38 
 
(ix) Share entitlement ratio report dated September 22, 2025, issued by, M/s. SSPA & Co., Chartered Accountants 
Registered Valuer (with IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV- E/06/2020/126);  
(x) Fairness opinion dated September 22, 2025, issued by M/s Kroll Advisory Private Limited, an Independent Merchant 
Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000012315);  
(xi) Copy of the No -objection certificate received from the Stock exchange dated March 16, 2026.  
 
Shareholders can also obtain extract(s) from,  or copy(ies) of the documents listed above.  
 Based on the above, and considering the rationale and benefits, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, the Scheme will be of advantage to, beneficial and in the best interests of the companies and their respective shareholders, creditors, employees and other stakeholders, and the terms thereof are fair and reasonable. The Board of Directors of the Transferee/ Demerged 
Company recommends the Scheme for the approval of its Shareholders . 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Date: July 03, 2026  
Place: Chennai  S/d  
U.K. Sirohi  
Chairperson appointed for Meeting of the  
Equity shareholders of Refex Industries Limited  
 
  
 
 
 