 
 
 
 
August 05, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort , 
Mumbai – 400001 , Maharashtra, India 
Security Code: 532884  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 , Maharashtra, India 
Symbol : REFEX  
 
Ref.:          Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Master Circular 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026  dated January 30, 2026 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”).  
 Sub ject: Summary of the Proceedings of the below  mentioned  meeting convened  as per directions of 
National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), Division Bench -  I, Chennai vide o rder  
CA(CAA)/43(CHE)/2026  dated June 18, 2026 :  
i. Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Refex Industries Limited (“the Company”) held on Wednesday, August 05 , 2026, at 11:00 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio -
Visual Means (“OAVM”).  
ii. Meeting of Secured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited held on Wednesday , August 05 , 2026  at 
11:30 A.M. (IST) at the Registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600034  
iii. Meeting of the Unsecured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited held on Wednesday , August 05 , 2026  
at 12:00 P.M. (IST)  at the Registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High 
Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034  
 Dear Sir/  Ma’am, 
 
With  reference to  our earlier intimation letter dated June 24,  2026 and as directed by the Hon’ble 
NCLT vide its order dated  June 18, 2026 ,  
i. A meeting of Equity Shareholders  of the C ompany was held o n Wednesday, August 05 ,2026, at 11:00 
A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio- Visual Means (“OAVM”);  
ii. A meeting o f Secured Creditors  of the company was held o n Wednesday, August 05 ,2026 , at 11:30 
A.M. (IST)  at the Registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034  through physical mode ; and  
iii. A meeting of Unsecured Creditors  of the company was held o n Wednesday, August 05, 2026 , at 12:00 
P.M. (IST)  at the Registered office at 2nd Floor Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai –  600034  through physical mode . 
 
to consider and , approve the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green   
Mobility Limited (“ Transferor Company ” or “RGML ”), Refex Industries Limited (“ Transferee Company ” or 
“Demerged Company” or “ RIL”) and  Refex Mobility Limited (“ Resulting Company” or “ RML ”). 
As required under Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith the Summary of proceedings of the  meetings as follows:  
i. Annexure- A- Meeting of Equity Shareholders  of the C ompany  
ii. Annexure- B- Meeting of Secured Creditors  of the C ompany  
iii. Annexure-C - Meeting of Unsecured Creditors  of the Company  
 
 
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records.  
Details  of voting  results  as required  under Regulation  44 (3) of the SEBI  Listing  Regulations will be submitted 
separately  within the prescribed timeline.  
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at  https://www.refex.co.in/investors  
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records.  
Y
ours faithfully,  
For & on behalf of  Refex Industries Limited  
_
_______________________  
Ankit Poddar  
Company Secretary  & Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A CS-25443  
E
ncl.: as above 
 
 
 
Annexure- A 
 
Summary of Proceedings of the Court -Convened Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Company  
 
Pursuant to the Order dated June 18, 2026 passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Division 
Bench -I, Chennai ("Hon'ble NCLT") in Company Application No. CA(CAA)/43(CHE)/2026, the Court -Convened 
Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Company was held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026, at 11:00 A.M. 
(IST)  through Video Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio- Visual Means ("OAVM") to transact the business set out 
in the Notice dated July 03, 2026.  
 
Mr. Ankit Poddar, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, welcomed the Members to the Meeting and briefed 
them on the manner of participation through VC/OAVM.  
 As directed by the Hon'ble NCLT, Mr. U.K. Sirohi, the Court- appointed Chairperson, chaired the Meeting.  
 The following Directors, Invitees and Officials were present in person or through VC:  
Directors  
S. No.  Name  Designation  
1 Mr. Anil Jain  Chairman & Managing Director  
2 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Whole -time Director & Chief Financial Officer  
3 Ms. Susmitha Siripurapu  Non -Executive Director  
4 Mr. Sivaramakrishnan Vasudevan  Independent Director  
5 Ms. Latha Venkatesh  Independent Director  
6 Dr. Vineet Kothari  Independent Director  
 
Statutory Auditors and Scrutinizer:  
S. No.  Name  Category  
1 Mr. Prem Chand  Authorised Representativ e of Statutory Auditor - M/s A B C D & Co. LLP, 
Chartered Accountants  
2 Mr. Kishore P  Court -appointed Scrutinizer  
 
Mr. Ramesh Dugar, Independent Director, could not attend the Meeting due to personal commitments.  
 
The requisite quorum being present, the Chairperson called the Meeting to order and welcomed the Equity 
Shareholders.  
 Mr. Anil Jain, Chairman & Managing Director  of the Com pany , briefly addressed the shareholders and explained 
the rationale and key objectives of the Composite Scheme.  
 
The Members were informed that the Meeting had been convened for the sole purpose of considering and, if 
thought fit, approving the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited, Refex Industries Limited and Refex Mo bility Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors, 
by way of the Resolution set out in the Notice convening the Meeting.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Members were further informed that, in accordance with the applicable SEBI Circulars, the facility for remote 
e-voting had been provided prior to the Meeting and the facility for e -voting during the Meeting was also made 
available. Accordingly, in comp liance with Secretarial Standard -2 on General Meetings, the Resolution was not 
required to be formally proposed or seconded at the Meeting.  
 
With the consent of the Equity Shareholders present, the Notice convening the Meeting, the Explanatory 
Statement pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the relevant 
annexures thereto, having already been circu lated to the Members through the permitted modes, were taken as 
read.  
 
The Members also noted that the equity shares of Refex Mobility Limited, upon issuance pursuant to the Scheme, 
were proposed to be listed on BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
 The Members were further informed that, in accordance with Section 230(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Resolution would be deemed to be approved on receipt of  the approval of a majority in number representing 
three -fourths in value of the Equity Shareholders casting their votes, as on the Cut- off Date, i.e., Friday, July 31, 
2026.  
 
Thereafter, Mr. U.K. Sirohi , the Court -appointed Chairperson, delivered his concluding remarks.  
 
The Company Secretary informed the Members that those Equity Shareholders who had participated in the 
Meeting and had not cast their votes through remote e -voting were provided with an opportunity to cast their 
votes electronically during the Meeting. The e -voting facility remained open for 15 minutes  after the conclusion 
of the Meeting.  
 
There being no other business to transact, the Meeting concluded at 11:30 A.M. (IST)  (including the time allowed 
for e -voting).  
 As directed by the Hon'ble NCLT, the Chairperson shall submit the report of the Meeting to the Hon'ble Tribunal 
within three (3) days from the conclusion of the Meeting.  
 
The voting results, along with the Scrutinizer's Report, will be placed on the website of the Company and the 
website of CDSL, and will also be submitted simultaneously to BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited within the prescribed timelines.  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure -B 
 
Summary of Proceedings of the Meeting of the Secured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited ("the  
Company")  
 
The Meeting of the Secured Creditors ("Meeting") of Refex Industries Limited ("the Company") was held 
on Wednesday, August 5, 2026, at 11:30 A.M. (IST)  through physical mode at the registered office of 
the Company situated at 2nd Floor, Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai – 600034, pursuant to the directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai 
Bench ("Hon'ble NCLT") vide its Order dated June 18, 2026 ("NCLT Order") in Company Application No. 
CA(CAA)/43(CHE)/2026 , for the purpose of considering the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and 
Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited ("RGML" or "Transferor Company"), Refex Industries Limited ("RIL" or "Transferee Company"/"Demerged Company") and Refex  Mobility Limited ("RML" or 
"Resulting Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme"), pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and to transact the business set out in the Notice dated  July 03, 2026.  
 Mr. Ankit Poddar, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, on behalf of the Chairperson, welcomed the Secured Creditors and the Directors of the Company present at the Meeting.  
He then introduced Mr. U.K. Sirohi , the Court -appointed Chairperson, and Mr. Kishore P, the Scrutinizer, 
both of whom had been appointed by the Hon'ble NCLT for the purpose of the Meeting. Mr. Ankit Poddar  assisted the Chairperson in conducting the Meeting.  As the requisite quorum was present in accordance 
with the directions of the Hon'ble NCLT, the Chairperson called the Meeting to order.  
 Mr. Ankit Poddar requested the Directors and other officials present to introduce themselves by stating  
their names and designations.  
 
The following Directors , Statutory Auditors and Scrutinizer  were present in person:  
 
Directors  
S. No.  Name  Designation  
1 Mr. Anil Jain  Chairman & Managing Director  
2 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Whole -time Director & Chief Financial Officer  
3 Ms. Susmitha Siripurapu  Non -Executive Director  
4 Ms. Latha Venkatesh  Independent Director  
 
  
 
 
 
 
Statutory Auditors and Scrutinizer:  
 
S. No.  Name  Category  
1 Mr. Prem Chand  Authorised  Representative of the Statutory Auditor – M/s A B C D 
& Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants  
2 Mr. Kishore P  Court -appointed Scrutinizer  
 Thereafter, Mr. Anil Jain, Chairman & Managing Director of the Company, briefed the Secured Creditors on the salient features, objectives and rationale of the proposed Scheme.  
 The Secured Creditors were informed that the Meeting had been convened for the sole purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement 
amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited, Refex Industries Limited an d Refex Mobility Limited and their 
respective shareholders and creditors, by way of the Resolution set out in the Notice convening the 
Meeting.  
 
The Secured Creditors were further informed that, in accordance with the directions of the Hon'ble NCLT, 
voting on the Resolution would be conducted through ballot papers. Ballot papers were distributed to all 
Secured Creditors and their authorised representatives and proxies entitled to vote, whose names 
appeared in the Company's list of Secured Creditors as on the cut -off date, i.e., March 31, 2026 . 
 The Secured Creditors, their authorised  representatives and proxies cast their votes and deposited the 
duly completed ballot papers in the ballot box.  
 Mr. Ankit Poddar thanked the Chairperson, the Scrutinizer, the Board of Directors, the Secured Creditors and their representatives for attending the Meeting.  
 The Meeting concluded at 12:00 P.M. (IST)  with a vote of thanks to the Chair.  
 
The Chairperson shall submit the report of the Meeting, along with the Scrutinizer's Report, to the Hon'ble NCLT in accordance with the directions contained in the NCLT Order.  
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
Annexure -C 
 
Summary of the Proceedings of the Meeting of the Unsecured Creditors of Refex Industries Limited ("the Company")  
 The Meeting of the Unsecured Creditors ("Meeting") of Refex Industries Limited ("the Company") was held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026, at 12:00 P .M. (IST) through physical mode at the registered office of 
the Company situated at 2nd Floor, Refex Towers, 313, Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai – 600034, pursuant to the directions of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai 
Bench ("Hon'ble NCLT") vide its Order dated June 18, 2026 ("NCLT Order") in Company Application No. CA(CAA)/43(CHE)/2026, for the purpose of co nsidering the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and 
Arrangement amongst Refex  Green Mobility Limited ("RGML" or "Transferor Company"), Refex Industries 
Limited ("RIL" or "Transferee Company"/"Demerged Company") and Refex Mobility Limited ("RML" or "Resulting Company") and their respective shareholders and creditors ("Scheme"), purs uant to the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and to 
transact the business set out in the Notice dated July 03, 2026.  
 
Mr. Ankit Poddar, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, on behalf of the Chairperson, welcomed the 
Unsecured Creditors and the Directors of the Company present at the Meeting.  
 He then introduced Mr. U.K. Sirohi, the Court -appointed Chairperson, and Mr. Kishore P, the Scrutinizer, 
both of whom had been appointed by the Hon'ble NCLT for the purpose of the Meeting.  
 Mr. Ankit Poddar assisted the Chairperson in conducting the Meeting. As the requisite quorum was present in accordance with the directions of the Hon'ble NCLT, the Chairperson called the Meeting to 
order.  
 
Mr. Ankit Poddar requested the Directors and other officials present to introduce themselves by stating their names and designations.  
 The following Directors , Statutory Auditors and Scrutinizer  were present in person:  
 Directors  
S. No.  Name  Designation  
1 Mr. Anil Jain  Chairman & Managing Director  
2 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Agarwal  Whole -time Director & Chief Financial Officer  
3 Ms. Susmitha Siripurapu  Non -Executive Director  
4 Ms. Latha Venkatesh  Independent Director  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 Statutory Auditors and Scrutinizer:  
 
S. No.  Name  Category  
1 Mr. Prem Chand  Authorised Representative of the Statutory Auditor – M/s A B  
D & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants  
2 Mr. Kishore P  Court -appointed Scrutinizer  
 Thereafter, Mr. Anil Jain, Chairman & Managing Director of the Company, briefed the Unsecured Creditors on the salient features, objectives and rationale of the proposed Scheme.  
 The Unsecured Creditors were informed that the Meeting had been convened for the sole purpose of considering and, if thought fit, approving the Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited, Refex Industries Limited and Refex  Mobility Limited and their 
respective shareholders and creditors, by way of the Resolution set out in the Notice convening the Meeting.  
 The Unsecured Creditors were further informed that, in accordance with the directions of the Hon'ble NCLT, voting on the Resolution would be conducted through ballot papers. Ballot papers were distributed to all Unsecured Creditors and their authorised  representatives and proxies entitled to vote, whose names 
appeared in the Company's list of Unsecured Creditors as on the cut -off date, i.e., March 31, 2026.  
 The Unsecured Creditors, their authorised representatives and proxies cast their votes and deposited the duly completed ballot papers in the ballot box.  
 Mr. Ankit Poddar thanked the Chairperson, the Scrutinizer, the Board of Directors, the Unsecured Creditors and their representatives for attending the Meeting.  
 The Meeting concluded at 12:30 P.M. (IST) with a vote of thanks to the Chair.  
 
The Chairperson shall submit the report of the Meeting, along with the Scrutinizer's Report, to the Hon'ble NCLT in accordance with the directions contained in the NCLT Order.  
      
 
 
 