  
 
March 17, 2026  
The Secretary, Lis Ɵng Department  
BSE Limited,  
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001   
Security code: 532884  The Secretary, Lis Ɵng Department  
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C-1, Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra Kurla (E), Mumbai – 
400051 
Symbol: REFEX   
Sub.: Receipt of Observa Ɵon LeƩers with ‘no adverse observa Ɵons’ from BSE Limited and  Na Ɵonal 
Stock Exchange of India Limited in rela Ɵon to the proposed Composite Scheme of Amalgama Ɵon 
and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“Transferor Company”),  Refex Industries 
Limited (“Transferee Company” or “Demerged Company”) and Refex Mobility Limited (“Resul Ɵng 
Company”) and their respec Ɵve shareholders and creditors pursuant to the provisions of sec Ɵon 230 
to 232 read with other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013. (“Scheme”)  
Ref.: Disclosure under Regula Ɵon 30 and other applicable regula Ɵons of the Securi Ɵes and Exchange 
Board of India (Lis Ɵng Obliga Ɵons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula Ɵons, 2015, as amended 
(“LisƟng Regula Ɵons”) 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
This is with reference to our earlier in ƟmaƟon   dated September 22, 2025 informing about the decision 
of the Board of Directors of Refex Industries Limited (“Company”) approving the Composite Scheme 
of Amalgama Ɵon and Arrangement amongst Refex Green Mobility Limited (“ Transferor Company ”), 
Refex Industries Limited (“ Transferee Company ” or “Demerged Company ”) and Refex Mobility Limited 
(“ResulƟng Company ”) and their respec Ɵve shareholders and creditors (“ Proposed Scheme ”), subject 
to receipt of applicable regulatory and other approvals.  
In this regard, we would like to inform you that BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and Na Ɵonal Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (“ NSE”), vide their le Ʃers dated March 16, 2026, have issued their Observa Ɵon leƩers, 
as required under Regula Ɵon 37 of the Lis Ɵng Regula Ɵons, with ‘No adverse observa Ɵon/ No 
objecƟon’ to the Proposed Scheme.  
Copy of Observa Ɵon leƩers of BSE and NSE are a Ʃached herewith for your reference and record and 
the same are also available at Company’s website at the weblink – click here  
The Scheme remains subject to applicable regulatory and other approvals.  
 
We request you to take the above informa Ɵon on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully  
For Refex Industries Limited 
 
 
Ankit Poddar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer  
ICSI Membership No: A25443  refex 
Refex Industries Limited 
A Refex Group Company 
CIN:L45200TN2002PLC049601 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, No.313, Refex Towers, Sterling Road, 
Valluvar Kottam High Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai , Tamil Nadu 600 034 
P: 044 -3504 0050 I E: cscompliance@refex.co.in I W: www.refex.co.in Factory: No.l/171, Old Mahabalipuram Road, 
Thiruporur -603 110, Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu 
P: 044 2744 5295 I E: info@refex.co.in I W: www.refex.co.in 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
DCS/AMAL/RD/R37 /4123/2025-26 
To, March 16, 2026 
The Company Secretary, 
Refex Industries Limited 
19th K.M. Hapur Bulandshahr Road, 
P.O. Gulaothi, , Bulandshahr , 
Uttar Pradesh -245408. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Composite Scheme of Arrangement by Refex Industries Limited 
We refer to your application for Composite Scheme of Arrangement of Refex Green Mobility 
Limited ("RGMUTransferor Company), Refex Industries Limited ("RIL/Transferee Company/ 
Demerged Company") and Refex Mobility Limited ("RML/ Resulting Company") and their 
respective shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 37 of SEBI 
LODR Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Reg. 94 (2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated March 13, 2026, has inter alia, given the following 
comment(s) on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: -
1. "The listed entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & 
recovery proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, 
if any, against the listed entity, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCL T 
and shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme." 
2. "The Entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the listed 
entity after filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of 
this letter, is displayed on the websites of the listed company and the stock 
exchanges." 
3. "The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to 
time. The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions 
of the Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Demerged Undertaking are 
transferred to the Resulting Company and all the liabilities of Transferor Company 
are transferred to Transferee Company." 
4. "The listed entity is advised that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted 
Companies, if any, involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format 
specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR 
Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for 
seeking approval." 
Page 1 of 5 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai • 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 I E: corp.comm @bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com I Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH2005P LC155188 
INTERNAL 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
5. "The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials 
considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old." 
6. "The listed entity is advised that the details of the proposed scheme under 
consideration as provided by the listed entity to the Stock Exchange shall be 
prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the Shareholders." 
7. "The listed entity is advised that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in 
terms of the "Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only." 
8. "The listed entity is advised that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the 
listed entity complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme 
document." 
9. "No changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ 
authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI." 
10. "The listed entity is advised that the observations of SE Bl/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to 
bring the observations to the notice of NCLT." 
11. "The listed entity to comply with the all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from 
the creditors for the proposed scheme." 
12. "The listed entity is advised to ensure that the following additional disclosure to the 
public shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, to 
enable them to take an informed decision." 
a) Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies involved, 
pre and post scheme. 
b) Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of listed entity. 
c) Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies 
involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost 
benefit analysis of the scheme. 
d) Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred 
to Transferee Company. 
e) Value of assets and liabilities of Demerged Company that are being transferred 
to Resultant Company. 
f) Latest financials of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting companies should be 
updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory 
statement. 
g) Revised shareholding pattern of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting 
companies Pre and Post-Scheme. 
Page 2 of 5 
INTERNAL 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
h) Pre and Post scheme shareholding of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting 
companies as on the date of notice of Shareholders meeting along with 
rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice 
to shareholders. 
i) Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders. 
j) The entity shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any to be 
submitted to SEBI along with draft scheme of arrangement as advised by email 
dated March 16, 2026 shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders. 
13. "It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCL T after 
processing and communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by 
SEBl/stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for 
representation as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI 
again for its comments/ observations I representations." 
14. "Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has 
been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for 
the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted." 
Accordingly, based on aforesaid comment offered by SEBI, the company is hereby advised: 
• To provide additional information, if any, (as stated above) along with various 
documents to the Exchange for further dissemination on Exchange website. 
To ensure that additional information, if any, (as stated aforesaid) along with various 
documents are disseminated on their (company) website. 
• To duly comply with various provisions of the circulars. 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited 
reference to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing 
requirements within the provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file 
the scheme with Hon'ble NCL T. 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the 
Company to the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose 
Information about unlisted companies involved in the format prescribed for abridged 
prospectus as specified in the circular dated June 20, 2023. 
Page 3 of 5 
INTERNAL 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
However, the listing of equity shares of Refex Mobility Limited shall be subject to SEBI granting 
relaxation under Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and 
compliance with the requirements of SEBI circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 
dated June 20, 2023. Further, Refex Mobility Limited shall comply with SEBI Act, Rules, 
Regulations, directions of the SEBI and any other statutory authority and Rules, Byelaws, and 
Regulations of the Exchange. The Companies shall fulfil the Exchange's criteria for listing the 
securities of such Companies and also comply with other applicable statutory requirements. 
However, the listing of shares of Refex Mobility Limited is at the discretion of the Exchange . 
In addition to the above, the listing of Refex Mobility Limited pursuant to the Scheme of 
Arrangement shall be subject to SEBI approval and the Company satisfying the following 
conditions: 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about of Refex 
Mobility Limited in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for public issues 
with BSE, for making the same available to the public through the website of the 
Exchange. Further, the Companies are also advised to make the same available to the 
public through its website. 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all details of Refex Mobility 
Limited in line with the details required as per the aforesaid SEBI circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. The advertisement should 
draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the 
website of the company as well as BSE. 
3. To disclose all the material information about of Refex Mobility Limited on a continuous 
basis so as to make the same public, in addition to the requirements if any, specified 
in Listing Agreement for disclosures about the subsidiaries. 
4. The following provisions shall be incorporated in the scheme: 
• "The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depository 
system till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange. " 
• ''There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern of Refex Mobility Limited 
between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this 
approval." 
Further you are also advised to bring the contents of this letter to the notice of your 
shareholders, all relevant authorities as deemed fit, and also in your application for approval 
of the scheme of Arrangement. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall 
be Six Months from the date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to 
the NCLT. 
Page 4 of 5 
INTERNAL 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation ' at any stage if the 
information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete / incorrect/ misleading / false 
or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange , Listing 
Agreement, Guidelines /Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with 
any other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(Act), read with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) 
Rules 2016 (Company Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company 
Rules wherein pursuant to an Order passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
a Notice of the proposed scheme of compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-
232 or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 as the case may be is required to be served 
upon the Exchange seeking representations or objections if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of 
serving such Notice along with the relevant documents of the proposed schemes 
through the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed 
through the Listing Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may 
please refer to circular dated February 26, 2019, issued to the company. 
Yours faithfully, 
Marian Dsouza 
Assistant Vice President 
iNTERNAL Abhishek Kadlak 
Deputy Manager 
Page 5 of 5 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51151 March 16, 2026
The Company Secretary,
Refex Industries Limited.
                             
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Observation Letter for draft Scheme of amalgamation and arrangement amongst Refex 
e shareholders and creditors under 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules 
made thereunder.
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Refex Industries Limited. 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/51151 dated January 23, 2026, submitted to SEBI 
pursuant to SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023
read with Regulation94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, SEBI vide its letter dated March 13, 2026 has interalia given the following comment(s) on the 
draft scheme of arrangement: 
a) The Company shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
approval of the scheme.
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed company and the Stock Exchanges.
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master Circular 
and ensure that all the liabilities of Demerged Undertaking are transferred to the Resulting 
Company and all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to Transferee Company.
d) The listed Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies 
involved, if any, involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the 
shareholders for seeking approval. 
e) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. 
NSE M Nifty50 
Green Mobility Limited ('the Transferor Company' or 'RGML') and Ref ex Industries Limited 
(the Transferee Company' or 'the Demerged Company' or 'RIL') and Refex Mobility Limited 
('the Resulting Company' or 'RML') and their respectiv 
N.a.fomilStoek Exchange llffodiaUm 'ited I 'Exchi!.nf,19 Plaza, C-1.,Blilck G,Baru:lra 
fadia +Q:l!. 22 26 598100 I www..n~iooia.com I C1N lf67120MH199 2PLC069769 This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra 
Date: Mon, Mar 16, 2026 16:42:05 IST 
Location: NSE 
El'.arulra {El, Mumw -400 0 51, 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51151                                  March 16, 2026Continuation Sheet
f) The listed Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the listed Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders.
g) The listed Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of 
the "Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only.
h) The listed Company shall ensure the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the listed Company
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
i) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
j) The listed Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the Company is obliged to bring the 
observations to the notice of NCLT.
k) The listed Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the 
creditors for the proposed scheme.
l) The listed Company shall ensure that the following additional disclosure to the public 
shareholders as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution 
to be passed to be forwarded by the Company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 
to 232 of the Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision.
1. Details of assets, liabilities, net worth and revenue of the companies involved, pre and post 
scheme.
2. Impact of scheme on revenue generating capacity of listed entity.
3. Need and Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of the companies involved in the 
scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.
4. Value of assets and liabilities of Transferor Company that are being transferred to 
Transferee Company.
5. Value of assets and liabilities of Demerged Company that are being transferred to 
Resultant Company.
6. Latest financials of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting companies should be updated on 
the Website and same also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement.
7. Revised shareholding pattern of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting companies Pre and 
Post-Scheme.
8. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of Transferor, Transferee and Resulting companies as 
on the date of notice of Shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, 
occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.
NSE 
This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra 
Date: Mon, Mar 16, 2026 16:42:05 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51151                                  March 16, 2026Continuation Sheet
9. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to 
the shareholders.
10. The Company shall ensure that applicable additional information, if any to be submitted 
to SEBI along with draft scheme of arrangement as advised by email dated September 21, 
2023 shall form part of disclosures to the shareholders.
m) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
n) Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Refex Mobility Limited
is at the discretion of the Exchange.
NSE 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our "No objection" in 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange's criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
This Documen t is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra 
Date: Mon, Mar 16, 2026 16:42:05 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51151                                  March 16, 2026Continuation Sheet
The listing of Refex Mobility Limited pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement shall 
be subject to SEBI approval & Company satisfying the following conditions:
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Refex Mobility Limited
and its group companies in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for public issues with 
website of the companies. The following lines must be inserted as a disclaimer clause in the Information 
Memorandum:
been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness 
or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does not in any manner take any 
responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Refex Mobility Limited, its promoters, its 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information Refex Mobility Limited
in line with the details required as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 
June 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information 
Memorandum available on the website of the company as well as NSE.
3. To disclose all the material information about Refex Mobility Limited to NSE on continuous basis to 
make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme: 
a)
b) Refex Mobility Limited
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Refex Mobility Limited
shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading in securities 
on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of thelisted entity (or transfer entity) are/were listed. 
Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict adherence to said timeline.
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.
NSE 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE '') for making the same available to the public through 
"The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the Scheme has 
management etc. " 
"The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system till 
listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange. " 
"There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in 
between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this approval. " 
commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon'ble High Court/NCLT, simultaneously 
This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra 
Date: Mon, Mar 16, 2026 16:42:05 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/51151                                  March 16, 2026Continuation Sheet
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the 
No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.
March 16, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37 of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status. 
Yours faithfully, 
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Shiwani Mundhra
Manager
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                           
URL:https://www.nseindia.com/companies-listing/raising-capital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist
NSE 
The validity of this "Observation Letter" shall be six months from 
This Documen t is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Shiwani Mundhra 
Date: Mon, Mar 16, 2026 16:42:05 IST 
Location: NSE 