 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered  Office : First Floor , Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 1100 55                                  Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  2nd Floor, Plot A -3,4 & 5, Club 125, Tower B, Sector -125, Noida  – 201301 , Uttar Pradesh.                 Phone  No.: +91 -120-635 5040  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
 
 
 
Date: February 14, 2026  
 
BSE Limited (“BSE ”), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 532915   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot no.C/1,   
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,   
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
NSE Scrip Symbol: RELIGARE  
 
Sub:  Outcome of meeting of the Board of Directors of Religare Enterprises  Limited 
(“Company”) – Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “SEBI 
LODR Regulations ”)  
 
Ref:  Scheme of Arrangement between Religare Enterprises Limited  (“Demerged 
Company”/ “ REL ”) and Religare  Finvest Limited  (“Resulting Company”/ “ RFL”) and 
their respective shareholders and creditors (“Scheme of Arrangement” or “Scheme”)  
 
Dear Sir /Madam ,  
 
In compliance  with Regulation 30  read with Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations , we wish to 
inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board ”) after considering  
recommendations in the Report of the Audit  & Governance  Committee and Committee of 
Independent Directors , at its meeting held today, viz , February 14, 2026 has, inter alia , considered 
and approved the Scheme of Arrangement between Religare Enterprises  Limited ( “Demerged 
Company ”/“REL ”/“Company ”) and Religare Finvest  Limited  (“Resulting Company ”/“RFL ”) and 
their respective shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 read with section 52 and 66 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”) (such s cheme  referred to as the 
“Scheme ”). 
 
The Scheme  inter alia  provides  for (i) demerger, transfer and vesting of the Demerged Undertaking 
(as defined in the Scheme ) from the Demerged Company into the Resulting Company on a going 
concern  basis and issue of equity shares by the Resulting Company to the shareholders of the 
Demerged Company in consideration thereof; (ii) consequent reduction and cancellation of the 
entire pre -scheme share capital of the Resulting Company; and (iii) various o ther matters 
consequential or integrally connected therewith, pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 read with 
Section 52 and 66 and other applicable provisions of the Act ( as defined in the Scheme ) in the 
manner provided for in this Scheme and in comp liance with the provisions of the SEBI Scheme 
Circular – Equity ( as defined in the Scheme ) and the Income Tax Act ( as defined in the Scheme ), 
including Section 2(19AA) thereof .  
 
The Scheme is inter alia  subject to receipt of the appr ovals of shareholders and creditors of the 
Demerged Compan y and the Resulting Company , Securities and Exchange Board of India, Reserve 
Bank of India, National Company Law Tribunal, and other regulatory authorities, as may be 
applicable.  
 
The Scheme as approved by the Board would be available on the website of the Company at 
www.religare.com  after submi ssion of  the same with BSE  Limited  and N ational Stock Exchange of 
India  Limited . 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered  Office : First Floor , Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 1100 55                                  Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  2nd Floor, Plot A -3,4 & 5, Club 125, Tower B, Sector -125, Noida  – 201301 , Uttar Pradesh.                 Phone  No.: +91 -120-635 5040  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
 
 
 
 
Details as  required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations  read with SEBI Circular No 
SEBI/HO/ 49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD -POD2/I/3762/2026  dated January 30 , 202 6 (“SEBI Circular ”) 
are provided in the Annexure  I. 
 
The Board meeting commenced at 07:30  p.m. IST and concluded at 07:54  p.m.  IST. 
 
Press Release in this regard is e nclosed as Annexure -II. 
 
We request you to take this on record, and to treat the same as compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the  SEBI LODR Regulations . 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Religare Enterprises  Limited  
 
 
Anuj Jain  
Company Secretary & Compliance Off icer 
 
Encl : As above   
 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered  Office : First Floor , Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 1100 55                                  Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  2nd Floor, Plot A -3,4 & 5, Club 125, Tower B, Sector -125, Noida  – 201301 , Uttar Pradesh.                 Phone  No.: +91 -120-635 5040  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
 
 
 
Annexure I  
 
Sr. Particulars  Details  
1 Brief details of  the 
division (s) to be  demerged ; The Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) 
means means all the businesses, undertakings, activities 
and operations of the Demerged Company pertaining to the 
financial services business activities including lending 
activities, broking activities, investment activities and 
ancillary and support services, on a going concern basis, 
together with all its assets, properties, investments and 
liabilities of whatsoever nature and kind . Provided that, the 
Demerged Undertaking shall exclude the Remaining 
Business ( as defined in the Scheme ) compris ing of all the 
units, divisions, undertakings, assets and liabilities in 
relation to the Demerged Company’s insurance business, 
comprising of its investment and shareholding in Care 
Health Insurance Limited . 
2 Turnover of the demerged 
division and as perc entage 
to the total turnover of the 
listed entity in the 
immediately preceding 
financial year / based on 
financials of the last 
financial year;  The turnover of the Demerged Undertaking for the year 
ended 31  March , 202 5 was INR 457.29 Crores on a 
consolidated basis  representing 6.2% of the total 
consolidated turnover of the Company for the year ended 
31 March , 202 5.  
 
3 Rationale for demerger ; (i) The Demerged Company has interests in multiple 
businesses and business activities, amongst which are 
the businesses and activities comprising of the 
Demerged Undertaking. The business and activities 
forming part of the Demerged Undertaking are 
carried on b y the Demerged Company directly or 
through its subsidiaries . 
(ii) Further growth and expansion of the businesses 
comprising of the Demerged Undertaking would 
require differentiated strategy aligned to its industry 
specific risks, market dynamics and growth tr ajectory.  
(iii) The nature and competition involved in the 
businesses comprising of the Demerged Undertaking 
is distinct from the other businesses and it is capable 
of attracting a different set of investors, strategic 
partners, lenders and other stakeholders.  
 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered  Office : First Floor , Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 1100 55                                  Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  2nd Floor, Plot A -3,4 & 5, Club 125, Tower B, Sector -125, Noida  – 201301 , Uttar Pradesh.                 Phone  No.: +91 -120-635 5040  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
 
 
 
Sr. Particulars  Details  
(iv) The following benefits shall accrue on demerger of 
the Demerged Undertaking into the Resulting 
Company:  
(a) creation of an independent company focusing 
exclusively on the businesses undertaken by the 
Demerged Undertaking and exploring 
opportunities in the  said sector;  
(b) the independent company can attract different 
sets of investors, strategic partners, lenders and 
other stakeholders having a specific interest in 
the businesses undertaken by the Demerged 
Company;  
(c) creation of an independent company facil itates 
more targeted and efficient regulatory 
compliance and supervision of the businesses 
comprising of the Demerged Undertaking;  
(d) enable the formulation and implementation of 
risk management policies and internal 
compliance frameworks that will improve 
monitoring of risks associated with the 
businesses comprised of the Demerged 
Undertaking;  
(e) will enable the Resulting Company to focus and 
enhance the business comprising of the 
Demerged Undertaking by streamlining the 
management structure and ensuring bet ter 
management and governance control;  
(f) given the unique characteristics of the 
businesses comprising of the Demerged 
Undertaking, creation of a separate publicly 
listed company for the Demerged Undertaking 
will enable the Resulting Company to pursue 
new growth opportunities, attract and retain 
sector‑focused talent and resources, and create 
sustainable value for shareholders; and  
(g) unlock the value of the businesses comprising of 
the Demerged Undertaking for the shareholders 
of the Demerged Company . 
4 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of all entities ;  There shall be no change in shareholding pattern of 
REL pursuant to Scheme.  
 As regards to RFL, RFL is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered  Office : First Floor , Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 1100 55                                  Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  2nd Floor, Plot A -3,4 & 5, Club 125, Tower B, Sector -125, Noida  – 201301 , Uttar Pradesh.                 Phone  No.: +91 -120-635 5040  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
 
 
 
Sr. Particulars  Details  
REL.  Upon the Scheme becoming effective and in 
cons ideration of the transfer and vesting of the 
Demerged Undertaking from REL  to RFL  in terms of 
this Scheme, RFL  shall, issue and allot equity shares to 
all the members of REL , holding fully paid -up equity 
shares on the Record Date  (as defined in the Scheme ) in 
the following manner:  
“1 fully paid -up equity share of INR 10/ - each 
of the Resulting Company ("Resulting Company 
New Equity Shares"), credited as fully paid -up, 
for every 1 equity share of INR 10/ - each of the 
Demerged Company ”  
 Following the issuanc e of the equity shares  as above in 
consideration of the demerger, the existing 
shareholding of REL  in RFL  shall stand cancelled and 
extinguished without any further act, instrument or 
deed.  
 Consequently , RFL’s post -scheme equity shareholding 
pattern shall mirror REL’s equity shareholding pattern 
as on Record Date ( as defined in the Scheme ). 
5 In case of cash consideration 
– amount  or otherwise share 
exchange ratio ;  No cash consideration is payable under the Scheme . 
 The consideration for the demerger will be discharged 
by the issue of equity shares by the Resulting Company 
as follows :  
“1 fully paid -up equity share of the Resulting 
Company having face value of INR 10  (Indian 
Rupee Ten) each   for every 1 (One) fully paid -
up equity share of INR 10  (Indian Rupee Ten)  
each of the Demerged Company ”  
6 Whether listing would be 
sought for the resulting 
entity  Yes. The equity shares of the Resulting Company will be 
listed on BSE  and NSE . 
 
 
Press Release  
 
Religare Enterprises Ltd Announces Strategic Demerger to Unlock Shareholder Value and 
Accelerate Growth Across Insurance and  Financial Services  Businesses  
 
New Delhi, February 14 , 2026:  The Board of Religare Enterprises Limited (REL) and Religare Finvest 
Limited (RFL) have approved a demerger that will segregate  the company's  financial services  and 
insurance business es into two independent  listed entities.  Under the proposed scheme of 
arrangement, REL will retain its stake in Care Health Insurance Limited (CHIL) which will  continue as 
an insurance -focused entity. The Financial services  business comprising  lending activities, broking 
activities, investment activities and  ancillary and supp ort services will be transferred to RFL on a going 
concern basis.   
 
The demerger is designed to achieve four key objectives:  
 Streamlining businesses:  Segregation of financial services from insurance to create independent, 
focused entities that can attract different investor profiles suited to each sector.  
 Listing financial services business:  Separate listing of RFL to unlock value for shareholders and 
enable pursuit of distinct growth opportunities.  
 Focused management attention:  Enable mapping of employee p erformance and rewards to 
respective business outcomes, and facilitate attraction and retention of sector -specific talent and 
resources.  
 Risk management and compliance:  Implement risk management policies and internal compliance 
frameworks tailored to each business, improving monitoring and control.  
 
As consideration for the demerger, RFL will issue fully paid -up equity shares to REL shareholders on a 
1:1 basis. Post -demerger, RFL's shareholding pattern will mirror REL's pre -demerger shareholding.  
 
Commenti ng on the demerger, Mr. Pratul Gupta, Chief Financial Officer, Religare Enterprises Limited  
said, "We are simplifying our corporate structure to create two focused, well -capitalised and agile 
entities with distinct mandates. Each entity will benefit from i mproved capital allocation efficiency, 
enhanced transparency for investors, and the ability to optimize its capital structure based on its 
business characteristics and growth requirements. This transaction is expected to broaden our 
combined investor base,  reduce complexity, and create two well -capitalised platforms ready to pursue 
their strategic ambitions independently. We are confident that this transformation will establish both 
entities as leaders in their respective domains, each with the resources, f ocus, and flexibility to 
capitalise on significant growth opportunities ahead."  
 
Following the evaluation of various structural alternatives  with leading advisor s, the Boards of REL and 
RFL determined that the proposed demerger represents the most efficient path to create focused 
platforms with enhanced governance and strategic flexibility. Post -demerger, RFL will be listed on BSE 
and NSE with mirror image sharehold ing as REL.  
 
The demerger will be implemented through a Scheme of Arrangement to be filed with and approved 
by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT). The transaction is subject to requisite statutory 
 
and regulatory approvals, including approval s from shareholders and creditors, and other customary 
conditions precedent.  
 
The company endeavour s to complete the process and list RFL in Q1 of FY28. There will be no 
interruption to business operations and no impact on employees, customers, or partners  during the 
implementation period. REL and its operating subsidiaries remain committed to ensuring operational 
continuity and a seamless transition throughout the implementation of the NCLT -approved scheme.  
### 
 
About Religare:  
Religare Enterprises Limited  (REL) is a diversified financial services group present across three verticals. REL 
offers an integrated suite of financial services through its underlying subsidiaries and operating entities, 
including loans to SMEs, Affordable Housing Finance, Health In surance and Retail Broking. REL is listed on the 
BSE (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange) and National Stock Exchange (NSE) in India.  
 
As a group, Religare caters to diverse segments of the market from mass retail to affluent, SMEs to mid -size 
corporates. Subs idiaries service over 1.1 mn. clients from over 1,275 locations having presence in more than 400 
cities.  For more information please visit https://www.religare.com .  
 
For media queries please contact:  
Religare PR an d Marketing  
Rajiv Ranjay Sarkar, rajiv.sarkar@religare.com   
Swati Rawat, swati.rawat@religare.com   
 