  
 
Religare Enterprises Limited  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC146935  
Registered Office : First Floor, Office No. 101, 2E/23, Jhandewalan Extn., New Delhi – 110055                                           Phone No.: +91 -11- 4167 9692  
Corporate Office:  1st Floor, Tower A, Club 125, Plot A -3,4, 5, Sector -125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh                             Phone No.: +91 -120- 4384 941  
www. religare.com  / investorservices@religare.com  
Date: July 07, 2026  
  
To,  
The General  Manager,      Manager – Listing Compliance,   
Department of Corporate  Services,    National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
BSE  Limited,       ‘Exchange Plaza’,  C-1, Block G,   
P.J. Towers,  Dalal  Street,     Bandra  Kurla  Complex,  Bandra  (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001      Mumbai – 400 051   
Scrip Code – 532915            Symbol: RELIGARE  
 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”).  
 
Ref:  Receipt of Observation Letter with ‘no objection’ from National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and ‘no adverse observations’ from BSE Limited in relation to the Scheme of 
Arrangement between Religare Enterprises Limited (“Demerged Company”/ “REL”) and 
Religare Finvest Limited (“Resulting Company”/“RFL”) and their respective shareholders 
and creditors ("Scheme")  
 
Dear Sir /Madam ,  
 
We refer to our earlier letter dated February  14, 202 6 wherein we had informed about the decision 
taken by the Board of Directors of the Company approving the Scheme of Arrangement between 
Religare Enterprises Limited (“Demerged Company”/ “REL”) and Religare Finvest Limited (“Resulting 
Company”/“RFL”) and their respective shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 read with 
section 52 and 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) ("Scheme") .  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received observation letter with  no 
objection’ from National Stock Exchange of India Limited on July 07, 2026  and observation letter with 
‘‘no adverse observations’ from BSE Limited on July 07, 2026 . The copies of said letter s are enclosed 
herewith.  
 
Please note that the observation letters are also being hosted on the Company’s website at:  
https://www.religare.com/scheme -of-arrangement . 
 
The Scheme remains subject to various statutory and regulatory approvals and of the respective 
shareholders and creditors of the companies involved in the Scheme, as may be required.  
 
We request you to take this on record, and to treat the same as compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations.  
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Religare Enterprises Limited  
 
 
 
Anuj Jain  
Comp any Secret ary & Compliance Office  
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 
   
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53888                                      July 07, 2026  
The Company Secretary  
Religare Enterprises Limited  
                                 
Dear Sir  /Madam , 
 
Sub: Observation Letter  for draft Scheme of Arrangement between Religare Enterprises Limited 
and Religare Finvest Limited and their respective shareholders and creditors, pursuant to Sections 
230 to 232 read with Section 52 and 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with applicable rules made thereunder.  
 
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Religare Enterprises Limited . 
 
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/  53888 dated May 22,  2026,  submitted to SEBI pursuant to 
SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 and Regulation 
94(2) SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, SEBI vide its letter 
dated July 0 7, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft scheme of arrangement :  
 
a) The Company  shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing  adjudication & recovery proceedings, 
prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the Company, its 
promoters and directors, before the Hon’ble  NCLT  and shareholders, while seeking approval of the 
scheme.  
 
b) The Company  shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by  the Company after filing 
the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on the websites 
of the listed company . 
 
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.  
 
d) The Company shall  ensure that the entities  involved shall  duly comply with various provisions of the 
Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of the demerged Company  shall stand transferred to and 
vested in and be deemed to be transferred to and vested in the resulting company . 
 
e) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies invo lved, if 
any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations. 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval.  
 
f) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old. 
 
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53888                                           July 0 7, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
 g) The Company shall ensure that  the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as provided by 
the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent to the 
Shareholders.  
 
h) The Companies to disclose the fol lowing as a part of explanatory statement or notice or proposal 
accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 –  
 
i. Need for demerger, rationale of the scheme, synergies of  business of the entities involved in 
the scheme, impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the s cheme.  
ii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Valuation Report and Merchant Banker issuing Fairness opinion, Summary of methods considered for arriving at the Share -Swap Ratio and Rationale 
for using above methods.  
iii. Basis for arriving at the share swap ratio.  
iv. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of all the companies involved in the scheme as on the date of notice of shareholders meeting along with rationale for changes, if any, occurred between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders.  
v. Capital built -up of all the companies involved in the scheme since incorporation and last 3 
years.  
vi. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the scheme for last 3  
years.  
vii. Value of Assets and liabilities of demerged company that are being transferred to resulting company and post -demerger balance sheet of resulting, 
viii. Details of potential benefits and risks associated with the demerger.  
ix. Details of accounting method to be used for the Schem e in the books of ac counts of  demerged 
and resulting company as per the Certificate submitted by the Statutory Auditor. 
x. Financial implication of the demerger on Promoters, Public Shareholders and the companies involved in the scheme along with future growth prospects of demerged and resulting 
company pursuant to demerger. 
xi. Details of approval required from Reserve Bank of India.  
 
i) The Company  shall ensure to d isclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme 
its promoters/ director s/KMPs 
 
j) The Companies shall ensure that all the applicable additional information, if any, shall form part of 
disclosures to shareholders, which was submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange as per Annexure L of Exchange checklist  
 
k) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only.  
 
l) The Company shall ensure that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant complying 
with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.  
 
 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53888                                           July 0 7, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
 m) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by  the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of  SEBI 
 
n) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated in 
the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to the notice of NCLT. 
 
o) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including  obtaining the consent from the creditors for the 
proposed schem e 
 
p) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of  
Companies  Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.  
q) The Company shall ensure that the listed entity involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-
Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
r) Please note that the submission of documents/information in accordance with the  Circular to SEBI 
should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National Stock 
Exchange of India  Limited  (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any responsibility 
either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the documents submitted.  
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of  
Compan ies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations.  
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to SEBI and 
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by SEBI and NSE. SEBI and NSE does not take any responsibility either 
for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.  
   
 
  
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53888                                           July 0 7, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
 Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our “No objection” in 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.  
 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Religare Finvest Limited  
is at the discretion of the Exchange.  
 The listing of Religare Finvest Limited pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to SEBI 
approval & Company satisfying the following conditions:  
 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Religare Finvest Limited and its group Companies  in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for public 
issues with National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for making the same available to 
the public through website of the  Company . The following lines must be inserted as a disclaimer 
clause in the Information Memorandum:  
 
“The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the 
Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Religare Finvest Limited , its promoters, its management etc.”  
 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information Religare Finvest 
Limited in line with the details required as per SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the 
company as well as NSE. 
 
3. To disclose all the material information about Religare Finvest Limited to NSE on continuous 
basis to make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, specified in SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries  
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:  
 
a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.”  
b) “There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in Religare Finvest 
Limited between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this 
approval.”  
  
 
  
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53888                                           July 0 7, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet  
 With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, Religare Finvest Limited 
shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading in securities 
commences within sixty days of receipt of the order of the Hon’ble High Court/NCLT, simultaneously 
on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the  listed entity (or transfer entity) are/were listed. 
Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict adherence to said timeline.  
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Lis ting Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.  
 
The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies ) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the 
No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same.  
 
The validity of this “Observation Letter” shall be six months from July 0 7, 2026, within which the 
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.  
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act /Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is  requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
 
 
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue > Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to Compliance Status.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Saili Kamble  
Manager  
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following                                        
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies -listing/raising -capital -further -issues- main -sme-checklist   
 



