 
 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
  
Rubicon Research Limited  (formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited ) | CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744 
 
Registered Office:  Plot No. B-75, MedOne House, Road No. 33, Wagle Estate, Thane West, PIN – 400 604, Maharashtra, India 
긒긓 +91-22-61414000 / 50414000 | 긼긽긾긿김 reachus@rubicon.co.in | 艒 www.rubicon.co.in  
 
  
Date: July 22, 2026  
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department  BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street – Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544578 To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, 5
th floor, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: RUBICON 
 Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 37(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘ LODR Regulations’)  
 
Sub: Filing of Scheme of Merger of Kia Health Tech Private Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary) with Rubicon Research Limited – For Disclosure Purposes Only, in  terms of the Exemption under Paragraph 4 of SEBI 
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We refer to the captioned Scheme of Merg er of Kia Health Tech Private Limited (“ Transferor Company ”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Rubicon Research Limited (“ Company ”/ “ Transferee  Company ”), with the 
Company, approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on July 20, 2026, under 
Section 233 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Ru le 25 of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (“ Scheme ”).  
 
The Scheme is conditional upon and subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals/permissions and approval of the members and consent from the secured and unsecured creditors of Transferor and Transferee 
Company. Any amendments, modifications, or revisions to the Scheme arising from stakeholder approvals or regulatory observations/approvals shall be promptly intimated to the relevant Stock Exchange(s).  
 The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the entire paid-up equity share 
capital of the Transferor Company is held by the Co mpany, either directly or  through its nominees. The 
Scheme solely provides for the merger of the Transf eror Company with the Company, and does not involve 
any other entity, any change in the shareholding patt ern of the Company, or any issuance of shares or 
payment of consideration.  
In terms of Paragraph 4 of the Preliminary Section of SEBI Mast er Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 (“ Master Circular ”), read with the proviso to Regulation 37 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regu lations, 2015 (“ LODR  Regulations ”), the provisions of 
the said Master Circular – includin g the requirement to obtain prior ap proval or a no-objection letter (“ NOC ”) 
from the Stock Exchange(s) before filing a scheme  of arrangement with the National Company Law 
Tribunal/Regional Director – shall not apply to schemes which solely provide for the merger of a wholly owned Rubicon® 
RESEARCH ~ 
INNOVATION I QUALITY I CARE 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
  
Rubicon Research Limited  (formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited ) | CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744 
 
Registered Office:  Plot No. B-75, MedOne House, Road No. 33, Wagle Estate, Thane West, PIN – 400 604, Maharashtra, India 
긒긓 +91-22-61414000 / 50414000 | 긼긽긾긿김 reachus@rubicon.co.in | 艒 www.rubicon.co.in  
 
 subsidiary with its parent company. As the Scheme falls squarely within this exemption, application for an 
NOC/observation letter under Regulation 37 of the LODR Regulations in relation to the Scheme is not required. 
 Accordingly, and solely for the purpose of disclosure as contemplated under the proviso to Paragraph 4 of the 
aforesaid Master Circular, we enclose herewith: 
 1.   A signed and stamped copy of the Scheme; and 2.   A certified true copy of the Board Resolution dated July 20, 2026, approving the Scheme. 
 We request you to kindly take the above on record an d arrange to disseminate the Scheme on the website of 
the Exchange, in terms of Pa ragraph 4 of the Master Ci rcular referred to above. 
 
This letter is submitted without prejudice to, and does not constitute, an application under Regulation 37 of 
the LODR Regulations, and should not be treated as such.  
Kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter and its enclosures.  
Yours faithfully,  
For Rubicon Research Limited  
(Formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) 
 
 
 Deepashree Tanksale  
Company Secretary  M. No. A28132 
 Encl. as above  Rubicon® 
RESEARCH ,....--------.. 
INNOVATION I QUALITY I CARE 
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT AND AMALGAMATION 
OF 
KIA HEALTH TECH PRIVATE LIMITED 
(TRANSFEROR COMPANY) 
WITH 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
(TRANSFEREE COMPANY) 
(UNDER SECTION 233 AND OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND RULES THEREUNDER) 
Page 1 of24 
A. PREAMBLE 
This Scheme (defined in Part I below) of arrangement and amalgamation is presented 
pursuant to the provisions of the Act (defined in Part I below) for the restructuring of 
the businesses of Rubicon Research Limited ("Rubicon / Transferee Company") 
(formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) and Kia Health Tech Private 
Limited ("Kia/ Transferor Company") by way of the amalgamation of Kia (in terms 
of Part III of the Scheme) with Rubicon. 
B. BACKGROUND OF THE COMPANIES 
1. Rubicon Research Limited ("Rubicon / Transferee Company") 
(a) Rubicon (CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744) is a public limited company, 
incorporated on May 6,1999 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. 
The registered office of Rubicon is situated at Medone House, B-75, Road No. 
33 Wagle Estate, Thane West, Maharashtra, India, 400604. 
(b) Rubicon converted from a private limited company to a public limited company 
on July 23, 2024, and subsequently listed its shares on the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") and the BSE Limited ("BSE") on October 
16, 2025. 
( c) Rubicon is engaged in the business of undertaking scientific, technical, and 
clinical research in pharmaceuticals and healthcare, manufacturing of 
formulations, medicinal preparations, chemicals, intermediates, and dealing in 
medicinal plants and extracts. 
2. Kia Health Tech Private Limited ("Kia / Transferor Company") 
(a) Kia (CIN: U24239MH2021PTC364174), a private limited company, 
incorporated on July 19, 2021, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. The registered office of Kia is situated at Plot No. B-75, Medone House 
Wagle Estate, MIDC Rd No. 33, Thane, Maharashtra, India, 400604. The 
Transferor Company, prior to January 2022, was known as KIA Biopharma 
Technologies Private Limited. 
(b) The Transferor Company 1s a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company. 
As per the Memorandum of Association of Kia, Kia shall inter alia engage in 
the business of developing, licensing, acquiring; distributing, repacking, 
manufacturing, and trading of pharmaceutical products both prescription and 
OTC, consumer healthcare, wellness and hygiene products, healthcare 
technology, and data analytics. Pursuant to the above, the Transferor Company 
Page 2 of24 
is setting up its manufacturing plant at Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar, 
Maharashtra. 
C. RA TI ON ALE 
1. This Scheme (defined in Part I below) is proposed with a view to achieve the following: 
(a) The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company engaged in similar activities. The proposed amalgamation of the 
Transferor Company with the Transferee Company would result in business 
synergy and pooling of their resources into a single entity which would 
facilitate in exploiting the significant potential for growth. 
(b) The proposed Amalgamation (defined in Part I below) would result in 
optimising and leveraging existing resources of these companies for the most 
beneficial utilization of these factors in the combined entity. It would be 
advantageous to combine the activities and operations of the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company in a single entity and building strong 
capability to effectively meet future challenges in a competitive business 
environment. 
( c) The proposed Scheme will result in usual economies of a centralized and a 
large company, including elimination of duplicate work, reduction in 
overheads, better and more productive utilization of financial, human and other 
resources and enhancement of overall business efficiency. The proposed 
Scheme will enable the companies to combine their managerial and operating 
strength, to build a wider capital and financial base and to promote and secure 
overall growth. 
(d) The Amalgamation will result in significant reduction in multiplicity of legal 
and regulatory compliances which at present is required to be made separately 
by the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. 
(e) Greater efficiency in cash management of the Transferee Company and 
unfettered access to cash flow generated by the combined business which can 
be deployed more efficiently to fund organic and inorganic growth 
opportunities. 
(f) The Amalgamation will augment and diversify the manufacturing footprint and 
capabilities of Rubicon, by increasing the scale of manufacturing operations 
and bettering capacity utilisation of Rubicon, thereby helping in rationalising 
the number of vendors, aggregating the purchase quantity and managing the 
procurement supply chain more effectively and efficiently. 
Thus, this Scheme, as envisaged, is in the interest of the shareholders, creditors, 
Page 3 of24 
employees, and other stakeholders in each of the companies by pursuing a 
focused business approach under a single entity, thereby resulting in overall 
maximization of value creation of all the stakeholders involved. 
2. The respective Board of Directors (defined in Part I below) of Kia and Rubicon after 
detailed deliberation and consideration, have propounded this Scheme and have 
approved the Amalgamation (defined in Part I below) by way of the Scheme in the 
sequence as provided hereinafter. 
D. GENERAL 
3. This Scheme is divided into the following parts: 
(a) Part I provides for the definitions and interpretations; 
(b) Part II provides for the capital structure of the Transferor Company and 
Transferee Company; 
( c) Part III provides for the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company; and 
( d) Part IV deals with other general terms and conditions as applicable to the 
Scheme. 
I 
.. 
Page 4 of24 
PART I-DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
In this Scheme, unless repugnant to the meaning or context thereof, the following terms 
and expressions shall have the meanings given against them: 
"Act" means the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules and regulations made thereunder, 
and includes any alterations, modifications, amendments made thereto and/or any re­
enactment thereof; 
"Amalgamation" means the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the 
Transferee Company in accordance with Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025, in 
terms of Part III of the Scheme as approved by the Regional Director or any other 
competent authority, as the case may be; 
"Applicable Laws" shall mean any statute, notification, bye-laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, rule of common law, policy, code, directives, ordinance, orders or 
instructions having the force of law enacted or issued by any Appropriate Authority, 
including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force; 
"Appointed Date" means April 1, 2026, or such other date as the Regional Director 
may decide/ approve, being the date with effect from which Parts III and IV of the 
Scheme shall take place and/or be deemed to have taken place, in the same sequential 
order as stated herein; 
"Appropriate Authority" means any governmental body (central, state or local 
Government), legislative body, statutory body, departmental or public body or 
regulatory or administrative authority, judicial or arbitral body or other organization 
operating under the force of law including the Income Tax authorities and other 
applicable authorities to the extent that the rules, regulations, standards, requirements, 
procedures or orders of such authority, body, or other organization have the force of 
law as may be relevant in the context; 
"Board of Directors" or "Board" in relation to the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company as the case may be, means the board of directors of such company, 
I and shall include a committee duly constituted and authorised for the purposes of 
matters pertaining to the Scheme and/or any other matter relating thereto; 
• "Central Government" or the "Regional Director" means the Regional Director, as 
notified vide notification dated December 19, 2016 (F. No. 2/31/CAA/2013-CL-V) 
S.O. 4090(E) for the purpose of Section 233 of the Act or such other section prescribed 
rein, as the case may be and for this Scheme shall mean Regional Director, Western 
Directorate II; 
Page 5 of24 
"CIN" means Corporate Identity Number issued by the Registrar of Companies; 
"Effective Date" means the date on which the certified copy of the Order passed by 
the Regional Director, sanctioning the Scheme, is filed with the concerned Registrar of 
Companies, Ministry of Corporate Affairs. References in this Scheme to date of 'upon 
this Scheme becoming effective' or 'upon this Scheme coming into effect' shall mean 
the Effective Date; 
"Encumbrance" means any options, pledge, mortgage, lien, security, interest, claim, 
charge, pre-emptive right, easement, limitation, attachment, restraint or any other 
encumbrance of any kind or nature whatsoever, and the term "Encumbered" shall be 
construed accordingly; 
"Income Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act, 2025, including any amendments made 
therein or statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force 
and rules and regulations, circulars, and notifications issued thereunder, each as 
amended from time to time and to extent in force; 
"IND AS" means the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Act as notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015; 
"Intellectual Property Rights" means, whether registered or not, in the name of or 
recognized under Applicable Laws as being intellectual property of the Transferor 
Company, or in the nature of common law rights of the Transferor Company, all 
domestic and foreign (a) trademarks, service marks, brand names, internet domain 
names, websites, online web portals, trade names, logos, uniforms and all applications 
and registration for the foregoing and all goodwill associated with the foregoing and 
symbolized by the foregoing; (b) confidential and proprietary information and trade 
secrets; ( c) published and unpublished works of authorship and copyrights therein, and 
registrations and applications therefor, and all renewals, extensions, restorations and 
reversions thereof; ( d) computer software, programs (including source code, object 
code, firmware, operating systems and specifications) and processes; ( e) designs, 
drawings, sketches; (f) tools, databases, frameworks, customer data, proprietary 
information, knowledge, any other technology or know-how, licenses, software 
licenses and formulas; (g) ideas and all other intellectual property or proprietary rights; 
and (h) all rights in all of the foregoing provided by Applicable Laws. 
"Legal Proceedings" means proceedings of whatsoever nature, civil or criminal, 
including any notices, disputes, suits, actions, appeals, arbitrations, execution 
proceedings, revisions, writ petitions, suits and taxation proceedings, pending before 
any statutory or quasi-judicial authority or tribunal or any proceedings of whatsoever 
nature; 
~E=:~ "Liabilities" means all present and future liabilities including contingent liabilities, 
.¢ U;red and unsecured debts (whether in Indian rupees or foreign currency), duties and 
L .., Page 6 of24 
obligations or obligations of every kind, nature and description whatsoever and 
howsoever arising, raised or incurred or utilised for its business activities and operations 
along with any Encumbrance, including any bank guarantees thereon; 
"Registrar of Companies" means the Registrar of Companies, at Mumbai (ROC 
Mumbai II); 
"Sanction Order / Order" means the order of the Regional Director sanctioning this 
Scheme under Section 233 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act and the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, including 
any alteration, modification, amendment made thereto and supplementary 
orders/directions in relation thereto; 
"Scheme" or "the Scheme" or "this Scheme" means this Scheme of Amalgamation 
pursuant to Section 233 of the Act, the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act, 2025, and other 
applicable provisions, if any, in its present form submitted to the Regional Director or 
any other Appropriate Authority with any modification(s) thereto as the Regional 
Director or any other Appropriate Authority may require, direct or approve; 
"SEBI" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India; and 
"Stock Exchange(s)" refers to the Indian stock exchanges, National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited (NSE) and/or BSE Limited (BSE). 
1.1. All tenns and words used but not defined in this Scheme shall, unless repugnant or 
contrary to the context or meaning thereof, have the same meaning ascribed to them 
under the Act, as applicable, the Income Tax Act and other Applicable Laws, rules, 
directions, guidelines, regulations, bye-laws, as the case may be or any statutory 
modification or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force. 
1.2. In this Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(a) words denoting singular shall include plural and vice versa; 
(b) headings and bold typeface are only for convenience and shall be ignored for 
the purposes of interpretation; 
( c) references to the word "include" or "including" shall be construed without 
limitation; 
( d) a reference to an article, clause, section or paragraph is, unless indicated to the 
contrary, a reference to an article, clause, section or paragraph of this Scheme; 
•( e) unless otherwise defined, the reference to the word "days" shall mean calendar 
Page 7 of24 
days; 
( f) references to dates and times shall be construed to be references to Indian dates 
and times; 
(g) reference to a document includes an amendment or supplement to, or 
replacement or novation of, that document; 
(h) references to a person include any individual, firm, body corporate (whether 
incorporated or not), government, state or agency of a state or any joint venture, 
association, partnership, works councillor employee representatives body 
(whether or not having separate legal personality); 
(i) references to any of the terms taxes, duty, levy, cess in the Scheme shall be 
construed as reference to all of them whether jointly or severally; 
G) word(s) and expression(s) elsewhere defined in the Scheme will have the 
meaning(s) respectively ascribed to them; 
(k) any reference to any statute or statutory provision shall include: 
1. all subordinate legislations made from time to time under that provision 
(whether or not amended, modified, re-enacted or consolidated from time 
to time) and any retrospective amendment; and 
11. such provision as from time to time amended, modified, re-enacted or 
consolidated (whether before or after the filing of this Scheme) to the 
extent such amendment, modification, re-enactment or consolidation 
applies or is capable of applying to the matters contemplated under this 
Scheme and (to the extent liability there under may exist or can arise) shall 
include any past statutory provision (as amended, modified, re-enacted or 
consolidated from time to time) which the provision referred to has directly 
or indirectly replaced. 
Page 8 of24 
PART II -SHARE CAPITAL 
2. SHARE CAPITAL 
2.1. Rubicon Research Limited* 
The capital structure of the Transferee Company as on April 1, 2026, is as under: 
A. Authorised Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
23,89,90,000 Equity Shares of Re. 1 each 2389.90 
Total 2389.90 
B. Issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
Issued and subscribed 
16,50,92,124 of Re. 1 each 1650.92 
Total 1650.92 
The capital structure of the Transferee Company as on June 30, 2026, is as under: 
A. Authorised Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
23,89,90,000 Equity Shares of Re. 1 each 2389.90 
Total 2389.90 
B. Issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
Issued and subscribed 
16,53,82,750 of Re. 1 each 1653.82 
Total 1653.82 
* For complete disclosure of facts, the data in relation to issued, subscribed and paid -
up share capital of the Transferee Company is provided as on the Appointed Date, i.e., 
April I, 2026, as well as on June 30, 2026. The increase in the issued, subscribed and 
paid-up capital was pursuant to exercise of employee stock options under the Rubicon 
Research Limited- Employee Stock Option Scheme 2022, of the Transferee Company . 
Kia Health Tech Private Limited 
The capital structure of the Transferor Company as on the April 1, 2026 as well as 
on date of filing of this Scheme is as under: 
A. Authorised Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
Page 9 of24 
1,68,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each. 1680.00 
Total 1680.00 
B. Issued, subscribed and paid-up Share Capital Amount (in lakhs) 
88,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each. 880.00 
Total 880.00 
The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. 
Page 10 of24 
PART III -Al"\L\LGAM.A.TION OF THE TRANSFEROR COMPANY WITH THE 
TRANSFEREE COMP ANY 
3. TRANSFER AND VESTING OF TRANSFEROR COMPANY INTO 
TRANSFEREE COMPANY 
3.1. Upon the Scheme becoming effective and with effect from the Appointed Date and 
subject to the provisions of this Scheme and pursuant to Section 233 of the Act and 
other applicable provisions of the Act and the Companies • (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, and in accordance with Section 2(6) 
of the Income Tax Act, the Transferor Company shall, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, stand transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been 
transferred and vested in the Transferee Company, so as to become as and from the 
Appointed Date, the assets, liabilities, contracts, arrangements, employees, permits, 
licences, records, approvals, etc, as a going concern "as-is-where-basis" of the 
Transferee Company, by virtue of and in manner as provided in the Part III and Part IV 
of this Scheme. 
3.2. For the avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, it 
is clarified that upon the Scheme becoming effective with effect from the Appointed 
Date, and in accordance with the provisions of all Applicable Laws and the Act, all the 
consents, permissions, licenses, certificates, authorities (including for the operation of 
bank accounts), powers of attorneys given by, issued to or executed in favour of the 
Transferor Company, and the rights and benefits under the same shall, insofar as they 
relate to the Transferor Company and all quality certifications and approvals, 
trademarks, patents and domain names, copyrights, industrial designs, trade secrets, 
product registrations and other Intellectual Property and all other interests relating to 
the goods, services or any other assets being directly and exclusively dealt with by the 
Transferor Company (as applicable), be transferred to and vested in the Transferee 
Company. In respect of all the movable assets and the other assets of Transferor 
Company which are otherwise capable of transfer to the Transferee Company, shall be 
deemed to have been physically handed over by physical delivery or by endorsement 
and delivery, as the case may be, to the Transferee Company to the end and intent that 
the property and benefit therein passes to the Transferee Company with effect from the 
Appointed Date without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer of 
the same. In respect of any intangible moveable assets of Transferor Company, other 
than those mentioned hereinabove, and actionable claims, sundry debtors, outstanding 
loans, advances recoverable in cash or kind or for value to be received and deposits 
with any Appropriate Authority and customers, the same (as applicable) shall on and 
from the Appointed Date stand transferred to and vested in the Transferee Company. 
All immovable properties of the Transferor Company, including land together with the 
buildings and structures standing thereon and rights and interests in immovable 
properties of the Transferor Company, whether freehold or leasehold or otherwise, and 
Jd~~l documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or 
~ eemed to have been vested in the Transferee Company, without any further act or 
,c. 
~ Page 11 of24 
deed done or being required to be done by the Transferor Company and/or the 
Transferee Company. The Transferee Company shall be entitled to exercise all rights 
and privileges attached to such immovable properties and shall be liable to pay the 
related expenses including any taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation to or applicable 
to such immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the immovable 
properties shall, upon this Scheme becoming effective, be made and duly recorded in 
the name of the Transferee Company by the appropriate authorities pursuant to the 
sanction of this Scheme by the Regional Director or any other Appropriate Authority 
and upon the coming into effect of this Scheme in accordance with the terms hereof. 
The Transferee Company may, issue notices in such form as may deem fit and proper 
stating that pursuant to the Regional Director having sanctioned this Scheme, the 
relevant debt, loan, advance or other asset, be paid or made good or held on account of 
the Transferee Company, as the person entitled thereto, to the end and intent that the 
right of Transferor Company to recover or realize the same stands transferred to the 
Transferee Company and that appropriate entries shall be passed in their respective 
books to record the aforesaid changes. 
3.3. Upon coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all 
the various incentives, service tax benefits, good and services tax benefits, all tax 
holiday, deductions under the Income Tax Act, subsidies (including applications for 
subsidies), grants, special status and other benefits or privileges enjoyed, granted by 
any governmental body, local authority or by any other person, or availed of by the 
Transferor Company are concerned, the same shall, without any further act or deed, vest 
with and be available to the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions. All 
intangible assets including various business or commercial rights, etc., if any, belonging 
to but not recorded in books of Transferor Company, shall be transferred to and vested 
with the Transferee Company. 
3.4. All the Liabilities of the Transferor Company as on the Appointed Date shall also stand 
transferred to and vested in or be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the 
Transferee Company on a going concern basis, without any further act or deed, so as to 
become the Liabilities of the Transferee Company on the same terms and conditions as 
were applicable to the Transferor Company respectively. All Liabilities owed by the 
Transferor Company to the Transferor Company shall be net-off and cancelled and 
entries in the books of accounts of the Transferee Company shall be accordingly 
, adjusted as per Applicable Laws. 
Where any of the Liabilities and obligations of the Transferor Company as on the 
Appointed Date deemed to be transferred to the Transferee Company have been 
discharged by the Transferor Company after the Appointed Date and prior to the 
Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to have been for and on account of the 
Transferee Company. 
The transfer and vesting of the assets shall be subject to the Encumbrances, if any, 
affecting the same as hereinafter provided: 
Page 12 of24 
(a) The Encumbrances or those, if any, in terms of this Scheme, over the assets 
comprised in the Transferor Company, or any part thereof transferred to the 
Transferee Company, shall after the Effective Date continue to relate and attach 
to such assets or any part thereof to which they are related or attached to, prior 
to the Effective Date and such Encumbrances shall not relate to or attach to any 
of the other assets of the Transferee Company. 
(b) Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing clauses, upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company shall 
execute appropriate deeds of confirmations, all instruments or documents or do 
all the acts and deeds as may be required, with any party to any contract or 
arrangement in relation to the Transferor Company, including the filing of 
necessary particulars and/or modifications of charge with the Registrar of 
Companies, to give formal effect to the above provisions, if required. The 
Transferee Company shall, under the provisions hereof, be deemed to be 
authorised to execute any such writings in the name of and on behalf of the 
Transferor Company and to carry out or perform all such formalities or 
compliances referred to above on the part of the Transferor Company inter alia 
in its capacity as the successor-in-interest of the Transferor Company. 
3. 7. All cheques and other negotiable instruments, payment orders received or presented for 
encashment which are in the name of the Transferor Company after the Effective Date 
shall be accepted by the bankers of the Transferee Company and credited to the account 
of the Transferee Company, if presented by the Transferee Company. Similarly, the 
banker of the Transferee Company shall honour all cheques issued by the Transferor 
Company respectively for payment after the Effective Date. If required, the Transferor 
Company shall allow maintaining of bank accounts in its name by the Transferee 
Company for such time as may be determined to be necessary by the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company for presentation and deposition of cheques and 
pay orders that have been issued in the name of the Transferor Company. 
3.8. All necessary records, files, papers, technical and process information, all product and 
service pricing, costing, commercial and business related information, computer 
program, drawings and designs, procedure and other manuals, training materials, 
prospect lists, data, catalogues, quotations, sales and advertising materials, financing 
and serving related forms, lists and all details of present and former customers and 
suppliers, customer credit information, customer pricing information and other records 
whether in physical or electronic form in connection with or relating to the Transferor 
Company shall be transferred to the Transferee Company . 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
All proceedings of whatsoever nature (legal and others, including any suits, appeals, 
arbitrations, execution proceedings, revisions, writ petitions, if any) by or against the 
Page 13 of24 
Transferor Company shall not abate, be discontinued or be in any way prejudicially 
affected by reason of the Amalgamation or anything contained in this Scheme but the 
said proceedings, shall, till the Effective Date be continued, prosecuted and enforced 
by or against the Transferor Company, as if this Scheme had not been made. 
4.2. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, all suits, actions, and other proceedings 
including legal and taxation proceedings, (including before any statutory or quasi­
judicial authority or tribunal) by or against the Transferor Company, if any, whether 
pending and/or arising on or before the Effective Date shall be continued and/or 
enforced by or against the Transferee Company as effectually and in the same manner 
and to the same extent as if the same had been instituted and/or pending and/or arising 
by or against the Transferee Company. 
4.3. The Transferee Company undertakes to have all suits, claims, actions and Legal 
Proceedings, if any, initiated by or against the Transferor Company transferred to its 
name and to have the same continued, prosecuted, enforced and defended by or against 
the Transferee Company. 
5. CONTRACTS, LICENSES, APPROVALS AND PERMITS 
5.1. Upon the coming into effect of the Scheme, and subject to the provisions of this 
Scheme, all contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, schemes, arrangements and other 
instruments of whatsoever nature, to which the Transferor Company is a party or to the 
benefit of which the Transferor Company may be eligible, and which are subsisting or 
have effect immediately before the Effective Date, shall continue to be in full force and 
effect on or against or in favour, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company and 
may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the Transferor Company, the 
Transferee Company had been a party or beneficiary or obligor thereto or there under. 
All such property and rights shall stand vested in the Transferee Company pursuant to 
Section 233 of the Act and shall be deemed to have become the property and rights of 
the Transferee Company whether the same is implemented by endorsement or delivery 
and possession or in any other manner. 
Any inter-se contracts between the Transferee Company and the Transferor Company 
respectively shall stand cancelled and cease to operate upon this Part III of the Scheme 
becoming effective. 
All guarantees provided by any bank in relation to the Transferor Company outstanding 
as on the Effective Date, shall vest in the Transferee Company and shall inure to the 
benefit of the Transferee Company and all guarantees issued by the bankers of the 
Transferor Company at their request favouring any third party shall be deemed to have 
been issued at the request of the Transferee Company and continue in favour of such 
third party till its maturity or earlier termination. 
Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Scheme and notwithstanding the fact 
Page 14 of24 
that vesting of the Transferor Company occurs by virtue of this Scheme itself, the 
Transferee Company may, at any time after the coming into effect of the Scheme, in 
accordance with the provisions, if so required under Applicable Law or otherwise, take 
such actions and execute such deeds (including deeds of adherence), confirmations or 
other writings or arrangements with any party to any contract or arrangement to which 
the Transferor Company is a party, or any writings as may be necessary , in order to give 
formal effect to the provisions of this Scheme. The Transferee Company shall, under 
the provisions of this Scheme, be deemed to be authorised to execute any such writings 
on behalf of the Transferor Company and to carry out or perfonn all such formalities or 
compliances referred to above on the part of the Transferor Company to be carried out 
or performed. 
5.5. Benefits of any and all corporate approvals as may have already been taken by the 
Transferor Company shall stand transferred to the Transferee Company and the said 
corporate approvals and compliances shall be deemed to have been taken/complied with 
by the Transferee Company. 
5.6. The Transferee Company shall, at any time after this Scheme becoming effective in 
accordance with the provisions hereof, if so required under any law or otherwise, do all 
such acts or things as may be necessary to transfer/obtain the approvals, consents, 
exemptions, registrations, no-objection certificates, permits, quotas, rights, 
entitlements , licences and certificates which were held or enjoyed by the Transferor 
Company. For the avoidance of doubts, it is clarified that if the consent of any third 
party or Governmental Authority, if any, is required to give effect to the provisions of 
this clause, the said third party or Governmental Authority shall make and duly record 
the necessary substitution/endorsement in the name of the Transferee· Company 
pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Regional Director, and upon this Scheme 
becoming effective. The Transferee Company shall • file appropriate 
applications/documents with the relevant authorities concerned for information and 
record purposes and the Transferee Company shall, under the provisions of this 
Scheme, be deemed to be authorised to execute any such writings on behalf of the 
Transferor Company and to carry out or perform all such acts, formalities or 
compliances referred to above as may be required in this regard. 
6.1. In relation to the above, any procedural requirements required to be fulfilled solely by 
the Transferor Company (and not by its successors), shall be fulfilled by the Transferee 
Company. 
TREATMENT OF TAXES 
All taxes (including income tax, advance tax, minimum alternate tax and credits, 
securities transaction tax, self-assessment tax, sales tax, service tax, goods and service 
tax, etc.) including interest, penalty, surcharge and cess, if any paid or payable by the 
Transferor Company, in respect of the operations and/or the profits of the Transferor 
cij Company before the Appointed Date, shall be on account of the Transferor Company, 
* -,0 
L Page 15 of24 
and insofar as it relates to the tax payment (including, without limitation, sales tax, 
income tax, goods and service tax etc.), whether by way of deduction or collection at 
source, advance tax or otherwise howsoever, by the Transferor Company after the 
Appointed Date, the same shall be deemed to be the corresponding item paid by the 
Transferee Company, and shall, in all proceedings, be dealt with accordingly. 
6.2. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, on and from the Appointed Date, 
if any certificate for tax deducted or collected at source or any other tax credit certificate 
relating to the Transferor Company is received in the name of the Transferor Company, 
or tax credit relating to the Transferor Company is appearing in F01m 168 or the 
erstwhile Form 26AS of the Transferor Company, it shall be deemed to have been 
received by and in the name of the Transferee Company which alone shall be entitled 
to claim credit for such tax deducted or paid. 
6.3. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company are expressly permitted to file/ revise/ reopen their respective tax 
returns/computation of total income after giving effect of Amalgamation electronically 
and if the electronic filing is not enabled in the official website of the income tax 
department, it can be filed manually before the income tax authorities holding 
jurisdiction over the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company even if the time 
limit prescribed for filing revised return of income/computation of total income, as 
applicable has lapsed and/or assessment 'proceedings has been completed and no further 
approval for filing revised return/revised computation of total income after giving effect 
of the Amalgamation shall be required from Central Board of Direct Taxes or any other 
• Appropriate Authority and also revise related withholding tax certificates, including 
withholding tax certificates relating to transactions between the Transferor Company 
and the Transferee Company, to the extent required and to claim refunds, advance tax 
and withholding tax credits, and benefit of credit for minimum alternate tax, or tax 
related deductions, or any other tax related compliances or filings of forms. 
6.4. The goods and services tax paid by the Transferor Company for the period commencing 
from the Appointed Date shall be deemed to be the goods and services tax paid by the 
Transferee Company, and credit for such goods and services tax shall be allowed to the 
Transferee Company notwithstanding that challans for goods and services tax payments 
are in the name of the Transferor Company and not in the name of the Transferee 
Company. 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and as per the applicable provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, all accumulated business and tax losses and unabsorbed depreciation, 
if any, of the Transferor Company shall be transferred to the Transferee Company. It is 
expressly clarified that all the accumulated business and tax losses and unabsorbed 
depreciation as are transferred, shall be eligible to be carried forward and set off in the 
hands of the Transferee Company . 
EMPLOYEES 
Page 16 of24 
7.1. Upon the corning into effect of this Scheme, all permanent employees and 
interns/trainees, if any, as on the Effective Date, who are on the payrolls of the 
Transferor Company, shall become employees of the Transferee Company with effect 
from the Effective Date, on such terms and conditions as are no less favourable than 
those on which they are currently engaged by the Transferor Company, without any 
interruption of service as a result of this Amalgamation and transfer. 
7.2. The Transferee Company undertakes that for the purpose of payment of any 
retrenchment compensation and other terminal benefits to the employees of the 
Transferor Company, if any, the past services of such employees with the Transferor 
Company or their predecessors shall also be taken into account and it shall pay the same 
accordingly, as and when such amounts are due and payable. 
7.3. The Transferor Company will transfer/handover to the Transferee Company, copies of 
employment information of all such transferred employees (if any) of the Transferor 
Company, including but not limited to, personnel files (including hiring documents, 
existing employment contracts, and documents reflecting changes in an employee's 
position, compensation, or benefits), payroll records, medical documents (including 
documents relating to past or ongoing leaves of absence, on the job injuries or illness, 
or fitness for work examinations), disciplinary records, supervisory files and all forms, 
notifications, orders and contribution/identity cards issued by the concerned authorities 
relating to benefits transferred pursuant to this sub-clause. 
7.4. The contributions made by the Transferor Company in respect of their employees, if 
any, under Applicable Law, to the provident fund, gratuity fund, leave encashrnent fund 
and ·any other special scheme or benefits created, for the period after the Appointed 
Date shall be deemed to be contributions made by the Transferee Company. 
7.5. The Transferee Company shall continue to abide by any agreement(s)/settlement(s) 
entered into by the Transferor Company with any of their employees, if any, prior to 
Effective Date. 
8. SA YING OF CONCLUDED TRANSACTIONS 
Subject to the terms of the Scheme, the transfer and vesting of the Transferor Company 
as per the provisions of the Scheme shall not affect any transactions or proceedings 
already concluded by the Transferor Company on or before the Appointed Date or after 
the Appointed Date until the Effective Date, to the end and intent that the Transferee 
Company accepts and adopts all acts, deeds and things made, done and executed by the 
Transferor Company or their predecessors as acts, deeds and things made, done and 
executed by or on behalf of the Transferee Company . 
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 
Page 17 of24 
With effect from the Appointed Date and up to and including the Effective Date: 
9 .1. The Transferor Company shall carry on and be deemed to have carried on all business 
and activities and shall hold and stand possessed of and shall be deemed to hold and 
stand possessed of all its estates, assets, rights, title, interest, authorities, contracts, 
investments and strategic decisions for and on account of, and in trust for, the 
Transferee Company; 
9.2. All obligations, liabilities, duties and commitments attached, shall be undertaken and 
shall be deemed to have been undertaken by the Transferor Company for and on account 
of and in trust for the Transferee Company. 
9 .3. All profits and income accruing or arising to or losses and expenses arising, incurred or 
accruing to the Transferor Company including accumulated losses, for the period 
commencing the Appointed Date, shall for all purposes be treated as and deemed to be 
the profits, income, losses or expenses, as the case may be, of the Transferee Company. 
9 .4. Any of the rights, powers, authorities or privileges exercised by the Transferor 
Company, shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Transferor Company for and 
on behalf of, and in trust for and as an agent of the Transferee Company. Similarly, any 
of the obligations, duties and commitments that have been undertaken or discharged by 
the Transferor Company, shall be deemed to have been undertaken for and on behalf of 
and as an agent of the Transferee Company. 
9.5. The Transferor Company shall not without the concurrence of the Transferee Company 
alienate, charge or otherwise deal with any of its assets except in the ordinary course of 
its business. 
10. CONSIDERATION 
10.1. As the entire paid-up share capital of the Transferor Company are held by the Transferee 
Company along with its nominee, it is expressly understood that, upon this Scheme 
becoming effective, there will be no issue and allotment of any securities by the 
Transferee Company in respect of the Amalgamation. Consequently, the paid-up share 
capital held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company shall stand 
cancelled. 
ACCOUNTING TREATMENT 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferee Company and Transferor 
Company shall account for Amalgamation in their books of account with effect from 
the Appointed Date in accordance with applicable accounting principles prescribed 
under Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) or such other accounting principles as may 
be applicable or prescribed under the Act. 
Page 18 of24 
12. DISSOLUTION 
12.1. On the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall without any further 
act, instrument or deed shall stand dissolved without being wound-up. 
13. COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 2(6) OF THE INCOME TAX ACT, 2025 
13 .1. The provision of Part III of this Scheme as they relate to the Amalgamation comply 
with the conditions relating to "amalgamation" as defined and specified under Section 
2(6) of the Income Tax Act. If any terms or provisions or part of Part IV of this Scheme 
are found or interpreted to be inconsistent with the provisions of Section 2( 6) of the 
Income Tax Act, at a later date including resulting from an amendment of law or for 
any other reason whatsoever, the provisions of Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act shall 
prevail and the Scheme shall stand modified to the extent necessary to comply with 
Section 2(6) of the Income Tax Act and such modifications shall not affect other parts 
of the Scheme. 
14. DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS OF PART III OF THE SCHEME 
14.1. This Part III of the Scheme set out herein in its present form or with any modification( s) 
approved or imposed or directed by the Regional Director or any other Appropriate 
Authority shall become effective from the Appointed Date but shall become operative 
from the Effective Date. 
15. REORGANISATION . AND CONSOLIDATION OF THE AUTHORISED 
SHARE CAPITAL 
15.1. As an integral part of the Scheme and upon Part III of the Scheme becoming effective, 
the authorised share capital of the Transferor Company will be consolidated and get 
merged with the authorised share capital of the Transferee Company without any further 
act, instrument or deed. The authorised share capital of the Transferee Company will 
accordingly be increased to give effect to such merger of the authorized share capital. 
15.2. It is clarified that the approval of the members of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company to the Scheme shall be deemed to be their consent/approval for 
the division of the Transferor Company's share capital from 1,68,00,000 equity shares 
having face value of Rs. 10 each to 16,80,00,000 equity shares of Re. 1 each and 
accordingly the amendment of the capital clause of the Memorandum of Association 
under the provisions of Section 13, 14, 61 and 64 of the Act and other applicable 
provisions of the Act. 
5.3. Thus, the Authorised Share Capital of the Transferee Company of Rs. 23,89,90,000 
comprising of 23,89,90,000 equity shares of Re. 1 each shall stand increased by Rs. 
16,80,00,000 to Rs. 40,69,90,000 divided into 40,69,90,000 shares of Re. 1 each. 
TEc,9 
~ 
..., Page 19 of24 
15 .4. Consequently upon the merger of the authorised share capital pursuant to Clause 15 .2 
and Clause 15 .3, the Memorandum of Association of the Transferee Company upon the 
coming into effect of this Scheme and without any further act, instrument or deed, be 
and stand altered, modified and amended pursuant to Sections 13, 14, 64 and Section 
233 and other applicable provisions of the Act, as the case may be and be replaced by 
the following clause: 
"The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is INR 40,69,90,000 (Rupees forty 
crores sixty nine lakhs ninety thousand only) divided into 40,69,90,000 Equity 
shares (Forty crores sixty nine lakhs ninety thousand) of INR II-(Rupees one only) 
each". 
16. TREATMENT OF THE SCHEME FOR THE PURPOSE OF SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA ACT, 1992 ("SEBI ACT") AND THE RULES 
AND REGULATIONS MADE THEREUNDER 
16.1. The Transferee Company is a public listed company. Consequently, this Scheme is 
subject to the compliances under SEBI Act, the rules and regulations and the directives 
framed thereunder insofar as they relate to the sanction and implementation of the 
Scheme. 
16.2. The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. 
SEBI's Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 
2023 ("SERI Circular") lays down the detailed requirements to be complied by listed 
entities while undertaking schemes of arrangements. Paragraph 4 of the Preliminary 
Section of the SEBI Circular states that the SEBI Circular is not applicable to schemes 
that solely provide for the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with its parent 
company. However, the draft scheme is required to be filed with the Stock Exchanges 
for the purpose of disclosure, and the Stock Exchanges shall, thereafter, disseminate the 
scheme documents on their website. 
16.3. Accordingly, this Scheme shall be filed with NSE and BSE, being the stock exchanges 
on which the equity shares of the Transferee Company are listed, and no specific prior 
approval of the Stock Exchanges or SEBI is required. 
Page 20 of24 
PART IV -GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
17. APPLICATION TO THE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT 
17 .1. The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company shall, as may be required, make 
applications and/or petitions under Section 233 of the Act and other applicable 
provisions of the Act before the Regional Director, for sanction of this Scheme and for 
such other orders (including orders for convening, holding and conducting of the 
meetings of the respective classes of the members and/or creditors of the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company) as the Central Government may deem fit for 
bringing the Scheme into effect and all matters ancillary or incidental thereto. 
17.2. Since this Scheme is entered between the Transferee Company and its wholly owned 
subsidiary company being the Transferor Company, the approval of Hon'ble National 
Company Law Tribunal will not be required as per provisions of Section 233 of the Act. 
18. JUSTIFICATION FOR THE APPOINTED DATE 
18.1. The Scheme is effective from the Appointed Date. It is proposed to fix April 1, 2026, 
as the Appointed Date tentatively, subject to the Regional Director deciding/approving 
any other date as the Appointed date, due to the following reasons: 
a. It will enable implementation of better governance systems of the Transferee 
Company and the Transferor Company; 
b. This would enable better consolidation of accounting systems and MIS 
(Management Information Systems) and can result in better reporting management; 
c. It will have a lasting impact in the implementation of internal control mechanism, 
including internal financial control, of the Transferor Company as part of the 
Transferee Company, if it is fairly from a long period and the results of these can 
easily be evaluated and compared; 
d. This will create better synchronisation, streamlining and cohesion of the Transferor 
Company with Transferee Company, which in turn, wip create greater value to all 
the stakeholders; 
It is hereby clarified and confirmed that fixing April 1, 2026, as the Appointed Date, 
shall not in any way prejudicially affect the interests of shareholders, creditors and 
public at large. 
DECLARATION OF DIVIDEND, BONUS AND OTHERS 
respective shareholders in respect of the accounting period prior to the Effective Date. 
19 .2. The shareholders of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company shall, save 
as expressly provided otherwise in this Scheme, continue to enjoy their existing rights 
under their respective Articles of Association including the right to receive dividends. 
19.3. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that nothing in this Scheme shall prevent 
companies involved in the Scheme from issuing fully paid-up bonus equity shares to its 
shareholders in accordance with Applicable Law. 
19 .4. It is clarified that the aforesaid provisions in respect of declaration of dividend are 
enabling provisions only and shall not be deemed to confer any right on the shareholders 
of the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company to demand or claim any 
dividend which, subject to.the pro.visions of the Act, as applicable, shall be entirely at 
the discretion of the Board of Directors of respective companies, subject to such 
approval of the shareholders, as may be required. 
20. IMPACT OF THE SCHEME ON CREDITORS 
20.1. This Scheme, upon approval by the Regional Director, shall not have any adverse 
impact on the creditors of the Transferor Company or the Transferee Company, whether 
secured or unsecured. 
21. MODIFICATIONS OR AMENDMENTS TO THE SCHEME 
21.1. The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company by their respective Board of 
Directors or their duly authorised officers, may assent to any 
modifications/amendments to the Scheme or to any conditions or limitations that the 
Regional Director and/or any other authority may deem fit to direct or impose or which 
may otherwise be considered necessary, desirable or appropriate by them (i.e. the Board 
of Directors or their duly authorised officers) subject to the approval of the Regional 
Director and/or any other Appropriate Authority under Applicable Law and/or effect 
any other modification or amendment under Applicable Law jointly and mutually 
agreed in writing by the Board of Directors or their duly authorised officers. All 
companies which are parties to this Scheme by their respective Board of Directors or 
their duly authorised officers be and are hereby authorized to take all such steps as may 
Rese$ .§r. ~~-. .o • by reason of any directive or orders of any other authorities or otherwise howsoever 
~ ._ arising out of or under or by virtue of the Scheme and/or in any matter concerned or be necessary, desirable or proper to resolve any doubts, difficulties or questions whether 
:,~-. -};?;, • connected therewith. 
~ ½.2. In the event any of the conditions that may be imposed by the Regional Director and/or 
)(., / any other Appropriate Authority, while sanctioning the Scheme, which the Board of \~J ~-Directors or their duly authorised officers may find unacceptable for any reason, then 
me parties to this Scheme are at liberty to withdraw from this Scheme. 
Page 22 of24 
~--_, ~ <:-_;.. • ,,,. 22. CONDITIONALITY OF THE SCHEME 
This Scheme is and shall be conditional upon and subject to: 
22.1. The Scheme being approved by the members and/or creditors, as applicable, of Rubicon 
and Kia as required under the provisions of the Act; 
22.2. The sanction of the Scheme by the Regional Director under Section 233 and any other 
applicable provisions of the Act in favour of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company as may be necessary for the implementation of the Scheme; 
22.3. The requisite consents, approvals or permissions of any governmental or regulatory 
authority, which by Applicable Law may be necessary for the implementation of this 
Scheme; and 
22.4. Certified copies of the Orders of the Regional Director being filed with the Registrar of 
Companies, by Rubicon and Kia. 
23. WHEN THE SCHEME COMES INTO OPERATION AND ITS PARTS GIVEN 
EFFECT TO 
23.1. Part III of this Scheme shall be implemented on the Effective Date. Upon such 
implementation, the said Part III of this Scheme shall come into effect from the 
Appointed Date. 
23.2. The Transferee Company shall carry on and shall be authorized to carry on, with effect 
from the Effective Date, the business of the Transferor Company. For the purposes of 
giving effect to the sanction of the Scheme by the Regional Director, the Transferee 
Company shall at any time pursuant to such order be entitled to get the recordal of 
change in the legal right(s) upon Amalgamation , in accordance with the provisions of 
the Section 233 and/or any other applicable provision of the Act, as case may be. The 
Transferee Company is and shall always be deemed to have been authorized to execute 
any pleadings, applications, and forms as may be required to remove any difficulties 
and carry out any formalities or compliance as are necessary for the implementation of 
the Scheme. 
.t 
r The Transferee Company shall be entitled to, amongst others, to file/revise its income 
tax returns/computation of income after giving effect of the Amalgamation, TDS/TCS 
returns, service tax, goods and service tax, excise duty, sales tax, value added tax, entry 
tax, cess, professional tax or any other statutory returns, if required, credit for advance 
tax paid, tax deducted at source, claim for sum prescribed under the Income Tax Act on 
payment basis by the Transferor Company under the Income Tax Act, credit of any tax 
under the Income Tax Act, credit of foreign taxes paid/withheld, if any, pertaining to 
the Amalgamation as may be required consequent to implementation of this Scheme 
d where necessary to give effect to this Scheme, even if the prescribed time limits for 
Page 23 of24 
... :: --. 
,,. veep filing or revising such returns have lapsed without incurring any liability on account of 
interest, penalty or any other sum. The Transferee Company shall have the right to claim 
refunds, tax credits, set-offs and/or adjustments relating to the income or transactions 
entered into by them by virtue of this Scheme with effect from Appointed Date. The 
taxes or duties paid by, for, or on behalf of the Transferor Company relating to the 
period on or after Appointed Date, shall be deemed to be the taxes or duties paid by the 
Transferee Company and the Transferee Company shall be entitled to claim credit or 
refund for such taxes or duties. 
23.4. Any advance tax, self-assessment tax, minimum alternate tax and/or TDS credit 
available or vested with the Transferor Company on inter se transactions during the 
period between Appointed Date and the Effective Date, shall be treated as tax paid by 
the Transferee Company and shall be available to the Transferee Company for set-off 
against its liability under the Income Tax Act and any excess tax so paid shall be eligible 
for refund together with interest. Further, TDS deposited, TDS certificates issued or 
TDS returns filed by the Transferor Company on transactions other than inter se 
transactions during the period between the Appointed Date and the Effective Date, as 
applicable, shall continue to hold good as if such TDS amounts were deposited, TDS 
certificates were issued and TDS returns were filed by the Transferee Company. Any 
TDS deducted by, or on behalf of the Transferor Company on inter se transactions will 
be treated as tax deposited by the Transferee Company . 
24. SEVERABILITY 
24.1. If any provision or part of this Scheme is found to be unworkable for any reason 
whatsoever, the same shall not, subject to the decision of the Board of Directors of the 
companies which are parties to this Scheme, affect the validity or implementation of 
the other provisions and parts of this Scheme. 
24.2. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the terms and conditions of any earlier 
arrangement amongst the companies which are parties to this Scheme and their 
respective shareholders and/or creditors, and the terms and conditions of this Scheme, 
the latter shall have an overriding effect and shall prevail. 
25. COSTS, CHARGES, AND EXPENSES 
/~ ;_;_'-
1,/l."""-==:,;..::.::::i..,.. lt In the event of the Scheme not being sanctioned by the Regional Director, the Scheme 
shall become null and void and each party shall bear and pay its respective costs, 
charges and expenses for and/or in connection with the Scheme, 
25.2. 
J Subject to Clause 25.1 above, all costs, charges, taxes including stamp duty, levies and 
all other expenses, if any ( save as expressly otherwise agreed) arising out of, or incurred 
in carrying out and implementing this Scheme and matters incidental thereto, shall be 
by the Transferee Company . 
Page 24 of24 
Rubicon® 
RESEARCH -INNOVATION I QUALITY I CARE 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS OF RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED, HELD ON JULY 20, 2026 AT TAJ THE TREES, 
EASTERN EXPRESS HIGHWAY, VIKHROLI (EAST), MUMBAI -400079 
Approval of Scheme of Amalgamation of Rubicon Research Limited and Kia Health Tech 
Private Limited 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Secti'ons 233 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Act") read with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and rules 
made thereto (including any statutory modification or re-enactment or amendment thereof), 
subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Article of Association of 
Rubicon Research Limited ("Company") and requisite approval of the shareholders and 
creditors of the Company and Regional Director having jurisdiction and subject to such other 
approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other authorities, as may be necessary 
and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the 
Regional Director having jurisdiction or by any regulatory or other authorities while granting 
consents, approvals and permissions which may be agreed to by the Company, the consent of 
the Board of Directors of the Company ("Board") be and is hereby accorded to the Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Kia Health Tech Private Limited (Transferor Company) with Rubicon Research 
Limited (Transferee Company) ("Scheme"), a copy of which was tabled before the Board. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the notice of the Scheme inviting objections or suggestions from the 
Registrar and Official Liquidator in Form CAA-9, as required under Section 233(1)(a) of the Act, 
as tabled before the Board, be and is hereby approved and any of the Directors of the Company, 
are hereby authorized to issue the same, for and on behalf of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mrs. Pratibha Pilgaonkar, Managing Director, Mr. Parag Sancheti, 
Executive Director & CEO and/or Mr. Nitin Jajodia, Chief Financial Officer, be and are hereby 
jointly / severally authorized to sign the applications, petitions, affidavits, declarations, 
declaration of solvency, forms or any other documents that may be required to be signed in 
connection with the sanction to the Scheme, to obtain consent or hold meeting of the 
shareholders, creditors and regulatory authorities (if any), to approve and finalize the cut-off 
date for list of creditors and arrange for appropriate certificate, to take all steps necessary in 
connection with the filing of application/s with the Regional Director, Registrar of Companies 
(ROC), Official Liquidator (OL) other concerned authorities of appropriate jurisdiction, in 
physical or electronic form, to effectively implement the arrangement embodied in the Scheme 
and to accept such modifications, amendments, limitations and/or conditions, if any, which may 
Rubicon Research Limited (formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) I CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744 
Registered Office: Plot No. B-75, MedOne House, Road No. 33, Wagle Estate, Thane West, PIN -400 604, Maharashtra, India 
~ +91-22-61414000 / 50414000 I reachu5@rubicon .co,in I www.rubicon.co.in 
Rubicon® 
RESEARCH -INNOVATION I QUALITY I CARE 
be required and/ or imposed by the Regional Director and/or any other authority having 
jurisdiction while sanctioning the arrangement embodied in the Scheme and to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion deem requisite, desirable, 
appropriate or necessary to give effect to this resolution including but not limited to resolving 
any questions or doubts or difficulties that may arise including passing of such accounting 
entries and making such adjustments in the books of accounts as considered necessary in giving 
effect to the Scheme." 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY 
For Rubicon Research Limited 
(Formerly known a ~~~~ ch Private Limited} 
D~ 
Company Secreta 
M. No. A28132 
Address: Plot No. B-75, MedOne House, Road No. 33, 
Wagle Estate, Thane West, PIN -400 604 
Date: July 21, 2026 
Place: Thane 
Rubicon Research Limited (formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) I CIN: L73100MH1999PLC119744 
Registered Office: Plot No. B-7S, MedOne House, Road No. 33, Wagle Estate, Thane West, PIN -400 604, Maharashtra, India 
\. +91·22-61414000 / 50414000 I reachus@rubicon.co .in I www.rubicon .co.in 