 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off.  1st Floor, Tower 3A, DLF Corporate Greens, Sector -74A, Gurgaon, Narsinghpur, Haryana – 122 004, India. T. +91 1246048213 F. +91 1246048 214 
Reg. Off. A -34, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Lajpat Nagar -II, New Delhi – 110 024, India. T. +91 1148147506 F. +91 1148147501  
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com  
  
 
October 17, 2025  
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find attached the copy of the Draft Letter of Offer received by the Company from Citigroup Global 
Markets India Private Limited in relation to the open offer to the public share holders of the Company.  
 Request you to kindly ta ke the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Sammaan Capital Limited   
(Formerly Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited)  
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain  
Company Secretary  
 
 
 BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Scrip code: 535789, 890192  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol :  SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP  
 
 
October 16, 2025  
 
To: 
Compliance Officer  
Sammaan Capital Limited  
A-34, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Lajpat Nagar -11 
New Delhi - 110 024, India . 
 
Re:  Open offer for acquisition of up to 34,17, 54,286  (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two 
hundred and eighty six)  fully paid up equity shares of face value of INR  2 (Indian Rupees two) each  of 
Sammaan Capital Limited  (“Target Company”  and such shares, “Equity Shares” ), representing 
26%  (twenty six percent) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital of the Target Company from the Public 
Shareholders  of the Target Company by Avenir Investment RSC Ltd  (“Acquirer”), together with IHC 
Capital Holding LLC  (“PAC”) in its capacity as a person acting in concert with the Acquirer, pursuant 
to and in compliance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and subsequent amendments there to (“SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations”) (“Open  Offer”  or “Offer” ). 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to and in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulations 13(4), 14(3) and 15(2) and other 
applicable regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer and the PAC are making an Open Offer to the 
Public Shareholders of the Targ et Company to acquire 34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four 
thousand two hundred and eighty six) Equity Shares. In relation to the Offer, Citigroup Global Markets India Private 
Limited is acting as the manager to the Offer pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 12(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
On October 2, 2025, the public announcement in relation to the Offer dated October 2, 2025 was sent to you in 
accordance with Regulation 14(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Further, the detailed public statement was 
published in the three newspapers, nam ely, Financial Express, Jansatta and Nayshakti on October 9, 2025 in 
accordance with Regulation 14(3) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  and sent to you in accordance with Regulation 
14(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  on October 9, 2025.  
 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 18(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, please find enclosed the draft 
letter of offer dated October 16, 2025 with respect to the Offer (“ DLoF ”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India in compliance with Regulation 16 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
 
Yours truly,  
For Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited  
      
Authorized signatory  
Name: Amulya Goyal  
 
Enclosed: DLoF  
 

 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 1 
  
 DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
The Letter of Offer ( "Letter of Offer "/ "LoF") will be sent to you as a Public Shareholder ( as defined below ) of Sammaan Capital Limited  ("Target 
Company "). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you may consult your stock  broker or investment consultant or the Manager 
to the Offer ( as defined below ) or the Registrar to the Offer ( as defined below ). In case you have recently sold your Equity Shares ( as defined below ), 
please hand over the Letter of Offer and the accompanying On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/ /Off -Market Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgement ( as defined below ), as applicable and transfer deed to the member of stock exchange through whom the said sale was 
effecte d. 
OPEN OFFER  ("OPEN OFFER " / "OFFER ") 
 
BY 
 
Avenir Investment RSC L td 
A restricted scope company incorporated under the laws of the United Arab Emirates  
Registered office: Office 3701 & 3712, Floor 37, Addax Port Office Tower, Tamouh, Al Reem Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;  
Company registration no: 000009644 ; Tel: +971 (2) 644 8090  
(hereinafter referred to as the " Acquirer ") 
 
ALONG WITH  
 
IHC Capital Holding LLC   
A private limited company incorporated under the laws of United Arab Emirates  
Registered office: PO Box 32619, 2nd floor Royal Group building, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;  
Company registration number : 101 -2021 -100029527;  Tel: +971 (2) 644 8090  
(hereinafter referred to as the "PAC") 
 
MAKES A CASH OFFER AT A PRICE OF INR 139 (INDIAN RUPEES ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY -NINE) ("OFFER PRICE ") PER FULLY 
PAID UP EQUITY SHARE OF FACE VALUE OF INR 2 (INDIAN RUPEES TWO) EACH OF THE TARGET COMPANY ("EQUITY SHARES ") 
TO ACQUIRE UP TO 34,17,54,286 (THIRTY FOUR CRORE SEVENTEEN LAKH FIFTY FOUR THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND EIGHTY 
SIX) EQUITY SHARES ("OFFER SHARES ") REPRESENTING 26 .00% (TWENTY SIX PER CENT) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE 
CAPITAL  (AS DEFINED BELOW ) OF THE TARGET COMPANY  ("OFFER SIZE "), IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE S ECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED 
("SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS ") FROM THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ("OPEN OFFER " OR "OFFER ") 
 
OF  
 
SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED  
A public limited company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956  
Registered office: A-34, 2nd & 3rd floor, Lajpat Nagar II, Lajpat Nagar (South Delhi) 110024, New Delhi, India;  
Corporate Identification Number: L65922DL2005PLC136029 ; Tel: +91 124 604 8213;  Website:  https://www.sammaancapital.com  
(hereinafter referred to as the  "Target Company " / "Target ") 
 
1. This Open Offer is made pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of Regulations 3 (1), 4 and other applicable regulations of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
2. This Open Offer is not a conditional offer in terms of Regulation 19 (1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and is not subject to any 
minimum level of acceptance.  
 
3. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4. Other than the Required Statutory Approvals as set out in Paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory and other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms 
and Conditions of the Offer ), as on the date of this Draft Letter of Offer ( "Draft Letter of Offer "/ "DLoF "), to the best knowledge of the 
Acquirer and the PAC, there are no other statutory or regulatory approvals required for the consummation of  the Underlying Transaction 
and/or  this Open Offer. However, in case any further statutory or regulatory approvals become applicable or are required by the 
Acquirer and/or PAC at a later date before the completion of the Open Offer , this Open Offer would be subject to the receipt of such 
approvals. Please refer to Paragraph 1 of Part C ( Statutory and other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) of 
this DLoF for further details and the current status of such statutory and regulatory approval(s).  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 2 
  
  5. Where any statutory / regulatory approval or exemption extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the Acquirer shall have 
the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory / regulatory approvals or exemptions are 
required in order to complete this Open Offer.  
 
6. In the event that the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders under this Open Offer is more than the number 
of Offer Shares ( as defined below ), the Acquirer shall accept those Equity Shares that are validly tendered by the Public Shareholders 
on a proportionate basis in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum of 34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen 
lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty six) Equity Shares representing 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded Voting 
Share Capital,  provided that acquisition of Equity Shares from a Public Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot, 
or the entire holding if it is less than the marketable lot . The minimum marketable lot for the Equity Shares for the purpose of this Offer 
shall be one Equity Share . 
 
7. The Acquirer and the PAC may withdraw the Open Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in Part C ( Statutory and 
other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) of this Draft Letter of Offer. In the event of a withdrawal of the Open 
Offer, the Acquirer and the PAC (through the Manager to the Offer) shall, within 2 (two) Working Days ( as defined below ) of such 
withdrawal, make a public announcement of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement ( as 
defined below ) was published, stating the grounds  and reasons  for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations and such public announcement will also be sent to SEBI ( as defined below ), Stock Exchanges ( as defined below ) 
and the Target Company at its registered office.  
 
8. The Offer Price or the number of Offer Shares may be subject to upward revision, if any, pursuant to the SEBI (SAST) Regulati ons or at 
the discretion of the Acquirer and the PAC at any time prior to the commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day before t he 
commencement of the Tendering Period (as defined below ) in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the 
event of such revision, the Acquirer and the PAC shall (a) make corresponding increase to the amount kept in the escrow ac count under 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, as more particularly set out in Section VI ( Offer Price and Financial Arrangements ) of 
this DLoF; (b) make a public announcement in the same newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement was published; and 
(c) simultaneously with the issue of such announcement, notify SEBI, the Stock Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered  
office of such revision. Such revised Offer Price would be payable for all the Equity Shares validly tendered during the Tend ering Period 
of the Open Offer.  
 
9. The Acquirer and the PAC shall not acquire any Equity Shares after the 3rd (third) Working Day prior to the commencement of th e 
Tendering Period, and until the expiry of the Tendering Period.  
 
10. There has been no competing offer as of the date of this Draft Letter of Offer. If there is a competing offer  at any time hereafter , 
the offers under all subsisting bids will open and close on the same date.  
 
11. Unless otherwise stated, the information set out in this DLoF reflects the position as of the date hereof.  
 
A copy of the Public Announcement ( as defined below ) and the Detailed Public Statement is available and a copy of the Draft Letter of 
Offer (including the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (as 
applicable)) is expected to be available on the website of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in) . 
MANAGER TO THE OFFER  REGISTRAR TO THE OFFER  
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  
1202, 12th Floor, First International Financial Centre, G -Block  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 400098  
Tel: +91 22 6175 9999  
Fax: +91 -22-61759898  
Website: 
https://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm   
Contact Person: Mr. Samrat Choudhary  
Email: sammaancapital.openoffer@citi.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INM000010718   
 
 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly, Link Intime India 
Private Limited)  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 
– 400 083, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 810 811 4949  
Fax: +91 22 49186060  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
Contact Person: Ms. Pradnya Karanjekar  
Email: sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000004058  
 
 

 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 3 
  
 THE TENTATIVE SCHEDULE OF MAJOR ACTIVITIES RELATING TO THE OFFER:  
No. Name of Activity  Schedule of Activities  
(Date and Day)# 
   
1.  Issue of Public Announcement  October  02, 2025, Thursday  
   
2.  Publication of th e DPS in newspapers  October  09, 2025, Thursday  
   
3.  Last date for filing of the Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI  October  16, 2025, Thursday  
   
4.  Last date for public announcement  for competing offer(s)  November  3, 2025, Monday  
   
5.  Last date for receipt of SEBI observation s on the Draft Letter of Offer  (in the 
event SEBI has not sought clariﬁcations or additional information from the 
Manager to the  Offer)  November  11, 2025, Tuesday  
   
6.  Identiﬁed Date*  November  13, 2025, Thursday  
   
7.  Last date for dispatch of the Letter of Offer to the Public Shareholders of the 
Target Company whose names appear on the register of members on the 
Identiﬁed Date, and to Stock Exchanges and Target Company and Registrar 
to the Offer (as defined below) to issue a dispatch completion cer tificate  November  20, 2025, Thursday  
   
8.  Last date by which a committee of independent directors of the Target 
Company is required to give its recommendation to the Public Shareholders 
of the Target Company for the Open Offer  November  25, 2025, Tuesday  
   
9.  Last date for upward revision of the Offer  Price and / or the Offer  Size November  25, 2025, Tuesday  
   
10.  Date of publication of Open Offer opening public announcement, in the 
newspapers in which th e DPS has been published  November  26, 2025, Wednesday  
   
11.  Date of commencement of the Tendering  Period (" Offer Opening Date ") November  27, 2025, Thursday  
   
12.  Date of closure of the Tendering  Period (" Offer  Closing  Date ") December  10, 2025, Wednesday  
   
13.  Last date of communicating the rejection/acceptance and completion of 
payment of consideration or refund of Equity Shares to the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company  December  24, 2025, Wednesday  
   
14.  Last date for publication of post Open Offer public announcement in the 
newspapers in which th e DPS has been published  January  1, 2026, Thursday  
# (i) The above timelines are indicative (prepared on the basis of timelines provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) and are 
subject to receipt of relevant approvals from various statutory/regulatory authorities and may have to be revised accordingly . (ii) 
The schedule of activities mentioned above is tentative and based on the assumption that SEBI 's comments to the Draft Letter of 
Offer will be received by November 1 1, 2025. Accordingly, the dates for the abovementioned activities, wherever mentioned in th e 
DLoF , are subject to change.  
*  The Identified Date is only for the purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to whom the Letter of Offe r 
would be sent.  It is clarified that subject to Paragraph  1 of Part  C (Statutory and Other Approvals) of Section VII  (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer ), all the Public Shareholders (registered or unregistered) of the Target Company are eligible to participate 
in the Open Offer at any time on or prior to the Offer  Closing  Date.  
 
 
 
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 4 
  
 RISK  FACTORS  
THE RISK FACTORS SET FORTH BELOW ARE INDICATIVE ONLY AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE A 
COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL RISKS PERCEIVED IN RELATION TO THE OPEN OFFER OR ASSOCIATING WITH THE 
ACQUIRER AND THE PAC.  THE RISK FACTORS SET FORTH ABOVE DO NOT RELATE TO THE PRESENT OR FUTURE 
BUSINESS OR OPERATIONS OF THE TARGET COMPANY AND ANY OTHER RELATED MATTERS,  AND ARE NEITHER 
EXHAUSTIVE NOR INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE OR COMPREHENSIVE ANALYSIS OF THE RISKS 
INVOLVED IN OR ASSOCIATED WITH THE PARTICIPATION OR OTHE RWISE BY ANY PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER IN THE 
OPEN OFFER. PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR RESPECTIVE STOCKBROKER, LEGAL, 
FINANCIAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVISORS AND CONSULTANTS FOR AN UNDERSTANDING OF THE 
FURTHER RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THEIR PARTICIPATION IN THE OPEN OFFER.  
For capitalised terms used herein, please refer to the section on Definitions/ Abbreviations set out below.  
A. Relating to the Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction:  
 
1. The Open Offer is an open offer under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations to acquire up to 
34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty 
six) Equity Shares, constituting up to 26 .00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded Voting 
Share Capital, from the Public Shareholders. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares 
validly tendered in the Open Offer by the Public Shareholders, is more than the Offer Size, 
then the Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a 
proportionate basis, in consultati on with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum 
of 34,17,54,286  (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty 
six) Equity Shares, representing 26 .00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded Voting 
Share Cap ital. Accordingly, there is no assurance that all the Equity Shares tendered by 
the Public Shareholders in the Open Offer will be accepted. The unaccepted Equity Shares 
will be returned to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the schedule of activities f or 
the Open Offer. The minimum marketable lot for tendering shares in the Open Offer shall 
be 1 (one) onl y. 
 
2. The consummation of the Underlying Transaction  (as defined below ) and Open Offer is 
subject to (a) the receipt of the Required Statutory Approvals as set out under Paragraph 
1 of Part C ( Statutory and other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer ); and (b) satisfaction, or waiver  (in accordance with the SSA ( as defined below )) of 
the conditions precedent under the SSA (as set out in Paragraph  5 of Part  A (Background 
to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the Offer )), by the Long Stop Date  (as defined below ), 
as applicable. In case any further statutory or regulatory approval(s) becomes applicable 
prior to the completion of the Open Offer, the Open Offer would be subject to such statutory 
or regulatory approval(s) being obtained.  
 
3. In the event that either: (a) regulatory or statutory approvals  (including Required Statutory 
Approvals), as required, are delayed or not received in time; or (b) any of the Key 
Conditions Precedent  (as set out in Paragraph  5(b) of Part A  (Background to the Offer ) of 
Section III ( Details of the Offer )) are not satisfied in accordance with the SSA or if the 
Acquirer terminates the SSA in terms of Paragraph III(A)(5)(i)(iv) below , each  for reasons 
outside the reasonable control of Acquirer, and in each of the foregoing case the Acquirer 
terminates the SSA ; (c) there is any order of a governmental authority or in a litigation 
leading to a stay/injunction on the Open Offer or that restricts/restrains the Acquirer along 
with the PAC from performing its obligations hereunder; or (d) SEBI instructs the Acquirer 
and the PAC not to proceed with the Open Offer, then the Open Offer process may be 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 5 
  
 delayed beyond the schedule of activities indicated in this Draft Letter of Offer or may be 
withdrawn in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  In case the delay is 
due to non -receipt of statutory approval(s) (including Required Statutory Approvals), then 
in accordance with Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, SEBI may grant an 
extension for the purpose of completion of the Open Offer  subject to such terms and 
conditions as may be specified by SEBI, including payment of interest  in accordance with 
Regulation 18(11 A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   
 
4. In the event that the Required Statutory Approvals, or any statutory approvals which 
become applicable prior to completion of the Offer, are not received or are finally refused 
or are not satisfied in accordance with the SSA for reasons outside the reasona ble control 
of the Acquirer; or if any of the Key C onditions Precedent (as set out at Paragraph  5(b) of 
Part A ( Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the Offer ) of this DLoF) are not 
satisfied in accordance with the SSA  or if the Acquirer ter minates the SSA in terms of 
Paragraph III(A)(5)(i)(iv) below, each  for reasons outside the reasonable control of 
Acquirer, and in each of the foregoing case the Acquirer terminates the SSA ; then the 
Acquirer and the PAC  may withdraw this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. In the event of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirer and 
PAC (through the Manager to the Offer) shall, within 2 (two) Working Days of such 
withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal stating the grounds for the 
withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Such 
public announ cement for the withdrawal will be made in the same newspapers in which the 
Detailed Public Stat ement has been published and will also be sent to the Stock 
Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office.   
 
5. The acquisition of Equity Shares under the Open Offer from all Public 
Shareholders  (resident and non -resident) is subject to receipt of all approvals required to 
be obtained by such Public Shareholders in relation to the Open Offer and the transfer of 
Equity Shares held by them to the Acquirer.  All Public Shareholders ( as defined below ) 
(including residents, non -resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies or non -resident 
shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender the Offe r 
Shares  (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI ( as defined below )) held by 
them in the Open Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents 
required to accept this Offer.  In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer 
and the PAC reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer. 
Further, the NRI ( as defined below ) and OCB ( as defined below ) holders of the Equity 
Shares, if any, must obtain all requisite approvals required to tender t he Equity Shares held 
by them in this Open Offer  (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI or the 
relevant government authority) and submit copies of such approvals, along with the other 
documents required in terms of this Draft Letter of Offer.   Further, if holders of the Equity 
Shares who are not persons resident in India (including NRIs, OCBs, and FIIs/FPIs ( as 
defined below )) had required any approvals (including from the RBI or the FIPB ( as defined 
below )) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit c opies 
of such previous approvals, to tender the Equity Shares held by them pursuant to this Open 
Offer, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this Open Offer. If 
such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer and the PAC reserve the right to reject such 
Equity Shares tendered in this Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are held under general 
permission of the RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 6 
  
 Shares are held under general permission and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held 
on a repatriable basis or a non -repatriable basis.  
 
6. Public Shareholders who tender the Equity Shares in acceptance of the Open Offer  shall 
not be entitled to withdraw such acceptances during the Tendering Period, even if the 
acceptance of the Equity Shares in this Open Offer and/or payment of consideration is 
delayed.  The tendered Equity Shares and documents will be held in trust by t he Registrar 
to the Offer until such time as the process of acceptance of tenders and the payment of 
consideration is complete. The Public Shareholders will not be able to trade in such Equity 
Shares which have been tendered in the Open Offer.  During such  period, there may be 
fluctuations in the market price of the Equity Shares. Neither the Acquirer, the PAC nor the 
Manager to the Offer makes any assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity 
Shares, both during the period that the Open Offer is open and upon the completion of the 
Offer, and each of them disclaims any responsibility with respect to any decision by any 
Public Shareholder on whether or not to participate in the Open Offer. It is understood that 
the Public Shareholders will be solel y responsible for their decisions regarding their 
participation in this Open Offer . 
 
7. The Acquirer shall acquire any Partly Paid Equity Shares tendered in the Open Offer, 
subject to such Public Shareholders holding such Partly Paid Equity Shares making full 
payment to the Target Company, including interest liability (if any), outstanding in  respect 
of the amount unpaid prior to tendering of such Partly Paid Equity Shares in the Open Offer. 
A Public Shareholder who holds Partly Paid Equity Shares will need to contact the Target 
Company for information on the amount outstanding and payable in respect of their 
respective Partly Paid Equity Shares, including details of interest for delay.  
 
8. The information contained in this Draft Letter of Offer is as of date of this Draft Letter of 
Offer unless expressly stated otherwise. The Acquirer, PAC and the Manager to the Offer 
are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the 
date of this Draft Letter of Offer.  The Acquirer, the PAC, and the Manager to the Offer accept 
no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in the PA, the DPS, and this Draft 
Letter of Offer, or in the advertisement or any materials issued by or at the instance of the 
Acquirer and the PAC, excluding such  information pertaining to the Target Company, which 
has been obtained from publicly available sources or provided or confirmed by the Target 
Company.  Any person placing reliance on any other source of information will be doing so 
at his/her/its own risk.  Information relating to the Target Company has not been 
independently verified by the Acquirer or the PAC or the Manager to the Offer.  
 
9. This Draft Letter of Offer has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction 
outside India.   Recipients of this Draft Letter of Offer resident in jurisdictions outside India 
should inform themselves of and observe any applicable legal requirements.   This Offer is 
not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where the same 
would be contrary to the applicable laws or regulations or would subject the Acquirer, the 
PAC or the Manager to the Offer to any new or additional  registration requirements . This 
DLoF does not in any way constitute an offer to purchase or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. This  is not an offer for sale, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy in, any foreign jurisdictions covered under the 'General 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 7 
  
 Disclaimer ' clause in Section II (Disclaimer s) of this DLoF and cannot be accepted by any 
means or instrumentality from within any such foreign jurisdictions . 
 
10. The Open Offer is being made for securities of an Indian company and the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company in the U.S should be aware that this Draft Letter of 
Offer and any other documents relating to the Open Offer have been or will be prepared i n 
accordance with Indian procedural and disclosure requirements, including requirements 
regarding the offer timetable and timing of payments, all of which differ from those in the 
U.S. Any financial information included in this Draft Letter of Offer or in any other 
documents relating to the Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non -
U.S. accounting standards that may not be comparable to financial statements of 
companies in the U.S or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with the U.S generally accepted accounting principles.  The receipt of cash 
pursuant to the Open Offer by a Public Shareholder of the Target Company may be a 
taxable transaction for the U.S federal income tax purposes and under the applic able U.S. 
state and local, as well as foreign and other, tax laws. Each Public Shareholder of the 
Target Company is urged to consult such Public Shareholder 's independent professional 
adviser immediately regarding the tax consequences of accepting this Open Offer.   
Additionally, it may be difficult for Public Shareholders of the Target Company in the U.S. 
to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws in connection with the Open Offer, since the Target Co mpany, the Acquirer 
and the PAC are incorporated in countries other than the U.S., and some or all of their 
officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the U.S. Public Shareholders 
of the Target Company in the U.S. may not be able to su e the Target Company, the Acquirer, 
the PAC or their respective officers or directors in a non -U.S. court for violations of U.S. 
federal or state securities laws.  Further, it may be difficult to compel the Target Company, 
the Acquirer, the PAC or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction 
or judgment of a U.S. court.  
 
11. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective tax advisors for assessing 
the tax liability pursuant to this Open Offer, whether in or outside of India and in respect of 
other aspects such as the treatment that may be given by their respective assessing 
officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The 
Acquirer, the PAC and the Manager to the Offer do not accept any responsibility for the 
accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions set forth in this DLo F. 
 
12. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective stockbroker, legal, 
financial, tax, investment or other advisors and consultants of their choosing, if any, for 
assessing further risks with respect to their participation in the Open Offer, a nd related 
transfer of Equity Shares to the Acquirer. The Acquirer, the PAC and the Manager to the 
Offer do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions 
set forth in this DLoF, and all shareholders should independently consult their respective 
tax advisors.  
 
13. Persons in possession of the LoF are required to inform themselves of any relevant 
restrictions in their respective jurisdictions.  Any Public Shareholder who tenders his, her, 
or its Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall be deemed to have declared, repre sented, 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 8 
  
 warranted, and agreed that he, she, or it is authorised under the provisions of any 
applicable local laws, rules, regulations, and statutes to participate in this Open Offer.  
 
14. The Acquirer is not a person resident in India under applicable Indian foreign exchange 
control regulations. Accordingly, if the Acquirer does not have control over the Target 
Company at the time of acquiring the Equity Shares tendered by the Public Shareh olders 
under this Open Offer, the mechanism for acquisition of Equity Shares through the stock 
exchange in terms of the Master Circular  (as defined below ) will not be available for this 
Open Offer  and in such case, the Acquirer will acquire the Equity Shar es tendered by the 
Public Shareholders under the Open Offer, in accordance with the 'tender offer method ' as 
prescribed under the Master Circular . If the Acquirer and/or PAC have acquired control over 
the Target Company, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, prior to the 
commencement of the Tendering Period, this Open Offer will be implemented by the 
Acquirer, subject to applicable laws, t hrough the Acquisition Window  (as defined below ) in 
accordance with the Master Circular. As per the Master Circular, a lien shall be marked 
against the shares of the shareholders participating in tender offers.  Upon finalisation of 
the entitlement, only accepted quantity of Equity Shares shall be debited from the demat 
account of the Public Shareholders.  The lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares 
shall be released. The detailed procedure for tendering and settlement of Equity Shares 
under the revised mechanism is specified in the anne xure to the said Master C ircular.  
 
B. Relating to the Acquirer and PAC : 
 
1. The Acquirer, the PAC and the Manager to the Offer  make no assurances with respect to 
the continuation of the financial performance or continuance of past trends in the financial 
performance or the future performance of the Target Company.   The Acquirer and the PAC 
make no assurance with respect to their investment / divestment decisions relating to their 
proposed shareholding in the Target Company.  
 
2. The Acquirer, the PAC and the Manager to the Offer make no assurances with respect to 
the market price of the Equity Shares before, during or after the Open Offer.  Each of the 
Acquirer, PAC  (including any persons deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer  and 
PAC), and the Manager to the Offer  expressly disclaim any responsibility or obligation of 
any kind  (except as required under applicable law) with respect to any decision by any 
Public Shareholder on whether to participate or not to participate in this Open Offer.  
 
3. As per Regulation 38 of SEBI ( LODR ) Regulations  (as defined below ) read with Rules 
19(2) and 19A of the SEBI ( SCRR ) Regulations  (defined below ), the Target Company is 
required to maintain at least 25% ( twenty five percent) public shareholding as determined 
in accordance with SEBI (SCRR) Regulations , on a continuous basis for listing.   Any failure 
to comply with the conditions of the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations  and the SEBI ( LODR ) 
Regulations,  could have an adverse effect on the price and tradability of the Equity Shares.  
If, as a result of the acquisition of Equity Shares in this Offer, the public shareholding in the 
Target Company falls below the minimum level required as per Rule 19A of the SEBI 
(SCRR) Regulations , the Acquirer will ensure that the Target Company satisfies the 
minimum public shareholding set out in Rule 19A of the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations  within 
the time permitted under, and in accordance with, applicable laws.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 9 
  
 4. None of the Acquirer, the PAC, the Manager to the Offer, and/or the Registrar to the Offer 
accept any responsibility for any loss of documents during transit  (including but not limited 
to Open Offer acceptance forms, copies of delivery instruction slips, e tc.) and the Public 
Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard.  
 
5. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the PA or DPS or DLoF or 
any other advertisement/ publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been 
compiled from information published or provided by the Target Company, as the case may 
be, or publicly available sources. The Acquirer and the PAC do not accept any responsibility 
with respect to any misstatement by the Target Company in relation to such information.   
 
C. DISCLAIMER FOR U.S. PERSONS:  
This Draft Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authori sed or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities or "blue sky " or 
other laws.  Potential users of the information contained in this Draft Letter of Offer are requested 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
D. DISCLAIMER FOR PERSONS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES:  
 
This Draft Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solici tation.  Potential users of the information contained 
in this Draft Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  
 
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 10 
  
 CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION  
 
In this Draft Letter of Offer, all references to "INR" are to Indian Rupee(s), the official currency of 
India, all references to "USD " are to United States  Dollars, the official currency of the United States 
of America , and all references to "AED " are to United Arab Emirates Dirham, the official currency 
of the United Arab Emirates . In this Draft Letter of Offer, any discrepancy in any table between the 
total and sums of the amount listed are due to rounding off and/or regrouping.   
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 11 
  
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
I. DEFINITIONS / ABBREVIATIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 12 
II. DISCLAIMERS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 20 
III. DETAILS OF THE OFFER  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  23 
IV. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC  ................................ ................................ ..... 33 
V. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................  38 
VI. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  ................................ ................................ ...... 42 
VII. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  ................................ ................................ ...................  47 
VIII. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER  ................................ ..... 53 
IX. TAX PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  71 
X. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 96 
XI. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC  ................................ ................................ ...... 97 
ANNEX I  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  101 
ANNEX II  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  104 
ANNEX III  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  107 
ANNEX IV  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  110 
ANNEX V  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  113 
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 12 
  
I. DEFINITIONS / ABBREVIATIONS  
 
Particulars  Details/Definition  
  
Acquirer  Avenir Investment RSC Ltd 
  
Acquisition Window  Separate  window  made  available  by the Stock  
Exchanges  for the purpose  of implementation of the 
Open Offer through stock exchange  mechanism as 
provided under the Master  Circular  
  
ADGM  Abu Dhabi Global Market  
  
Bank Guarantee  The unconditional and irrevocable bank guarantee 
dated October 7, 2025 from HDFC Bank Limited , for 
an amount of INR 551,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees five 
hundred and fifty one crore) , furnished by the 
Acquirer in favour of the Manager to the  Offer  
  
Board  The board of directors of the Target Company  
  
BSE BSE Limited  
  
Cash Escrow Amount  The cash  deposit  of a sum of INR 47,60,00,000 
(Indian Rupees forty seven crore and sixty lakh) , 
deposited by the Acquirer in the Escrow Account ( as 
defined below ) on October  07, 2025  
  
CCI Competition Commission of India  
  
CCI Approval  Competition Commission of India having either: (a) 
declined jurisdiction; or (b) issued an order approving 
the Underlying Transaction , the Open Offer and the 
acquisition of the Tranche II Warrants (as defined 
below ) under Section 31 of the Competition Act, 
2002, on terms set out in SSA  
  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
  
Clearing Corporation  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited and/or the NSE 
Clearing Limited  
  
Closing  The completion of the subscription of the Subscription 
Securities by the Acquirer  and other allied actions 
required to be completed in accordance with the 
terms of the SSA  
 
  
Depositories  CDSL and NSDL  
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 13 
 Detailed Public Statement / DPS  Detailed public statement dated October 09, 2025, 
published on October 09, 2025  on behalf  of the 
Acquirer  and the PAC in the Newspapers  
  
DP Depository participant  
  
Draft Letter of Offer / DLoF  This Draft  Letter  of Offer  dated  October 16,  2025  filed 
with the SEBI  pursuant to Regulation 16(1) of the 
SEBI (SAST)  Regulations  
  
Escrow Account  The escrow account under the name and title "Avenir 
Investment – Open Offer Escrow " opened with the 
Escrow Agent in accordance with Regulation 17 of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
  
Escrow Agent  CITIBANK, N.A , a scheduled commercial bank in 
India, a scheduled commercial bank in India, having 
an office at 09th Floor, First International Financial 
Centre, C -54 & 55, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 098, India  
  
Escrow Agreement  The escrow agreement dated October  03, 2025 
executed between the Manager  to the Offer , the 
Acquirer and the Escrow Agent  
  
Execution Date  The date of execution of the SSA, i.e., October 02, 
2025  
  
Equity Share(s)  Fully  paid-up equity  shares  of the Target  Company  
having  face value  of INR 2 (Indian Rupees two) each  
  
Expanded Voting Share Capital  The total voting equity share capital of the Target 
Company  on a fully diluted basis and expected as of 
the 10th (tenth) Working Day from the closure of the 
Tendering  Period for the Open  Offer. This includes 
(a) 33,00,00,111 (thirty three crore one hundred and 
eleven) Equity Shares to be allotted by the Target 
Company to the Acquirer in terms of the SSA; (b) the 
Tranche I Warrants, each in terms of the SSA and 
being subject to, inter alia , the approval of the 
shareholders of the Target Company and other 
statutory/ regulatory approvals; (c) 4.5% (four point 
five percent) foreign currency convertible bonds 
issued by the Target Company for USD 150,000,000 
(United States Dollars one hundred fifty million) of 
which a principal amount of USD  800,000 (United 
States Dollars eight hundred thousand) is 
outstanding; (d) 30,13,213 (thirty lakh thirteen 
thousand two hundred and thirteen) pre -existing 
partly -paid Equity Shares held by the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company (" Partly Paid 
Equity Shares "); and (e) employee stock options 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 14 
 which may vest or be exercised till December 31, 
2026  
  
FEMA  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as 
amended from time to time  
  
FIIs Erstwhile Foreign Institutional Investor(s), as defined 
under Section 2(1)(f) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) 
Regulations, 1995, as amended from time to time  
  
FIPB  Erstwhile Foreign Investment Promotion Board or the 
Foreign Investment Facilitation Portal, and which 
shall include the erstwhile Department of Industrial 
Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, Government  of India,  and which  shall include  
the Department  for Promotion of Industry and Internal 
Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, 
Government of  India  
  
FPIs  Foreign Portfolio Investor(s) , as defined under 
Regulation 2(h) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019, as amended from time to time  
  
HUF Hindu Undivided Family  
  
Identified Date  The date falling  on the 10th (tenth)  Working  Day prior 
to the commencement of the Tendering  Period , for the 
purpose of determining the Public Shareholders to 
whom the Letter of Offer shall be sent  
  
IDT Inter-depository tender  
  
IFSC  Indian Financial System Code  
  
Income Tax Act  The Income -tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to 
time and shall  include any statutory replacement, 
modifications or reenactment thereof, together with 
all applicable and binding by -laws, rules and  
regulations  
  
Initial Subscription Consideration  The aggregate of the Investor Shares' Consideration 
and the Initial Warrants' Consideration, payable by 
the Acquirer at Closing, in accordance with the terms 
of the SSA  
  
Initial Warrants' Consideration  An amount representing 25% (twenty five percent) of 
the consideration for such Investor Warrants, in 
accordance with the terms of the SSA  
  
Investor Shares' Consideration  INR 4,587,00,15,429 (Indian Rupees four thousand 
five hundred and eighty -seven crore fifteen thousand 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 15 
 four hundred and twenty nine) being the aggregate 
amount calculated at INR 139  (Indian Rupees one 
hundred thirty nine)  per Equity Share  
  
Investor Shares  33,00,00,111 (thirty three crore one hundred and 
eleven) Equity Shares, at a subscription price of INR 
139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty nine) per 
Equity Share  
 
  
Investor Warrants  Collectively, the Tranche I Warrants ( as defined 
below ) and the Tranche II Warrants ( as defined 
below )  
  
IPV In person verification  
  
Key Conditions Precedent  Has the meaning ascribed to it in Paragraph  5(b) of 
Part A ( Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details 
of the Offer ) 
  
KRA  KYC Registration Agency  
  
KYC  Know Your Client  
  
Long Stop Date  Date being 12 (twelve) months from the Execution 
Date or such other later date as mutually agreed 
between the Acquirer and the Target Company  
  
Master Circular  Master Circular for SEBI (SAST) Regulations bearing 
reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 
dated February 16, 2023  
  
Manager/ Manager to the Offer  Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited  
  
MSMEs  Micro, small & medium enterprises  
  
NEFT  National Electronic Funds Transfer  
  
Newspapers  The newspapers  wherein the DPS was published on 
behalf of the Acquirer and PAC as more specifically 
detailed below in Paragraph 3 of Part B ( Details of the 
Open Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the Offer ) 
  
NRIs  Non-Resident Indians  
  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
  
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
  
OCBs  Overseas Corporate Bodies  
  
Offer Period  The period between the date of the PA and the date 
on which the payment of consideration to Public 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 16 
 Shareholders who have accepted the Open Offer is 
made or the date on which the Open Offer is 
withdrawn, as the case may be  
  
Off-Market  Form  of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgment  Has been defined in Paragraph 12 of Part A 
(Operational Terms and Conditions ) of Section VII 
(Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) 
  
Offer / Open Offer  Open offer being made by the Acquirer and the PAC 
to the Public Shareholders  of the Target  to acquire  up 
to 34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty 
four thousand two hundred and eighty six) fully paid -
up Equity Shares, constituting up to 26.00%  (twenty 
six per cent) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital,  
at a price  of INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and 
thirty nine) per Equity Share  
  
Offer Closing Date  Date of closure of the Tendering Period  
  
Offer Opening Date  Date of commencement of the Tendering Period  
  
Offer Price  INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty nine) 
per Equity Share  
  
Offer Shares  Up to 34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen lakh 
fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty six) fully 
paid-up Equity Shares , proposed to be acquired 
pursuant to the Open  Offer  
  
Offer Size  Offer Shares representing 26.00% (twenty -six per 
cent) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital of the 
Target Company  
  
On Market Form of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgment  Has been defined in Paragraph 12 of Part A 
(Operational Terms and Conditions ) of Section VII 
(Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) 
  
Open Offer Escrow Demat Account  Has been defined in Paragraph  7 of Section VIII 
(Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the 
Offer ) 
  
OTP One-time password  
  
PAC  IHC Capital Holding LLC  
  
PAN Permanent Account Number  
  
Preferential Issue  Has been defined in Paragraph 1 of Part A 
(Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the 
Offer ) 
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 17 
 Public Announcement / PA  The public announcement in connection with the 
Offer dated October 02, 2025 issued by the Manager 
to the Offer on behalf of the Acquirer and the PAC  
  
Public Notice Period  30 (thirty) days (or such other shorter time period as 
may be permitted by the RBI) from the date of 
publication of the public notice pursuant to the RBI 
Approvals (unless waived by RBI)  
  
Public Shareholder(s)  All the public shareholders of the Target Company  
who are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in the 
Open Offer, and for the avoidance of doubt, excluding 
(a) the Acquirer and the PAC; and (b) the persons 
deemed to be acting in concert with the persons set 
out in (a)  
  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
  
RBI Approvals  Collectively, the approvals of the RBI received (a) by 
the Target Company, granted on terms set out in the 
SSA, for the Open Offer and the Underlying 
Transaction ( as defined below ) and the acquisition of 
the Tranche II Warrants by the Acquirer, including for 
appointment of the nominee directors of the Acquirer 
on the Board and the RBI Director NOC; and (b) by 
Sammaan Finserve Limited, being a material 
Subsidiary of the Target Company, for indirect change 
in control, and where applicable, followed by the 
expiry of the Public Notice Period  
  
RBI Director NOC  Receipt of a no -objection by the Target Company 
from the RBI approving the candidature of the 
individuals to be nominated by the Acquirer as 
nominee directors of the Acquirer to the Board  
  
Registrar to the Offer  / Registrar  MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link 
Intime India Private Limited)  
  
Relevant Period  October 1, 2024 to  September 30, 2025 i.e., 12 
(twelve) calendar months prior to October 2025 
(being the month in which the PA was made)  
  
Required Statutory Approvals  Collectively, shall mean (a) RBI Approvals, (b) CCI 
Approval, (c) SEBI Approvals, and (d) SE In -principle 
Approval, each granted on the terms set out in the 
SSA 
  
RTGS  Real Time Gross Settlement  
  
Scale Based Regulations  The Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Non -
Banking Financial Company – Scale Based 
Regulation) Directions, 2023, issued by the RBI, as 
amended from time to time  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 18 
   
SAML  Sammaan Asset Management Limited, a Subsidiary 
of the Target Company, having its registered office at 
1st Floor, Tower 3A, at DLF Corporate Greens, 
Sector -74A, Narsinghpur, Gurgaon, Narsinghpur 122 
004, Haryana, India  
  
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
  
SEBI Act  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  Act, 1992,  as 
amended  from time to time 
  
SEBI Approvals  Collectively shall means: (a) receipt of an approval 
from SEBI by SAML under the SEBI (Alternative 
Investment Funds) Regulations, 2012; and (b) receipt 
of an approval from SEBI by SAML under the SEBI 
(Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020, in each case 
for indirect change of control of SAML  
  
SEBI  Observation Letter  The observation letter issued by SEBI dated [●] 
bearing reference number [●]  in relation  to SEBI 's 
observations  on this Draft  Letter  of Offer  filed with 
SEBI on October 16,  2025  
  
SEBI (ICDR)  
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as amended from time to time  
  
SEBI (LODR)  
Regulations  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of India  (Listing  
Obligations  and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to  time 
  
SEBI (SAST)  
Regulations  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011, as amended from time to time  
  
SEBI (SCRR) Regulations  Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 as 
amended from time to time  
  
SE In -principle Approval  The in-principle approval issued by the Stock 
Exchanges for the issuance and allotment of Investor 
Shares and Investor Warrants on the terms set out in 
the SSA  
  
SSA The share subscription agreement dated October 02, 
2025 entered into amongst the Acquirer and the 
Target Company  
  
Stock Exchanges  Collectively, (a) BSE; and (b) NSE 
  
Subscription Securities  Collectively, shall mean the Investor Shares and 
Investor Warrants   
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 19 
 Subsidiary  Meaning ascribed to it under the Companies Act, 
2013  
  
Target / Target Company  Sammaan Capital Limited  
  
Tendering Period  The 10 (ten) Working Days period within which the 
Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares 
in acceptance of the Open Offer . As per the tentative 
schedule of major activities, the Tendering Period 
shall commenc e from Thursday, November 27, 2025 
and clos e on Wednesday, December 10, 2025 (both 
days inclusive)  
  
Transaction  Collectively, the Underlying Transaction and the 
Open Offer  
  
TRS Transaction registration slip  
  
Underlying Transaction  Has been defined in Paragraph 3 of Part A 
(Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the 
Offer ) 
  
U.S. United States of America  
  
Working Day(s)  Shall have the same meaning ascribed to it in the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations  
* All capitalized terms used in this DLoF, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed 
thereto or in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 20 
 II. DISCLAIMER S 
 
A. IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT FILING OF THIS DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER WITH SEBI SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT 
THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED, VETTED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. THE DRAFT 
LETTER OF OFFER HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITE D PURPOSE OF 
OVERSEEING WHETHER THE DISCLOSURES CONTAINED THEREIN ARE 
GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE THE PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS OF SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED TO TAKE AN INFORMED 
DECISI ON WITH REGARD TO THE OPEN OFFER. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY EITHER FOR THE FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE ACQUIRER, 
THE PAC OR THE TARGET COMPANY WHOSE SHARES / CONTROL IS PROPOSED 
TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR 
OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER. IT SHOULD ALSO BE 
CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC ARE 
PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND 
DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION IN THIS DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER,  THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER IS EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE 
DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC DULY DISCHARGE 
THEIR RESPONSIBILITIES ADEQUATELY.  IN THIS BEHALF, AND TOWARDS THIS 
PURPOSE, THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER, CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED , HAS SUBMITTED A DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED 
OCTOBER  16, 2025 TO SEBI IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SEBI (SAST) 
REGULATIONS  AND THE SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS THEREOF . THE FILING OF 
THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER DOES NOT, HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER 
AND THE PAC FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY 
CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE OFFER.  
 
B. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  
 
1. THE OPEN OFFER IS BEING MADE FOR SECURITIES OF AN INDIAN 
COMPANY AND PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF THE TARGET COMPANY IN 
THE U.S. SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER AND 
ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE OPEN OFFER HAVE BEEN OR 
WILL BE PREPARED IN A CCORDANCE WITH INDIAN PROCEDURAL AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS, INCLUDING REQUIREMENTS REGARDING 
THE OFFER TIMETABLE AND TIMING OF PAYMENTS, ALL OF WHICH 
DIFFER FROM THOSE IN THE U.S. ANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
INCLUDED IN THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER OR IN ANY  OTHER 
DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE OPEN OFFER, HAS BEEN OR WILL BE 
PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH NON -U.S. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
THAT MAY NOT BE COMPARABLE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF 
COMPANIES IN THE U.S. OR OTHER COMPANIES WHOSE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS ARE PREPARE D IN ACCORDANCE WITH U.S. GENERALLY 
ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 21 
 2. THE RECEIPT OF CASH PURSUANT TO THE OPEN OFFER BY A PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER OF THE TARGET COMPANY MAY BE A TAXABLE 
TRANSACTION FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND UNDER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE AND LOCAL, AS WELL AS FOREIGN AND OTHER, 
TAX LAWS. EACH PUBLIC SH AREHOLDER OF THE TARGET COMPANY IS 
URGED TO CONSULT SUCH PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER 'S INDEPENDENT 
PROFESSIONAL ADVISER IMMEDIATELY REGARDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF ACCEPTING THIS OPEN OFFER.  
 
3. IT MAY BE DIFFICULT FOR PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF THE TARGET 
COMPANY IN THE U.S. TO ENFORCE THEIR RIGHTS AND ANY CLAIMS THEY 
MAY HAVE ARISING UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPEN OFFER, SINCE THE TARGET 
COMPANY, THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC ARE INCORPORATED IN 
COUNTRIES OTHER THAN THE U.S., AND SOME OR ALL OF THEIR 
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS MAY BE RESIDENTS OF COUNTRIES OTHER 
THAN THE U.S. PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF THE TARGET COMPANY IN 
THE U.S. MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUE THE TARGET COMPANY, THE 
ACQUIRER, THE PAC OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS IN 
A NON -U.S. COURT FOR VIOLATIONS OF U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS.  FURTHER, IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO COMPEL THE 
TARGET COMPANY, THE ACQUIRER, THE PAC OR THEIR RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES TO SUBJECT THEMSELVES TO THE JURISDICTION OR 
JUDGMENT OF A U.S. COURT.  
 
4. THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER HAS NOT BEEN FILED WITH OR REVIEWED  
BY THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES REGULATOR .  NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS 
APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER OR PASSED ANY COMMENT 
UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS DLOF. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE 
U.S. 
 
C. DISCLAIMER FOR PERSONS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES  
 
1. THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER HAS NOT BEEN FILED , REGISTERED OR 
APPROVED IN ANY JURISDICTION OUTSIDE INDIA.  RECIPIENTS OF THIS 
DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER RESIDENT IN JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE INDIA 
SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY APPLICABLE 
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.  THIS OFFER IS NOT DIRECTED TOWARDS ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR COUNTRY WHERE THE 
SAME WOULD BE CONTRARY TO THE APPLICABLE LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS OR WOULD SUBJECT THE ACQUIRER, THE PAC OR THE 
MANAGER TO THE OFFER TO ANY NEW OR ADDITIONAL REGIST RATION 
REQUIREMENTS.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 22 
 2. RECEIPT OF THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER BY ANY SHAREHOLDER IN A 
JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE THIS OFFER, OR 
WHERE MAKING THIS OFFER WOULD REQUIRE ANY ACTION TO BE TAKEN 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO, REGISTRATION OF THIS DRAFT 
LETTER  OF OFFER UNDER ANY LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS), SHALL NOT 
BE TREATED BY SUCH SHAREHOLDER AS AN OFFER BEING MADE TO 
THEM AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED BY THEM AS BEING SENT FOR 
INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
3. THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER DOES NOT IN ANY WAY CONSTITUTE AN 
OFFER TO PURCHASE OR AN INVITATION TO SELL, ANY SECURITIES IN 
ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER OR INVITATION IS NOT 
AUTHORISED OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE 
SUCH OFFER OR SO LICITATION.  PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF THIS 
DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER ARE REQUIRED TO INFORM THEMSELVES OF 
ANY RELEVANT RESTRICTIONS IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. 
ANY SHAREHOLDER WHO TENDERS HIS, HER OR ITS EQUITY SHARES IN 
THE OFFER SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAV E DECLARED, REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED THAT HE, SHE OR IT IS AUTHORISED UNDER 
THE PROVISIONS OF ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS, RULES, 
REGULATIONS AND STATUTES TO PARTICIPATE IN THE OFFER . 
 
D. GENERAL  
 
1. THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER TOGETHER WITH THE DETAILED PUBLIC 
STATEMENT AND THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE OFFER, HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR THE PURPOSES OF COMPLIANCE 
WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF INDIA, INCLUDING THE 
SEBI ACT AND THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS, AND HAS NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED OR APPROVED UNDER ANY LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF 
ANY COUNTRY OUTSIDE OF INDIA.  THE DISCLOSURES IN THIS DRAFT 
LETTER OF OFFER AND THE OFFER PARTICULARS INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THE OFFER PRICE, OFFER SIZ E AND PROCEDURES FOR 
ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER IS GOVERNED BY SEBI 
(SAST) REGULATIONS, AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND 
REGULATIONS OF INDIA, THE PROVISIONS OF WHICH MAY BE DIFFERENT 
FROM THOSE OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN INDIA.  ACCORD INGLY, 
THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH 
WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS DOCUMENT HAD BEEN 
PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF ANY 
JURISDICTION OUTSIDE OF INDIA.  THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
DRAFT LETTE R OF OFFER IS AS OF THE DATE OF THIS DRAFT LETTER OF 
OFFER.  THE ACQUIRER, PAC, THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER ARE UNDER 
NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AT 
ANY TIME AFTER THE DATE OF THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER.  
 
2. NO ACTION HAS BEEN OR WILL BE TAKEN TO PERMIT THIS OFFER IN ANY 
JURISDICTION WHERE ACTION WOULD BE REQUIRED FOR THAT 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 23 
 PURPOSE.  THE LETTER OF OFFER SHALL BE DISPATCHED TO ALL 
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING THE EQUITY SHARES WHOSE NAMES 
APPEAR IN THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS OF THE TARGET COMPANY, AT 
THEIR STATED ADDRESS, AS OF THE IDENTIFIED DATE. HOWEVER, 
RECEIPT OF THE LETTER O F OFFER BY ANY PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER IN A 
JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO MAKE THIS OFFER, OR 
WHERE MAKING THIS OFFER WOULD REQUIRE ANY ACTION TO BE TAKEN 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO, REGISTRATION OF THE LETTER 
OF OFFER UNDER ANY LOCAL SECU RITIES LAWS OF SUCH 
JURISDICTION), SHALL NOT BE TREATED BY SUCH PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDER AS AN OFFER BEING MADE TO THEM AND SHALL BE 
CONSTRUED BY THEM AS BEING SENT FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES 
ONLY.  
 
3. PERSONS IN POSSESSION OF THIS DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER ARE 
REQUIRED TO INFORM THEMSELVES OF ANY RELEVANT RESTRICTIONS 
IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS. ANY PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER WHO 
TENDERS HIS, HER OR ITS EQUITY SHARES IN THIS OFFER SHALL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE DECLARED, REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND 
AGREED THAT HE, SH E OR IT IS AUTHORISED UNDER THE PROVISIONS 
OF ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS AND 
STATUTES TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS OFFER.  
 
III. DETAILS OF THE OFFER  
 
A. Background to the Offer : 
 
1. The Open Offer is a mandatory offer being made by the Acquirer and the PAC to 
the Public Shareholders of the Target Company in compliance with Regulations 
3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations,  pursuant to the SSA , wherein it is 
agreed that the  Target Company shall,  by way of preferential allotment on private 
placement basis (" Preferential Issue ") in accordance with the Companies Act, 
2013 and the SEBI ( ICDR ) Regulations, each as amended, issue  to the Acquirer 
and the Acquirer shall subscribe to the following in accordance with the SSA:  
 
(a) 33,00,00,111 (thirty three crore one hundred and eleven) Equity Shares, 
at a subscription price of INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty 
nine) per Equity Share (" Investor Shares "); 
 
(b) 8,68,92,966 (eight crore sixty eight lakh ninety two thousand nine hundred 
and sixty six) warrants, each carrying a right to subscribe to 1 (one) Equity 
Share, at a price of INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty -nine) 
per warrant, which shall be ex ercised by the Acquirer within twenty six 
weeks from the closure of the Offer Period for the Open Offer (" Tranche I 
Warrants ") in compliance with the requirements under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, as may be applicable at the time of such exercise; and  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 24 
 (c) 21,97,97,569  (twenty one crore ninety seven lakh ninety seven thousand 
five hundred and sixty nine) warrants, each carrying a right to subscribe to 
1 (one) Equity Share, at a price of INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred 
and thirty -nine) per warrant, which may be exerci sed in one or more 
tranches, until the expiry of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of warrants (" Tranche II Warrants ") in compliance with the 
requirements under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, as may be applicable 
at the time of such exercise. T he Acquirer has agreed not to exercise the 
Tranche II Warrants until after the expiry of the 10th (tenth) Working Day 
from the closure of the Tendering Period for the Open Offer.  
 
2. The Preferential Issue has been approved by the Board on October 02, 2025.  
 
3. The transactions set out in Paragraph 1  above, including (a) the proposed 
Preferential Issue to the Acquirer pursuant to the terms and conditions in the SSA, 
the acquisition and exercise of control over the Target Company pursuant to the 
terms of the SSA; (b) the Acquirer becoming 'promoter' of the Target Company 
pursuant to the terms of the SSA; and (c) the exercise of the Tranche I Warrants, 
are collectively referred to as the " Underlying Transaction ". 
 
4. The details of the Underlying Transaction  are set out in  Annex I .  
 
5. The salient features of the SSA are set out below:   
 
(a) The SSA sets forth the terms and conditions agreed between the Acquirer 
and Target Company and their respective rights and obligations with 
respect to the Underlying Transaction and acquisition of the Tranche II 
Warrants. The Initial Subscription Considera tion for the issuance and 
allotment of the Subscription Securities to the Acquirer will be paid in 
accordance with the terms of the SSA and applicable laws;  
 
(b) The subscription to the Subscription Securities in accordance with the 
terms of the SSA is subject to satisfaction (or waiver) of conditions 
precedent as specified under the SSA, including but not limited to the 
following key conditions precedent:  
 
(i) receipt of Required Statutory Approvals;  
 
(ii) receipt of necessary approvals from shareholders  of the Target 
Company  approving the issuance of the Subscription Securities to 
the Acquirer;  
 
(iii) no event having occurred which constitutes a material adverse 
effect (as defined in the SSA) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Acquirer; and  
 
(iv) the Target Company, having received written consents or waivers 
or no -objections (as the case may be), for undertaking the 
transactions contemplated in the SSA from its lenders under the 
respective financing arrangements.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 25 
 The conditions precedent specified in sub -paragraphs (i) to (iv) 
above (both inclusive) are referred to as the " Key Conditions 
Precedent ". 
(c) Upon satisfaction or waiver (in accordance with the SSA) of the conditions 
precedent under the SSA and completion of the Public Notice Periods 
pursuant to the respective RBI Approvals, the Closing shall take place at 
the registered office of the Target Com pany and on such date as the Target 
Company and the Acquirer may mutually agree in writing, provided that 
such date shall be within the prescribed timeline for allotment under 
applicable law and in any event no later than expiry of 12 (twelve) months 
from the execution date of the SSA or such other later date as mutually 
agreed between the Acquirer and Target Company;  
 
(d) From the date of execution of the SSA and until Closing, the Target 
Company is subject to customary standstill covenants, including inter -alia 
the obligations of:  
 
(i) conducting its operations with due diligence consistent with the 
manner in which the business has been undertaken by the Target 
Company prior to the date of the SSA and in compliance with 
applicable law;  
 
(ii) maintain and preserve its assets in good working order and 
condition consistent with past practice;  
 
(iii) maintain and not allow to lapse any material approvals required 
under applicable law for it to own and operate the business as 
owned and operated on the date of the SSA and immediately prior 
to the date of the SSA; and  
 
(iv) not undertaking certain actions without the prior written consent of 
the Acquirer other than as permitted under the SSA, including: 
(aa) executing contracts (other than with related parties or which 
is in the ordinary course of business) above the value as 
contemplated in the SSA in any financial year or which is not on 
an arms' length basis; (ab) alteration of the charter documents of 
the Target Company otherwise as envisaged in the SSA; (ac) 
declare, pay or make any dividend (whether interim or final) or 
distribution (whether in cash, securities, property); (ad) except in 
the ordinary course of business, amend, modify or waive any 
rights under any material contracts in a manner adverse to the 
business or cancel or terminate any such contract that is not due 
for expiry or termination; (ae) undertake any change in the capital 
structure except as contemplated in the SSA; (af) grant any loans 
or advances or providing any financial assistance or guarantee 
(other than in the ordinary course of business) to any pe rson 
(other than employees); (ag) except in the ordinary course of 
business, acquire any securities or other interest in any person or 
acquiring any business carried on by any person; (ah) undertaking 
any corporate restructuring, reorganisation, amalgamation, 
absorption, merger or demerger transaction involving the Target 
Company and its subsidiaries, except as contemplated in the 
SSA; and (ai) availing of any indebtedness outside of the ordinary 
course of business.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 26 
  
(e) Customary warranties (backed by indemnities customary for a transaction 
of this nature) have been provided by the Target Company to the Acquirer 
with respect to authority and capacity, business and tax related matters, 
including without limitation  (to the extent relevant and applicable, each of 
the warranties being applicable to each Subsidiary as though the 
statement was being made in respect of such Subsidiary):  
 
(i) the Target Company being duly incorporated and validly existing 
under the laws of India;  
 
(ii) the execution and delivery of the SSA being duly authorised by all 
necessary action on the part of the Target Company;  
 
(iii) the Target Company not being bankrupt or insolvent under 
applicable Indian laws;  
 
(iv) the issuance of Subscription Securities being duly authorised by 
all necessary corporate actions, and when issued and delivered 
in terms of the SSA, being validly issued;  
 
(v) the Target Company being in compliance with applicable laws in 
relation to its business in all material respects, and having 
obtained necessary approvals required under applicable law for 
the conduct of the business of the Target Company;  
 
(vi) the Target Company having good, valid and marketable title of 
immovable property owned by it; and  
 
(vii) the business of the Target Company  being in compliance with 
applicable anti -bribery laws and anti -money laundering laws.  
 
(f) The SSA specifies that the notice convening meeting of the shareholders 
of the Target Company on October  29, 2025 is required to include 
resolutions to amend the articles of association of the Target Company in 
a form agreed with the Acquirer such that the Acquirer will be entitled to 
the following rights in the Target Company, with effect from its  classification 
as, and for as long as it is classified as a "promoter" of the Target 
Company, subject to the approval of the Public Shareholders (" Special 
Rights "): 
 
(i) right to appoint the majority of the Board subject to the board 
composition being in accordance with the requirements of 
applicable law;  
 
(ii) right to appoint a nominee director on the audit committee and 
nomination and remuneration committee;  
 
(iii) right to appoint majority of the directors or the chairperson on the 
stakeholder relationship committee and the risk management 
committees;  
 
(iv) right of pre -emption over any proposed future issuance of 
securities by the Target Company on a pro rata basis in order to 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 27 
 maintain the Acquirer 's proportionate shareholding in the Target 
Company, on the same terms and conditions as offered to other 
subscribers;  
 
(v) right to receive such information and updates from the Target 
Company as provided by the Target Company to the Public 
Shareholders;  
 
(vi) right to share information received from the Target Company 
under sub -paragraph  (v) above with the Acquirer 's affiliates, 
subject to the provisions of applicable laws;  
 
(vii) right to request the Target Company to provide it with such 
information that is reasonably necessary for the Acquirer  to file its 
tax returns or as may be necessary in connection with any tax 
audit / assessments or controversy . 
 
(g) The Acquirer will acquire and exercise control over the Target Company 
and become the 'promoter ' of the Target Company  in accordance with and 
subject to the terms in the SSA and the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations. On Closing in the scenario where the Acquirer has deposited 
100% (hundred per cent) of the Open Offer Consideration (as defined 
below) in Escrow Account as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and 
completed other necessary actions in terms of the SSA, the Target 
Company shall: (i) hold a meeting of the Board for approving, amongst 
other matters, the allotment of Subscription Securities, appointment of 
nomi nee directors of the Acquirer on the Board and taking actions for 
convening a general meeting of the shareholders of the Target Company 
for obtaining approval of the Public Shareholders for appointment of 
directors nominated by the Acquirer; (ii) deliver to the Acquirer the letters 
of allotment; (iii) instruct the depository and registrar of the Target 
Company to credit the Investor Shares to the appropriate account; 
(iv) update the statutory registers maintained by the Target Company; and 
(v) issue the upd ated disclosure letter to the Acquirer.  
 
(h) Under the SSA, the Acquirer and Target Company have agreed that the 
Tranche I Warrants shall be exercised within 26  (twenty six) weeks of the 
expiry of the period of the Open Offer, undertaken in compliance with the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The Tranche II Warrants may be exercised at 
any time, in one or more tranches, until expiry of 18 (eighteen) months 
from the date of allotment of such warrants. The exercise of each of the 
Investor Warrants will be undertaken in compliance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulation s, as applicable at the time of exercise of the Investor Warrants. 
The Acquirer has agreed not to exercise the Tranche II Warrants until after 
the expiry of the 10th (Tenth) Working Day from the closure of the 
Tendering Period for the Offer.  
 
(i) Under the SSA, the Acquirer may terminate the SSA in certain 
circumstances including: (i) if the Target Company fails to satisfy the 
conditions precedent at least 20 (twenty) days prior to the Long Stop Date; 
(ii) the application for the RBI Approvals, SEBI Approval or CCI Approval 
is rejected or received on onerous terms; (iii) any investigation or 
proceeding or any order, injunction or decree of any court prevents 
consummation of the transaction contemplated under the SSA; or (iv) in 
the event of a material breach by the Target Company, which remains 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 28 
 uncured, of the standstill obligations as identified under and in terms of the 
SSA, which adversely impacts consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the SSA or adversely affects the Acquirer with respect to 
the transactions under the SSA or its abi lity to invest in the Target 
Company; or (v) Closing does not occur by the Long Stop Date as per the 
process set out in the SSA. In addition, if the special resolution for the 
issuance of the Subscription Securities is not passed by requisite majority 
by the Target Company 's shareholders and the Acquirer withdraws the 
Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the SSA 
automatically terminates once the Open Offer withdrawal formalities are 
completed.  Separately, if Closing does not take place on the closing d ate 
as a result of one party's failure to comply with its obligations, the other 
party to the SSA may elect to terminate the SSA immediately by written 
notice. The SSA can also be terminated by mutual written agreement of 
both parties to the SSA at any time before Closing.  
 
6. In terms of Regulation 16(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, this DLoF is being 
issued within 5 (five) Working Days from the date of the DPS.  
 
7. As per Regulations 26(6) and 26(7) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Board is 
required, upon receipt of the Detailed Public Statement, to constitute a committee 
of independent directors to provide their reasoned recommendations on the Open 
Offer.  The re asoned recommendations are required to be published in the same 
newspapers in which the Detailed Public Statement was published at least 2 (two) 
Working Days before the commencement of the Tendering Period , and 
simultaneously a copy of such recommendations is required to be sent to SEBI, 
the Stock Exchanges and to the Manager to the Offer.  
 
8. As of the date of this DLoF, the Acquirer and the PAC do not  have any nominee 
directors or representatives on the Board. The Acquirer and the PAC reserve the 
right to propose their nominees to be appointed as directors on the Board , as 
mentioned in Paragraph 5(f) of Part A ( Background to the Offer ) of Section III 
(Details of the Offer ) of this Draft Letter of Offer.  As on the date of this DLoF, the 
Acquirer and the PAC propose to nominate Mr. Alwyn Crasta  as a nominee director 
on the Board .  
 
9. As on the date of the DLoF, neither the Acquirer nor the PAC have  been prohibited 
by SEBI from dealing in securities, pursuant to the terms of any directions issued 
under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other regulations made under the 
SEBI Act.  
 
B. Details of the Open Offer: 
 
1. The Open  Offer is a mandatory offer made by the Acquirer and the PAC in 
compliance with Regulations  3(1) and 4 and other applicable regulations of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, pursuant to the SSA and the board resolution of the 
Target Company dated October  02, 2025 authorising the Preferential Issue, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Target Company.    
 
2. The PA announcing the Open Offer, under Regulations 3(1), 4 read with 
Regulations 13(1), 13(2)(g), 13(2A), 14 and 15(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations,  
was submitted to the Stock Exchanges on October 2, 2025. The PA was also filed 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 29 
 with SEBI on October 2, 2025 and was sent electronically to the Target Company 
on October 2, 2025 in terms of Regulation 14(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
3. In accordance with Regulation s 13(4) and 14(3) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 
the Detailed Public Statement dated Thursday, October 09, 2025 in respect of the 
Open Offer was published on Thursday, October 09, 2025 in the following 
newspapers  (collectively, "Newspapers "): 
 
Newspaper  Language  Editions  
   
Financial Express  English  All Editions  
   
Jansatta   Hindi  All Editions  
   
Navshakti  Marathi  Mumbai Edition  
 
4. Simultaneously, a copy of the Detailed Public Statement was sent through the 
Manager to the Offer to: (a) SEBI; (b) the Stock Exchanges; and (c) the Target 
Company, in accordance with Regulation 14(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
5. A copy of the PA and Detailed Public Statement are also available on the website 
of SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in).  
 
6. The Open  Offer is being made by the Acquirer and the PAC to all Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company to acquire up to 34,17,54,286 (thirty four 
crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty six) fully paid -up 
Equity Shares  ("Offer Shares "), constituting up to 26 .00% (twenty six per cent) of 
the Expanded  Voting  Share  Capital of the Target Company (" Offer Size ") at a price 
of INR  139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty -nine) per Offer Share (" Offer 
Price ") aggregating up to INR  4,750,38,45,754  (Indian Rupees four thousand 
seven hundred fifty crore thirty eight lakh forty five thousand seven hundred and 
fifty four) (assuming full acceptance)  ("Open Offer Consideration "), subject to the 
receipt of all applicable statutory approvals (including Required Statutory 
Approvals) on terms set out in the SSA, and subject to the terms and conditions 
mentioned in the PA,  the DPS  and as will be set out in  the Letter of Offer that is 
proposed to be issued for the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. The Acquirer shall acquire any Partly Paid Equity Shares tendered in 
the Open Offer, subject to such Public Shareholders holding such Part ly Paid 
Equity Shares making full payment to the Target Company, including interest 
liability (if any), outstanding in respect of the amount unpaid prior to tendering of 
such Partly Paid Equity Shares in the Open Offer. A Public Shareholder who holds 
Partly Paid Equity Shares will nee d to contact the Target Company for information 
on the amount outstanding and payable in respect of their respective Partly Paid 
Equity Shares, including details of interest for delay.  
 
7. The Offer  Price has been arrived at, in accordance with Regulation  8(1) and 8(2) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
8. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open  Offer by the 
Public  Shareholders, is more than the Offer  Size, then the Equity  Shares validly 
tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a proportionate basis, in 
consultati on with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum of 34,17,54,286 
(thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty six) 
Equity Shares, representing 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 30 
 Expanded  Voting  Share  Capital.   The Acquirer shall acquire any Partly Paid Equity 
Shares tendered in the Open Offer, subject to such Public Shareholders holding 
such Partly Paid Equity Shares making full payment to the Target Company, 
including interest liability (if any), outstanding in respect of the amount unpaid prior 
to tendering of such Partly Paid Equity Shares in the Open Offer. A Public 
Shareholder who holds Partly Paid Equity Shares will need to contact the Target 
Company for information on the am ount outstanding and payable in respect of their 
respective Partly Paid Equity Shares, including details of interest for delay.  
 
9. The Offer  Price is payable in cash by the Acquirer in accordance with 
Regulation  9(1)(a) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and subject to the terms and 
conditions set out in the PA, th e DPS and  as will be set out in the  Letter of Offer  
that is proposed to be issued for the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations . 
 
10. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in the Open  Offer shall 
ensure that the Equity  Shares are clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. 
The Offer  Shares will be acquired  by the Acqui rer, subject to such Offer  Shares 
being validly tendered in the Open  Offer  fully paid -up, free from all liens , char ges, 
equitable interests and encumbrances and shall be tendered  together with all the 
rights attached thereto, including all the rights to dividends, bonuses and right s 
offers , if any,  declared thereof and in accordance with the terms and conditions set 
forth in the PA, th e DPS and as will be set out in the Letter of Offer  that is proposed 
to be issued for the Open Offer , and the Public  Shareholders tendering their Equity 
Shares in the Open Offer shall have obtained all necessary consents required by 
them to tender the Offer  Shares  on the foregoing basis .  
 
11. Paragraph  1 of Part  C (Statutory and other Approvals ) of Section  VII (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer ) sets out the details of the statutory, governmental and other 
approvals required including the Required Statutory Approvals which, if not 
obtained in the terms of the SSA, may lead to the Open Offer being withdrawn in 
accordance with Regulation  23 of the S EBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
12. As on date of this DLoF, the Expanded Voting Share Capital of the Target Company 
is as follows:  
 
Particulars  Issued and Paid -
Up Shares  % of Expanded 
Voting Share 
Capital  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares of the Target Company  82,83,69,930   63.02%  
Partly paid -up Equity Shares  30,13,213   0.23%  
Equity Shares to be allocated by the Target 
Company to the Acquirer  in terms of the SSA  33,00,00,111   25.11%  
Tranche I Warrants in terms of the SSA  8,68,92,966   6.61%  
Equity  shares corresponding to 2,55,711 foreign 
currency convertible bonds (outstanding amount 
USD 800,000)  2,55,711   0.02%  
Employee stock options which may vest or be 
exercised till December 31, 2026  6,59,07,629   5.01%  
Expanded Voting Share Capital (Total)  1,31,44,39,560   100.00%  
 
13. Please refer to Paragraph  1 of Part  C (Statutory and Other Approvals ) of 
Section  VII (Terms and Conditions of the Offer ), in relation to the details of the 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 31 
 statutory and other  approvals required to complete the Underlying Transaction and 
the acquisition of the Offer Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to the Open 
Offer. In addition, the Underlying Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of other 
conditions precedent sp ecified in the SSA (unless waived in accordance with the 
SSA).  To the best of the knowledge of the Acquirer and the PAC, there are no 
statutory or other approvals required to complete the acquisition  of the 
Subscription  Securities  under the SSA (details of  which are set out in Part II 
(Background to the Open Offer )) or of the Offer  Shares pursuant to this Open Offer 
as on the date of this DLoF , except as set out in Part  C (Statutory and Other 
Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ). If, however, any 
statutory or other approval becomes applicable prior to the completion of the 
Open  Offer, the Open  Offer would be subject to such statutory or other approval(s) 
being obtained. The necessary applications for these regulatory / statutory 
approvals shall be  made in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.   
Where any statutory or other approval extends to some but not all the Public 
Shareholders, the Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to such Public 
Shareholders in resp ect of whom no statutory or other approvals are required in 
order to complete this Offer.  
 
14. In the event that the Required Statutory Approvals, or any statutory  approvals 
which become applicable prior to completion of the Offer, are not received or are 
finally refused or are not satisfied in accordance with the SSA for reason s outside 
the reasonable control of the Acquirer; or if Key C onditions Precedent are not 
satisfied in accordance with the SSA  or if the Acquirer terminates the SSA in terms 
of Paragraph III(A)(5)(i)(iv) above, each  for reasons outside the reasonable control 
of Acquirer, and in each of the foregoing case the Acquirer terminates the SSA ; 
then the Acquirer and the PAC may withdraw this Open Offer in terms of Regulation 
23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
15. The Acquirer and the PAC have no intention to delist the Target Company pursuant 
to the Open Offer.  
 
16. The Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance pursuant 
to the terms of Regulation  19 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
17. The Offer Price is subject to upward revisions pursuant to SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, if any, or at the discretion of the Acquirer and the PAC at any time 
prior to one Working Day before the commencement of the Tendering Period in 
accordance with Regulation 18(4) and Regulation 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
18. The Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation  20 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations.  
 
19. There is no differential pricing being offered for the Equity Shares tendered in this 
Offer.  
 
20. The Equity Shares are listed on the Stock Exchanges.  
 
21. As per Regulation 38 of the SEBI ( LODR ) Regulations,  read with Rule  19A of SEBI 
(SCRR) Regulations , the Target Company is required to maintain minimum public 
shareholding of 25% (twenty five per cent), as determined in accordance with the 
SEBI (SCRR) Regulations , on a continuous basis for listing. Upon completion of 
the Open  Offer and the Underlying Transaction, if the public shareholding of the 
Target Company falls below the minimum level of public shareholding as required 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 32 
 to be maintained by the Target Company as per the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations  and 
the SEBI ( LODR ) Regulations , the Acquirer and the PAC undertake to take 
necessary steps to facilitate the compliance by the Target Company with the 
relevant provisions prescribed under the SEBI (SCRR) Regulations  as per the 
requirements of Regulation  7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and/or the SEBI 
(LODR ) Regulations, within the time period stated therein, i.e., to bring down the 
non-public shareholding to 75% ( seventy five per cent) within 12 (twelve) months 
from the date of such fall in the public shareholding to below 25% ( twenty five per 
cent), through permitted routes and any other such routes as may be approved by 
SEBI from time to time.  
 
22. As on the date of this DLoF , the Manager to the Offer does not hold any Equity 
Shares of the Target  Company.   The Manager to the Offer shall not deal, on its own 
account, in the Equity Shares of the Target Company during  the Offer Period.  
 
23. In the event of withdrawal of this Open Offer, a public announcement stating the 
grounds and reasons for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations will be made within 2 (two) Working Days of such 
withdrawal, in the s ame newspapers in which the DPS was published and such 
public announcement will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the 
Target Company at its registered office.  
 
24. As on the date of this DLoF, there is no revision in the Offer Price or size of the 
Open Offer. In case of any revision in the Offer Price or size of the Open Offer, the 
Acquirer and the PAC shall comply with applicable provisions of Regulation 18 of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any other provisions of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations which are required to be fulfilled for the said revision in the Offer Price 
or size of the Open Offer.  
 
25. Other than the transactions detailed in Part A ( Background to the Offer ) of Section 
III (Details of the Offer ) above, which have triggered this Offer, as on the date of 
this DLoF, neither  the Acquirer and its director  nor the PAC and its manager  hold 
any ownership / interest / relationship / shares in the Target Company. The Acquirer 
and/or PAC have not acquired any Equity Shares from the date of the Public 
Announcement and up to the date of this Draft Letter of Offer.  
 
C. Object of the Acquisition / Offer : 
 
1. Object of the offer : This Offer is being made by the Acquirer and the PAC, to the 
Public Shareholders of the Target Company with an intention  for the Acquirer  to 
acquire and exercise control over the Target Company and to become 'promoter' 
of the Target Company, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the SSA, in 
compliance with Regulations 3 (1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Following 
the completion of the Open Offer, the Acquirer and PAC intend to position the 
Target Company for future growth and creation of value for its stakeholders, by 
facilitating grow th capital, strengthening the balance sheet and spearheading the 
next phase of growth in core segments with a well -structured strategic plan, which 
will provide long -term capital and strong institutional ownership for the  
Target  Company, bolster the Target  Company 's ability to deliver strong profitable 
growth with deeper access to liabilities, improve credit -rating of the 
Target  Company and lowers cost of funds, augment the Target  Company 's 
technology and artificial intelligence capabilities to further impr ove customer 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 33 
 engagement and accelerate operating efficiency, strengthen governance structure 
in the Target  Company, in line with global best -practices.  
 
2. As of the date of this DLoF , the Acquirer  and the PAC do not have any intention to 
alienate, dispose -off or otherwise encumber any material assets or investments of 
the Target Company or any of its Subsidiaries, through sale, lease, encumbrance, 
reconstruction, restructuring or otherwise in the 2  (two) years from the date of 
completion of the Offer Period, other than: (a) in the ordinary course of business 
(including for the disposal of assets and creation of encumbrances in accordance 
with business requirements); (b) as already agreed, disclosed and/or publicly 
announced by the Target Company; (c) on account of regulatory approvals or 
conditions, or as required in compliance with any law that is or becomes binding 
on or applicable to the operations of the Target Company; (d) to the extent required 
for the purpose of restructuring and/or rationalisation of the business, assets, 
investments, liabilities or otherwise of the Target Company, to improve operational 
efficiencies and for other commercial reasons; or (e) in accordance with the prior 
decisio n of the Board.  If the Acquirer or the PAC intend to alienate, dispose -off or 
otherwise encumber any material asset of the Target Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, through sale, lease, encumbrance, reconstruction, restructuring or 
otherwise within a peri od of 2 (two) years from the date of completion of the Open 
Offer, a special resolution of the shareholders of the Target Company, in 
accordance with the proviso to Regulation  25(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
would be taken before undertaking any such alienation, disposal or encumbrance 
of any such material assets.  
 
3. The Acquirer and the PAC reserve the right to streamline / restructure their holding 
in the Target Company and / or the operations, assets, liabilities and / or 
businesses of the Target Company through arrangements, reconstructions, 
restructurings, buybacks, mergers, demergers, d elisting of the Equity Shares from 
the Stock Exchanges, sale of assets or undertakings and / or renegotiation or 
termination of existing contractual / operating arrangements, at any time after the 
date of this DLoF, post -acquisition  of control over the Target Company by the 
Acquirer and PAC in accordance with applicable laws. The Board will take 
decisions on such matters in accordance with the requirements of the business of 
the Target Company, subject to and in accordance with appli cable law.  
 
4. The Acquirer and PAC have not formulated any proposal as on the date of this 
DLoF  which may have an adverse material impact on employees and location of 
place of business of the Target Company.  
 
IV. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC  
 
A. ACQUIRER – Avenir Investment RSC Ltd   
 
1. Acquirer  is a restricted scope company, incorporated on March  29, 2023, under 
the laws of the United Arab Emirates (company registration number: 000009644). 
The name of the Acquirer has not changed since its incorporation.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 34 
 2. The registered office of the Acquirer is at Office 3701 & 3712, Floor 37, Addax Port 
Office Tower, Tamouh, Al Reem Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.  
 
3. The principal activity of the Acquirer is holding ownership of equity and non -equity 
assets, real property and intellectual property.  
 
4. The issued and paid -up share capital of the Acquirer as on the date of this DLoF  
is USD  50,000 (United States Dollars fifty thousand), comprising 50,000 (fifty 
thousand) ordinary fully paid -up shares of USD  1 (United States Dollar one) 
each.  International Financial Assets Holding RSC LTD holds 100% ( one hundred 
percent) of the share capital of the Acquirer.  The PAC holds 95% (ninety five 
percent) of International Financial Assets Holding RSC LTD.  The Acquirer is thus 
owned and controlled by the PAC . The Acquirer is a part of the International 
Holding Company PJSC group.  
 
5. The shareholding pattern of the Acquirer as on the date of this DLoF is as set out 
below:  
 
S. 
No. Shareholder 's Category  Number of shares  % of shares 
held   
1 Promoter*  50,000  100 
Total paid -up capital  50,000  100 
* International Financial Assets Holding RSC LTD is the sole shareholder of the 
Acquirer   
 
6. Save and except for the PAC, no other person is acting in concert with the Acquirer 
for the purposes of the Open  Offer . 
 
7. Neither the Acquirer nor any securities issued by it are listed on any stock 
exchange in India or offshore.  
 
8. The details of the directors on the board of directors of the Acquirer as on the date 
of this DLoF are provided below :   
 
NAME  DIRECTOR 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER  DATE OF 
APPOINTMENT  QUALIFICATIONS 
& EXPERIENCE  
    
Mr. Syed 
Basar Shueb  N/A March 29, 2023  Qualification: 
Bachelor 's degree 
in Computer 
Engineering from 
Near East 
University, Nicosia, 
Turkish Republic of 
Northern Cyprus.  
 
Experience: 
Managing Director 
of the International 
Holding Company 
PJSC group from 
2019.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 35 
  
9. As on the date of this DLoF , there are no common directors on the Board and the 
board of directors of the Acquirer.  
 
10. As on the date of this DLoF , the Acquirer , its directors or key employees do not 
have any interest in the Target  Company, except for the Underlying Transaction, 
as detailed in Part  II (Background to the Open Offer), that has triggered the 
Open  Offer.  
 
11. As on the date of this DLoF , the Acquirer does not hold any Equity  Shares or voting 
rights in the Target  Company. The Acquirer has not acquired any Equity  Shares 
during the period between the date of the PA, i.e., October  02, 2025 and the date 
of this DLoF . 
 
12. As on the date of this DLoF , the Acquirer is not prohibited by SEBI from dealing in 
securities in terms of directions issued by SEBI under Section  11B of the SEBI Act 
or any other regulations made thereunder.  
 
13. In terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, neither the 
Acquirer nor its directors, promoters or key managerial employees are categorized 
as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in 
accordance wi th the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI.  
 
14. In terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, neither the 
Acquirer nor its directors or key managerial employees are categorized/declared 
as a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic 
Offenders Act, 2018.  
 
15. The key financial information of the Acquirer based on its (A) audited standalone 
financial statements as of and for the period from March  29, 2023 (date of 
incorporation) to December  31, 2023; (B) audited standalone financial statements 
as of and for the financial year ended December  31, 2024; and (C) interim 
condensed unaudited standalone financial statements as of and for the six month 
period ended June 30, 2025, is set out in  Annex II.  
 
16. The Acquirer is a restricted scope company incorporated in the United Arab 
Emirates. It is statutorily exempt from any requirement to have its interim financial 
statements for the six -month period ended June 30, 2025, or any other period 
subject to audit or subject to review by an auditor  based on the statutory exemption 
in the ADGM Companies Regulations 2020 (Consolidated Version November 
2024) .  
 
17. As of the date of this Draft Letter of Offer, the Acquirer has no major contingent 
liabilities.  
 
B. PAC – IHC Capital Holding LLC   
 
1. PAC is a limited liability company , incorporated on September  19, 2019 , under 
the laws of the United Arab Emirates (company registration number: 101 -2021 -
100029527). The name of the PAC has not changed since its incorporation.  
 
2. The PAC has its registered office at PO Box 32619, 2nd floor Royal Group 
building, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 36 
  
3. The principal activity of the PAC is commercial enterprises investments, 
institution and management.  
 
4. The issued and paid -up share capital of the PAC as on the date of this DLoF  is 
AED 300,000 (United Arab Emirates Dirhams three hundred thousand) 
comprising 30,000 (thirty thousand) ordinary fully paid -up shares of AED 10 
(United Arab Emirates Dirhams ten) each. The PAC is indirectly owned and 
controlled by International Holding C ompany PJSC, a company incorporated 
under the laws of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates and listed on Abu Dhabi 
Stock Exchange. The PAC is a part of the International Holding Company PJSC 
group. The Acquirer is owned and controlled by the PAC.  
 
5. The shareholding pattern of the PAC as on the date of this DLoF is as set out 
below :  
 
S. 
No. Shareholder's category  Number of shares  % of shares 
held   
1 Promoter*  29,997  99.99%  
2 Group Company**  3 0.01%  
Total paid -up capital  30,000  100%  
* IHC Companies Management LLC holds 29,997 shares of the PAC.  
** IHC Holding RSC Limited, which is part of the International Holding Company PJSC 
group holds 3 shares of the PAC.  
 
6. Neither the PAC nor any securities issued by it are listed on any stock exchange 
in India or offshore.  
 
7. As of the date of this DLoF , the PAC does not have any directors.  The manager 
of the PAC is not a director  on the Board.  
 
8. As of the date of this DLoF , the PAC, its manager or key employees do not have 
any interest in the Target Company, except for the Underlying Transaction, as 
detailed in Part II of this DLoF  (Background to the Open Offer) below, that has 
triggered the Open Offer.  
 
9. The details of the manager of the PAC as on the date of this DLoF are provided  
below:   
 
NAME  DIRECTOR 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER  DATE OF 
APPOINTMENT  QUALIFICATIONS 
& EXPERIENCE  
    
Mr. Syed 
Basar Shueb  N/A September  19, 
2019  Qualification: 
Bachelor 's degree 
in Computer 
Engineering from 
Near East 
University, Nicosia, 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 37 
 NAME  DIRECTOR 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER  DATE OF 
APPOINTMENT  QUALIFICATIONS 
& EXPERIENCE  
Turkish Republic of 
Northern Cyprus.  
 
Experience: 
Managing Director 
of the International 
Holding Company 
PJSC group from 
2019.  
 
 
10. The PAC has provided the Acquirer with a credit facility, wherein the PAC has 
undertaken to provide the Acquirer  with the necessary finances to pay the total 
consideration payable to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares have 
been accepted in the Open Offer.  
 
11. As of the date of this DLoF , the PAC does not hold any Equity Shares or voting 
rights in the Target Company. The PAC has not acquired any Equity Shares 
during the period between the date of the PA , i.e., October 02, 2025 and the date 
of thi s DLoF . The PAC is a person acting in concert with the Acquirer for the 
limited purpose of financing the Acquirer's acquisition of securities of the Target 
Company.  
 
12. As of the date of this DLoF , the PAC has not been prohibited by SEBI, from 
dealing in securities, in terms of directions issued by SEBI under Section 11B of 
the SEBI Act or any other regulations made thereunder.  
 
13. In terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, neither the PAC 
nor its manager , promoters or key managerial employees are categori sed as a 
wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in 
accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI.  
 
14. In terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, neither the PAC 
nor its manager  or key managerial employees are categorized/declared as a 
fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders 
Act, 2018.  
 
15. As of the date of this Draft Letter of Offer, the PAC has no major contingent 
liabilities.  
 
16. The key financial information of the PAC based on (A) its audited consolidated 
financial statements prepared as of and for the financial years ended December 
31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 respectively; and 
(B) interim condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the six month period ended June 30, 2025 is as follows is as set out in Annex III .  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 38 
 17. The PAC is not under obligation to have its interim financial statements for the 
six-month period ended June 30, 2025, audited or reviewed by an audito r as per  
its memorandum of association and the Federal Decree Law No. (32) of 2021 
on Commercial Companies applicable in the United Arab Emirates . 
 
V. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY   
 
1. The Target Company is a public limited company having corporate identification number 
L65922DL2005PLC136029 .  The Target Company was incorporated on May  10, 2005 
under the name Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited  which was subsequently changed to 
its current name Sammaan Capital Limited on July  02, 2024.   
 
2. The Target Company has its registered office at A -34, 2nd & 3rd floor, Lajpat Nagar -II, 
Lajpat Nagar (South Delhi) 110024, New Delhi, India.   Its contact details are as follows: 
(email:  homeloans@sammaancapital.com ; and telephone:  +91 124 604 8213.) . The 
website of the Target Company is https://www.sammaancapital.com/ . 
 
3. The Target Company is in the business of a non -deposit taking non -banking financial 
company, providing diverse array of products either by the Target Company itself or through 
its Subsidiaries, including without limitation, the extension of retail loans to  individuals for 
construction, purchase, or renovation of residential or commercial property; wholesale 
loans to corporates for construction of residential or commercial projects; loans to 
individuals, MSMEs, and corporates for business purposes; lease ren tal discounting 
facilities; as well as investments, financing, asset management services, distribution of 
insurance products and such other lending or allied financial activities, business of lending/ 
investments directly / indirectly through different typ e of structures including the purchase 
and sale of loans, investments, and properties, and all other activities as may be permitted 
or regulated by the RBI or other applicable regulatory authorities from time to time.  
 
4. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on the BSE (Scrip ID for fully paid -up 
Equity Shares: SAMMAANCAP; Scrip Code for fully paid -up Equity Shares: 535789; and 
Scrip Code for Partly Paid Equity Shares: 890192) and NSE (Symbol for fully paid -up 
Equity Shares: SAMMAANCAP; and Symbol for Partly Paid Equity Shares: SCLPP).   The 
ISIN of the Target Company is INE148I01020 (for fully paid -up Equity Shares) and 
IN9148I01010 (for Partly Paid Equity Shares).   
 
5. All equity shares of the Target Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges and there are 
no Equity Shares of the Target Company that are not listed on the Stock Exchanges . 
 
6. No Equity Shares have been suspended from trading by any of the Stock Exchanges . The 
trading of Partly Paid Equity Shares  of the Target Company issued under ISIN 
IN9148I01010 pursuant to rights issue approved by the Board on January 17, 2024 was 
suspended by the Stock Exchanges on July 19, 2024, with effect from July 22, 2024 post 
the final call for capital on such Partly Paid Equity Shares  of INR 100 per share approved 
by the Board on July 15, 2024 . 
 
7. Other than the Party Paid Equity Shares, there are no E quity Shares of the Target Company 
with differential voting rights . 
 
8. There are no Equity Shares of the Target Company against which depository receipts are 
issued . 
 
9. The non -convertible debentures of the Target Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges . 
The foreign currency convertible bonds of the Target Company are listed on the Singapore 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 39 
 Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX), and the senior secured social bonds are listed 
on the India International Exchange IFSC Limited (INX).  
 
10. Based on the information available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges , the Equity 
Shares of the Target Company are frequently traded in terms of Regulation  2(1)(j) of the 
SEBI SAST Regulations.  
 
11. As of the date of this DLoF , the authorised share capital of the Target Company is 
INR 1,600,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees one thousand six hundred crore), comprising 
300,00,00,000 (three hundred crore) Equity Shares and 100,00,00,000 (one hundred 
crore) preference shares of face value I NR 10 (Indian Rupees ten) each.  
 
12. As of the date of this DLoF , the subscribed and fully paid -up equity share capital of the 
Target Company is INR  165,67,39,860 (Indian Rupees one hundred sixty five crore sixty 
seven lakh thirty nine thousand eight hundred and sixty) comprising 82,83,69,930 (eighty 
two crore eighty t hree lakh sixty nine thousand nine hundred and thirty) fully paid -up Equity 
Shares of INR  2 (Indian Rupees two) each.  
 
13. As of the date of this DLoF , the Target Company has issued 30,13,213 (thirty lakh thirteen 
thousand two hundred and thirteen) Partly Paid Equity Shares of face value INR  2 (Indian 
Rupees two) with INR  0.67 (Indian Rupee zero and sixty seven paise) per Equity Share 
paid-up and INR  1.33 (Indian Rupee one and thirty three paise) per Equity Share remaining 
unpaid.  
 
14. The share capital structure of the Target Company is as follows:   
 
Paid up Equity Shares of 
the Target Company  No. of shares/voting 
rights  % of shares/voting rights  
Fully paid up Equity 
Shares  82,83,69,930  99.88 % 
Partly Paid Equity Shares  30,13,213  0.12% 
Total paid up Equity 
Shares  83,13,83,143  100%  
Total voting rights in the 
Target Company  83,13,83,143  100%  
 
15. As on the date of this DLoF , the Target Company has foreign currency convertible bonds 
(convertible into 2,55,711 (two lakh fifty five thousand seven hundred and eleven) 
underlying shares and outstanding amount USD  800,000 (United States Dollars eight 
hundred thousand) ) and 7,59,07,629 (seven crore fifty nine lakh seven thousand six 
hundred and twenty nine) employee stock options that have been granted by the Target 
Company  of which 6,59,07,629 (six crore fifty nine lakh seven thousand six hundred and 
twenty nine) employe e stock options m ay vest or be exercised till December 31, 2026 .  
 
16. As on date of this DLoF , the Expanded Voting Share Capital of the Target Company is as 
follows:  
 
Particulars  Issued and Paid -Up Shares  % of Expanded Voting 
Share Capital  
Fully paid -up Equity Shares 
of the Target Company  82,83,69,930  63.02%  
Partly Paid Equity Shares  30,13,213  0.23%  
Equity Shares to be allocated 
by the Target Company to 33,00,00,111  25.11%  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 40 
 Particulars  Issued and Paid -Up Shares  % of Expanded Voting 
Share Capital  
the Acquirer in terms of the 
SSA 
Tranche I Warrants in terms 
of the SSA  8,68,92,966  6.61%  
Equity shares corresponding 
to 2,55,711 foreign currency 
convertible bonds 
(outstanding amount USD 
800,000)  2,55,711  0.02%  
Employee stock options 
which may vest or be 
exercised till December 31, 
2026  6,59,07,629  5.01%  
Expanded Voting Share 
Capital (Total)  1,31,44,39,560  100.00%  
  
17. The key financial information of the Target  Company based on its (A) audited consolidated 
financials as of and for the financial years ended March  31, 2023, March  31, 2024 and 
March  31, 2025 respectively and (B) unaudited and limited review consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the three month period ended June 30, 2025  is set out in Annex  IV. 
 
18. The details of the directors on the board of directors of the Target Company  as on the date 
of this DLoF are provided below:   
 
NAME  DESIGNATION  DIRECTOR 
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER  DATE OF 
APPOINTMENT 
(ORIGINAL)  
Subhash 
Sheoratan 
Mundra  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director, 
Chairperson  00979731  August 18, 2018  
Gagan Banga  Managing Director & 
CEO  00010894  May 10, 2005  
Sachin 
Chaudhary  Executive Director & 
COO  02016992  October 21, 2016  
Achuthan 
Siddharth  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  00016278  July 3, 2020  
Dinabandhu 
Mohapatra  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  07488705  November 3, 2020  
Rajiv Gupta  Non-Executive - 
Nominee Director  
(Nominee of LIC)  08532421  July 28, 2023  
Shefali Shah  Non-Executive - 
Independent Director  09731801  November 14, 2023  
 
19. As on the date of this DLoF, there are no directors on the Board representing the Acquirer 
and/or PAC.   
 
20. Except as set out below, the Target Company has not undertaken any activities with respect 
to a merger/demerger and spin off  which is currently outstanding -  
 
The Target Company and its six wholly owned subsidiary companies, namely Sammaan 
Collection Agency Limited ( formerly known as Indiabulls Collection Agency Limited ), 
Sammaan Sales Limited ( formerly known as Ibulls Sales Limited ), Sammaan Insurance 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 41 
 Advisors Limited ( formerly known as Indiabulls Insurance Advisors Limited ), Sammaan 
Investmart Services Limited ( formerly known as Nilgiri Investmart Services Limited ), 
Indiabulls Capital Services Limited and Sammaan Advisory Services Limited ( formerly 
known as Indiabulls Advisory Services Limited ) (collectively, the "Transferor Companies ") 
have filed a first motion application dated September 16, 2024 (the "Application ") with 
National Companies Law Tribunal, New Delhi (the "NCLT Delhi "), for merger of the 
Transferor Companies with the Target Company. The NCLT Delhi vide its orders dated 
January 27, 2025 and April 1, 2025 has allowed the Application. The Target Company had 
convened the meetings of its equity shareholders and secured and unsecured creditors o n 
June 10, 2025 and the scheme of arrangement was approved with requisite majority. The 
Target Company had on June 21, 2025 filed second motion application with the NCLT, 
Delhi. Pursuant to the order dated July 9, 2025, the Target Company has carried out a  
publication of the notice of the second motion to the specified authorities, by all prescribed 
modes, and also in two widely circulated newspapers, i.e., Business Standard (English) 
and Business Standard (Hindi). The matter is currently pending before the  NCLT Delhi.  
 
21. The shareholding pattern of the Target Company pre -Open Offer (as on September 30 , 
2025) and post -Open Offer is as set out in Annex V . 
 
22. As on date, the Target Company is in compliance with the various applicable provisions of 
the listing agreement as well as the SEBI (LODR) Regulations . The Stock Exchanges have 
not taken any punitive action against the Target Company, and there have been no 
penalties levied by SEBI or the Stock Exchanges on the Target Company, in the current 
financial year (i.e. from April 1, 2025 to the date of this Draft  Letter of Offer) and during the 
last 8 (eight) financial years (i.e ., from the commencement of the financial  year ended 
March 31, 20 18 to the end of financial year ended March 31, 20 25), except as listed below : 
 
(a) During the financial year ended March  31, 2022  NSE and BSE each imposed a 
penalty of INR 27,140 on t he Target Company for contravention of Regulation 54(2) 
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations f or non-disclosure in the financial statements for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021, regarding  the extent and 
nature of security created and maintained with respect to secured listed non -
convertible debentures issued by the Target  Company ; 
 
(b) During the financial year ended March  31, 2022 , SEBI issued a warning letter to 
the Target Company for non-disclosure of schedule of earnings call on August 21, 
2020 on the Target Company 's website and to the Stock Exchanges under 
Regulations 46(2)(o) and 30(2) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. The Target 
Company has complied with the directions issued under s uch warning  letter and 
no fine has been levied on the Target Company in relation thereto ; 
 
(c) During the financial year ended March  31, 2022  SEBI issued a warning letter to the 
Target Company for non -compliance with Regulations 23(2), 23(3)  and 46(2) of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations in respect of (i) the Target Company 's related party 
transaction policy not being in accordance with Regulations 23(2) and 23(3) of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations till April 24, 2019; and (ii) the Target Company having 
made inadequate disclosures on its website regarding the directors ' familiarization 
programmes. The Target Company has complied with the directions issued under 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 42 
 such warning  letter and no fine has been levied on the Target Company in relation 
thereto ; 
 
(d) During the financial year ended March  31, 2023 , BSE imposed a penalty of INR 
35,400 on the Target Company for contravention of Regulation 13(1) of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations on account of delay of 30 (thirty) days in resolving an investor 
complaint;  
 
(e) During the financial year ended March  31, 2024 , NSE and BSE each imposed a 
penalty of INR 3,540 on the Target Company for contravention of the 
requirements under Regulation s 52(7) and (7A) of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations to submit to the Stock Exchanges  along with the quarterly financial 
results, a statement indicating the utilisation of the issue proceeds of non -
convertible securities (disclosing material deviation(s) (if any) in the use of issue 
proceeds from the objects of the issue), till such proceeds of issue have been fully 
utilised or the purpose for which the procee ds were raised has been achieved ; 
 
(f) During the financial year ended March  31, 2024 , NSE imposed a penalty of INR 
10,000 for contravention of the requirement under Regulation 60(2) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations to give notice in advance of at least three working days 
(excluding the date of intimation and the record date) to the recognised stock 
exchange(s) of the record date ; and  
 
(g) During the financial year ended March  31, 2024 , SEBI issued a notice to the Target 
Company regarding certain additional interest payments made to holders of non -
convertible debentures issued by the Target Company in accordance with the terms 
stipulated under certain public issuances of debentures betw een August 9, 2021 
and November 30, 2023. SEBI subsequently issued a summary settlement notice 
dated June 14, 2024 under the SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018. 
The Target Company filed a settlemen t application dated July 11, 2024 and paid a 
settlement amount of INR 7,65,000. SEBI vide its email dated October 9, 2025 has 
informed the Target Company that the summary settlement application cannot be 
processed under the summary settlement process and the settlement notice stands 
withdrawn, with the settlement amount and accrued interest to be refunded. The 
Target Company is in the process of fil ing a voluntary settlement application under 
Regulation 3 of the SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 20 18. 
 
The Target Company has paid the abovementioned penalties (where required) and there 
are no outstanding dues to the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Stock 
Exchanges or the depositories  in relation thereto . 
 
VI. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS  
 
A. Justification of Offer Price  
1. The Offer Price is INR 139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty -nine)  per Equity 
Share . 
 
2. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on the Stock Exchanges.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 43 
  
3. The trading turnover in the Equity Shares  based on the trading volumes during the 
12 (twelve) calendar months prior to October 2025 (being the month in which the 
PA was made) ( "Relevant Period ") on the Stock Exchanges is as given below:   
 
Stock 
Exchange  Total No. of Equity 
Shares  of the Target 
Company traded 
during the Relevant 
Period ( "A") Total No. of Equity 
Shares of the Target 
Company during the 
Relevant Period ( "B") 
(Refer Note below ) Trading turnover 
percentage  
(A/B)  
    
BSE 16,50,71,137  83,13,83,143  19.86%  
    
NSE 2,66,56,92,416  83,13,83,143  320.63%  
    
 
Note : In light of the changes in the total number of Equity Shares during the Relevant Period, 
on a conservative basis, the total number of issued and subscribed Equity Shares as on 
September 30, 2025  (including Partly Paid Equity Shares) has been considered in determining 
whether the shares of the Target Company are 'frequently traded '. 
 
(Source: Certificate dated October 2, 2025 issued by M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (Membership No. 113458; Firm Registration No. 104767W).  
 
4. Based on the above information, the Equity Shares of the Target Company are 
frequently traded on the Stock  Exchanges, in terms of Regulation  2(1)(j) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   
 
5. The Offer  Price of INR  139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty -nine) per Equity 
Share of the Target Company is justified in terms of Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, being the highest of:  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Price Per  
Equity Share  
(INR)  
   
1.  The highest negotiated price per Equity Share of the Target 
Company for any acquisition under the agreement attracting 
the obligation to make a PA of the Open Offer i.e. the price per 
Equity Share under the SSA.  INR 139 
(Indian Rupees 
one hundred 
and thirty -nine) 
(1) 
   
2.  The volume weighted average price paid or payable per Equity 
Share for acquisitions by the Acquirer and/or the PAC during 
the 52 ( fifty-two) weeks immediately preceding the date of the 
PA. Not applicable.  
   
3.  The highest price per Equity Share of the Target Company paid 
or payable for any acquisition by the Acquirer or the PAC Not applicable.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 44 
 Sr. 
No. Particulars  Price Per  
Equity Share  
(INR)  
during the 26 ( twenty -six) weeks immediately preceding the 
date of the PA.  
   
4.  The volume -weighted average market price of Equity Shares 
for a period of 60 ( sixty) trading days immediately preceding 
the date of the PA as traded on the stock exchange where the 
maximum volume of trading in the Equity Shares of the Target 
Company were recorded during the relevant period and such 
shares being frequently traded.  INR 138.23 
(Indian Rupees 
one hundred 
and thirty eight 
and twenty 
three paise)(2) 
   
5.  Where the shares are not frequently traded, the price 
determined by the Acquirer and the Manager to the Offer 
taking into account valuation parameters including, book 
value, comparable trading multiples, and such other 
parameters as are customary for valua tion of shares of such 
companies.  Not applicable.  
   
6.  The per equity share value computed under Regulation  8(5) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if applicable.  Not applicable.  
 
 
Notes :  
 
(1) The negotiated price per share of the Target Company under the SSA for the Underlying 
Transaction . 
(2) Pursuant to the certificate dated October 2, 2025 issued by M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104767W ), the Equity Shares of the Target 
Company were certified to be "frequently traded shares " as per regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. The maximum volume of trading of Equity Shares of the Target Company 
during such period was on the NSE.  
 
6. In view of the parameters considered and presented in the table above, the 
Offer  Price per Equity Share, under Regulation  8(2) read with other applicable 
regulations of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, is the highest of above parameters, 
i.e., INR  139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and thirty -nine) per Equity 
Share.  Accordingly, the Offer  Price is justified in terms of the SEBI 
(SAST)  Regulations.  
 
7. Based on the confirmation provided by Target Company, there have been no 
corporate actions by the Target  Company warranting adjustment of the relevant 
price parameters under Regulation  8(9) of the SEBI (SAST)  Regulations.  
 
8. The Offer  Price may be adjusted by the Acquirer and/or the PAC, in consultation 
with the Manager to the Offer, in the event of any corporate action(s) such as 
issuances pursuant to rights issue, bonus issue, stock consolidations, stock splits, 
payment of d ividend, de -mergers, reduction of capital, etc., where the record date 
for effecting such corporate action(s) falls prior to the 3rd (third) Working Day prior 
to the commencement of the Tendering  Period, in accordance with Regulation  8(9) 
of the SEBI (SAST ) Regulations.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 45 
  
9. As on the date of this DLoF , there is no revision in the Offer  Price or size of the 
Open Offer.   In case of any revision in the Offer  Price or size of the Open Offer, the 
Acquirer and the PAC shall comply with applicable provisions of Regulation  18 of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and  any other provisions of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations which are required to be fulfilled for the said revision in the Offer  Price 
or size of the Open  Offer.  
 
10. In terms of Regulations  18(4) and 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer and/or the PAC may revise the Offer  Price or the size of the Open  Offer 
at any time prior to commencement of the last 1 (one) Working Day before the 
commencement of the Te ndering  Period.   In the event of such revisions, the 
Acquirer and the PAC shall: (i) make corresponding increase to the escrow amount 
as set out in Part V ( Financial Arrangements ) of this DLoF , (ii) make a public 
announcement in the same newspapers in whic h the DPS has been published, 
and (iii) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, 
the Stock Exchanges  and the Target Company at its registered office of such 
revision.   
 
11. Further, in the event of any acquisition of , or any agreement to acquire , Equity 
Shares or voting rights in the Target Company by the Acquirer and/or PAC, during 
the Offer Period , whether by subscription or purchase, at a price higher than the 
Offer Price per Equity Share, the Offer Price will be revised upwards to be equal 
to or more than the highest price paid for such acquisition, in terms of Regulation 
8(8) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. However, the Acquirer and/or PAC shall not 
acquire any Equity Shares after the 3rd (third) Working Day before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period and until the expiry of the Tendering 
Period.   
 
12. The Acquirer and/or the PAC do not intend to acquire any Equity Shares or voting 
rights in the Target Company during the Offer Period, whether by subscription or 
purchase, at a price higher than the Offer Price. If the Acquirer and/or the PAC 
acquire Equity Shares of the Target Company  during the period of 26 (twenty six) 
weeks after the Tendering  Period at a price higher than the Offer  Price per Equity 
Share, then the Acquirer and/or the PAC shall pay the difference between the 
highest acquisition price and the Offer  Price, to all Publ ic Shareholders whose 
Equity Shares have been accepted in the Open Offer within 60 (sixty) days from 
the date of such acquisition.   However, no such difference shall be paid in the event 
that such acquisition is made under another open offer under the SEBI  (SAST) 
Regulations, or pursuant to the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 
2021, as amended, or open market purchases made in the ordinary course on the 
Stock Exchanges, not being a negotiated acquisition of Equity Shares in any form.  
 
13. If the aggregate number of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Open Offer by the 
Public Shareholders, is more than the Offer Size, then the Equity Shares validly 
tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a proportionate basis, in 
consultati on with the Manager to the Offer, subject to a maximum of 34,17,54,286 
(thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two hundred and eighty six) 
Equity Shares, representing 26.00% (twenty six per cent) of the Expanded Voting 
Share Capital.  
 
B. Financial Arrangements  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 46 
 1. The total consideration for the Open Offer, assuming full acceptance is the Open 
Offer Consideration i.e., INR 4 ,750,38,45,754 (Indian Rupees four thousand seven 
hundred fifty crore thirty eight lakh forty five thousand seven hundred and fifty four).   
 
2. The Acquirer has accepted credit facility from PAC, wherein the PAC has 
undertaken to provide the Acquirer with the necessary finances to pay the total 
consideration payable to the selling shareholders of the Target Company in the 
Open Offer.  In terms of Regulation  25(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer has confirmed that it has sufficient means and capability for the purpose 
of fulfilling its obligations under the Open Offer and that it has adequate firm 
arrangements for funds to fulfill the payment obligations under the Open Offer. The 
source of the funds for the Open Offer is foreign . 
 
3. After considering the above,  M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered Accountants  
(Firm Registration No. 104767W) having office at 1007, Raheja Chambers, 213 
Nariman Point, Mumbai, 400021, India; Tel. No.: +91 22 6611 6611 ; Fax No.: +91 
22 6611 6600  by way of certificate dated October 2, 2025, has certified that firm 
financial arrangements through verifiable means have been made by the Acquirer 
for fulfilling its obligations under the Open Offer.   
 
4. In accordance with Regulation  17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer 
has opened an escrow account under the name and title of "Avenir Investment – 
Open Offer Escrow" (the " Escrow Account ") with CITIBANK, N.A, a scheduled 
commercial bank in India, having an office at 09th Floor, First International 
Financial Centre, C -54 & 55, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – East, 
Mumbai – 400 098, India (the " Escrow Agent ") pursuant to an escrow agreement 
dated October  03, 2025 executed between the Manager to the Offer, the Acquirer 
and the Escrow Agent (the " Escrow  Agreement ").  
 
5. By way of security for performance by the Acquirer of its obligations under the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has furnished an unconditional and irrevocable 
bank guarantee dated October 7, 2025  from HDFC Bank Limited, HDFC Bank, 
Fort Branch – 3rd Floor, Maneckji Wadi Bldg Nanik Motwane Marg, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001, India (" Bank Guarantee "), for an amount of INR  551,00,00,000 (Indian 
Rupees five hundred and fifty one crore)  in favour of the Manager to the Offer, 
which is in compliance with the requir ements specified under Regulation 17(1) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (i.e., being in excess of 25.00% (twenty five per cent) 
of the first INR  500,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred Crore) of the Open 
Offer Consideration and 10.00% (ten per cent) of th e remainder of the Open Offer 
Consideration).   The bank issuing the Bank Guarantee is neither an associate 
company nor a group company of the Acquirer, the PAC or the Target 
Company.   The Bank Guarantee is valid up till July 06, 202 6 with an option to 
extend the guarantee, at the request of the Acquirer. The Acquirer is entitled to 
cause HDFC Bank Limited to  extend the validity of the Bank Guarantee till the 
expiry of a period of 30 (thirty) days from the date of completion of payment of 
consideration to al l the Public Shareholders of the Target Company who have 
validly tendered their Equity Shares in the Open Offer, unless the Open Offer is 
validly withdrawn in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
6. Further, in accordance with Regulation 17(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Acquirer has made a cash deposit in the Escrow Account of a sum of 
INR 47,60,00,000 (Indian Rupees forty seven crore and sixty lakh)  on 
October  07, 2025, (" Cash Escrow Amount ") which is more than 1% (one per 
cent) of the Open Offer Consideration required under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. The Manager to the Open  Offer has been duly authorised to reali se 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 47 
 the value of the Cash Escrow Amount and Bank Guarantee in terms of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations.  
 
7. In case of any upward revision in the Offer  Price or the Offer  Size, corresponding 
increase to the Cash Escrow Amount and the Bank Guarantee, collectively, shall 
be made by the Acquirer and the PAC in terms of Regulation 17(2) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulation s, prior to effecting such revision.  
 
8. Based on the above, the Manager to the Open  Offer is satisfied that firm 
arrangements have been put in place by the Acquirer and the PAC to fulfill the 
obligations in relation to the Open Offer through verifiable means in accordance 
with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
VII. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
A. Operational Terms and Conditions  
 
1. The Offer is being made by the Acquirer and PAC to all the Public Shareholders to 
acquire up to 34,17,54,286  (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two 
hundred and eighty six) fully paid -up Equity Shares, constituting up to 26%  (twenty 
six per cent) of the Expanded Voting Share Capital  of the Target Company, subject 
to the terms and conditions mentioned in the PA, the DPS, and as will be set out 
in the LoF  proposed to be issued for the Open Offer in accordance with SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations . 
 
2. The Identified Date for this Open Offer as per the indicative schedule of key 
activities is November 13, 2025, Thursday ( The Identified Date is only for the 
purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to whom the 
Letter of Offer would be sent. It is clarified that subject to  Part C (Statutory and 
Other Approvals ) of Section VII ( Terms and Conditions of the Offer ), all the Public 
Shareholders (registered or unregistered) of the Target Company are eligible to 
participate in the Open Offer at any time on or prior to the Offer Closing Date.) . As 
per the tentative schedule of major activities, the Tendering Period for the Offer 
shall commence on November 27, 2025, Thursday and close on December 10, 
2025, Wednesday  (both days inclusive).  
 
3. The Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares in the Offer at any time 
from the commencement of the Tendering Period but prior to the closure of the 
Tendering Period. The Acquirer has up to 10 (ten) Working Days from the closure 
of the Tendering P eriod to pay the consideration to the Public Shareholders whose 
Equity Shares are accepted in the Offer.  
 
4. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall 
ensure that they have good and valid title to the Offer Shares. The Public 
Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that 
the Offer Shares are  fully paid -up and clear from all liens, charges, equitable 
interests, and encumbrances. The Offer Shares will be acquired, subject to such 
Offer Shares being validly tendered in this Offer, together with all the economic, 
voting and beneficial rights atta ched thereto, including all the rights to dividends, 
bonuses and right offers declared thereof, and the tendering Public Shareholders 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 48 
 shall have obtained all necessary consents required by them to tender the Offer 
Shares.  
 
5. All Public Shareholders, including non -residents holders of Equity Shares, must 
obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including 
without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along 
with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer reserve the right to reject such Equity Shares 
tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the Equity Shares who are not 
persons resident in I ndia (including NRIs,  OCBs  FIIs and FPIs) had required any 
previous approvals (including from the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in 
respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such 
previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, 
to tender the Offer Shares, along with the other documents required to be tendered 
to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer 
and PAC reserve the right to reject such Offer Sha res. 
 
6. Public Shareholders classified as OCB, if any, may tender the Equity Shares held 
by them in the Open Offer pursuant to receipt of approval from the RBI under the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder. Such OCBs  shall approach the RBI independently to seek approval to 
tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer. If the Equity Shares are 
held under general permission of the RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder 
should state that the Equity Shares ar e held under general permission and clarify 
whether the Equity Shares are held on repatriable basis or non -repatriable basis . 
 
7. The Target Company does not have any Equity Shares which are currently locked -
in in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.  
 
8. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms 
of Regulation 19 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
9. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations.  
 
10. The marketable lot for the Equity Shares for the purpose of this Offer shall be 1 
(one) only.  
 
11. In terms of Regulation 18(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Public 
Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in acceptance of this Offer  shall not 
be entitled to withdraw such acceptance during the Tendering Period.  
 
12. The instructions, authorisations and provisions contained in the Off -market Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment ( "Off-Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment ")/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement ( "On 
Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment ") (as applicable) constitute 
an integral part of the terms and conditions of this Open Offer. The Public 
Shareholders can write to the Registrar to the Offer/Manager to the Offer 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 49 
 requesting for the Letter of Offer along with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgement/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement  (as applicable). Alternatively, the Letter of Offer along with the 
Off-Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/On Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is also expected to be available at SEBI 's 
website, www.sebi.gov.in, and the Public Shareholders can also apply by 
downloading such forms from the website.  
 
13. Public Shareholders to whom the Offer is being made are free to tender their 
shareholding in the Target Company in whole or in part while accepting the Offer.  
The acceptance of this Offer by Public Shareholders must be unconditional and 
should be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Offer which is 
conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any 
reason whatsoever. Furth er, in case the documents/forms submitted are 
incomplete and/or if they have any defect or modifi cations, the acceptance is liable 
to be rejected.  
 
14. Any Equity Shares that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due 
to pending court cases/attachment orders/restriction from other statutory 
authorities wherein the Public Shareholder may be precluded from transferring the 
Equity Shares du ring pendency of the said litigation, are liable to be rejected unless 
directions/orders are passed regarding the free transferability of such Equity 
Shares tendered under the Offer prior to the date of closure of the Tendering 
Period.  
 
15. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Letter 
of Offer will constitute a binding agreement between the Acquirer and the tendering 
holder, including the tendering holder 's acceptance of the terms and conditions of 
the Letter of Offer.  
 
16. There has been no revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size as of the date of this 
DLoF. The Acquirer and PAC reserve the right to revise the Offer Price and/or the 
Offer Size upwards at any time prior to the commencement of 1 (one) Working Day 
prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance with the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 18(5) of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer and the PAC shall (i) make a 
corresponding increase to the escr ow amount, (ii) make a public announcement in 
the same newspapers in which the DPS was published, and (iii) simultaneously 
notify Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office. In 
case of any revision of the Offer Price, the Acquire r / PAC would pay such revised 
price for all the Equity Shares validly tendered at any time during the Open Offer 
and accepted under the Open Offer in accordance with the terms of the LOF.  
 
17. The Acquirer, PAC (including any persons deemed to be acting in concert with the 
Acquirer) and Manager to the Offer shall not be responsible in any manner for any 
loss of documents during transit and the Public Shareholders are advised to 
adequately safeguard their interes ts in this regard.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 50 
 18. Accidental omission to dispatch the Letter of Offer to any Public Shareholder to 
whom this Offer has been made or non -receipt of the Letter of Offer by any such 
Public Shareholder shall not invalidate this Offer in any way.  
 
19. All the Equity Shares validly tendered under this Offer to the extent of the Offer 
Size will be acquired by the Acquirer in accordance with the terms and conditions 
as will be set out in the LoF that is proposed to be issued for the Open Offer in 
accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
 
20. Locked -in Equity Shares: Locked -in Equity Shares held by Public Shareholders, if 
any, may be tendered in the Open Offer and transferred to the Acquirer subject to 
the continuation of the residual lock -in period in the hands of the Acquirer, as may 
be permi tted under applicable law. The Manager  to the Offer  shall ensure that there 
shall be no discrimination in the acceptance of locked -in and non -locked -in Equity 
Shares.  
 
B. Eligibility for accepting the Offer  
 
1. The Letter of Offer (along with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment (as 
applicable)) shall be sent to the Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares whose 
names appear in the beneficial record s of the respective Depositories on the 
Identified Date i.e. November 13, 2025, Thursday . However, all Public 
Shareholders, registered or unregistered, who own Equity Shares and are able to 
tender such Equity Shares in this Offer at any time before the clo sure of the 
Tendering Period are eligible to participate in this Offer.  
 
2. Accidental omission to dispatch the L oF to any person to whom the Offer is made 
or the non -receipt or delayed receipt of the L oF by any such person will not 
invalidate the Offer in any way.  
 
3. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and 
SEBI 's press release dated December 03, 2018, bearing reference no. PR 
49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the 
securities are held in dematerialised form with a depository with effect from April 
01, 2019. However, in accor dance with Chapter 7 of the Master Circular, 
shareholders holding securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an 
open offer. Such tendering shall be as per th e provisions of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the 
provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The procedure for tende ring to be 
followed by the eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical 
form is detailed in Paragraph  11 of Section VIII ( Procedure for Acceptance and 
Settlement of the Offer ) below.  
 
4. All Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, who own Equity Shares and 
are able to tender such Equity Shares in this Offer at any time before the closure 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 51 
 of the Tendering Period are eligible (subject to Section VII (Terms and Conditions 
of the Offer) below) to participate in this Offer.  
 
5. Persons who have acquired Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the 
register of members of the Target Company on the Identified Date i.e., the date 
falling on the 10th (tenth) Working Day prior to the commencement of Tendering 
Period, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after 
the Identified Date, or those who have not received the Letter of Offer, may also 
particip ate in this Open Offer . 
 
6. The PA and the DPS are available  and this DLoF,  the LoF , that is proposed to be 
issued for the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations), along 
with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance  cum-Acknowledgement/ On Market Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (as applicable) are expected to be 
available on SEBI 's website (www.sebi.gov.in). In case of non -receipt of the Letter 
of Offer, Public Shareholders, including those who have acquired Equity Shares 
after the Identified Date, if they so desire , may download the Letter of Offer and 
the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/ On Market Form of 
Acceptance  cum- Acknowledgement (as applicable) from SEBI 's website . 
 
7. In the event any change or modification is made to the Off -Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/ On Market Form of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgement (as applicable) or if any condition is inserted therein by the 
eligible Public Shareholder, then the Manager to the Offer, the Acquirer and/or the 
PAC may reject the acceptance of this Offer by such eligible Public Shareholder  
 
8. The acceptance of this Offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public Shareholders. 
By accepting this Offer, the eligible Public Shareholders  confirm that they are not 
persons acting in concert with the Acquirer and/or the PAC for the purpose of this 
Offer.  
 
9. In the event the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public 
Shareholders under this Offer is more than the Offer Size, then the Offer Shares 
validly tendered by the Public Shareholders will be accepted on a proportionate 
basis, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer subject to acquisition of a 
maximum of 34,17,54,286 (thirty four crore seventeen lakh fifty four thousand two 
hundred and eighty six) Equity Shares, representing 26.00% (twenty six per cent) 
of the Expanded Voting Share Capita l. 
 
10. The instructions, authorizations and provisions contained in the Off -Market Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/ On Market Form of Acceptance -cum- 
Acknowledgement (as applicable) constitute part of the terms of the Offer.  
 
11. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be made by the Acquirer 
and PAC in consultation with the Manager to the Offer.  
 
12. For any assistance, please contact the Manager to the Offer or the Registrar to the 
Offer.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 52 
  
C. Statutory And Other Approvals  
 
1. To the best of the knowledge of the Acquirer and the PAC, there are no statutory 
or regulatory approvals required to complete the Underlying Transaction and/or the 
Open  Offer as on the date of this DLoF , except as set out below. The 
consummation of the Underlying Transaction and completion of the Open Offer is 
subject to receipt of all applicable regulatory/ statutory approvals, including the 
Required Statutory Approvals set out below:  
 
(a) The Target Company and Sammaan Finserve Limited having received the 
applicable RBI Approvals;  
(b) SAML having received the SEBI Approvals;  
(c) The Acquirer having received the CCI Approval; and  
(d) The Target Company having received the SE In -principle Approval.  
2. The necessary applications for these regulatory / statutory approvals shall be 
made in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.   
 
3. In case of any further statutory approvals being required by the Acquirer and / or 
the PAC, at a later date, the Open Offer shall be subject to such statutory approvals 
and the Acquirer and / or the PAC shall make the necessary applications for such 
statutory approvals.  
 
4. In addition to the above Required Statutory Approvals, the consummation of the 
Underlying Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of conditions set out in the 
SSA including the Key Conditions Precedent . 
 
5. In case of delay/ non receipt of any statutory approvals which may be required by 
the Acquirer, as per Regulation  18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, SEBI may, 
if satisfied, that non -receipt of approvals was not attributable to any willful default, 
failure or neglect on the part of the Acquirer to diligently pursue such approvals, 
grant an extension of time for making payment of the consideration to the Public 
Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted in the Open Offer, subject 
to the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest to such Public Shareholders at such rate 
as may be specified by SEBI.    
 
6. The Open Offer is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the PA , DPS  
and as will be set out in the Letter of Offer  that is proposed  to be issued for the 
Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   Where any statutory 
or other approval extends to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the 
Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders i n 
respect of whom no statutory or other approvals are required in order to complete 
the Open Offer.  
 
7. All Public Shareholders (including residents, NRIs , OCBs  or non -resident 
shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, to tender the 
Offer  Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) held by them 
in the Open  Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents 
required to accept the Open Offer.   In the event such approvals are not submitted, 
the Acquirer reserves the right to reject suc h Equity Shares tendered in the 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 53 
 Open  Offer.   Further, if Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India 
(including NRIs , OCBs, FIIs or FPIs ) had required any approvals (including from 
the RBI, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, 
they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have 
obtained for acquiring/holding the Equity Shares , in order to tender the Equity 
Shares held by them in the Open Offer, along with the other documents required 
to be tendered to accept th e Open  Offer.   In the event such approvals are not 
submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in 
the Open Offer.    
 
8. In terms of Regulation  23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in the event that the 
Required Statutory Approvals, or any statutory approvals which become applicable 
prior to completion of the Open  Offer, are not received or are finally refused or are 
not sa tisfied in accordance with the SSA for reasons outside the reasonable control 
of Acquirer ; or if any Key Conditions Precedent are not satisfied in accordance with 
the SSA or if  the Acquirer terminates the SSA in terms of Paragraph I II(A)(5)(i)(iv)  
above , each for reasons outside the reasonable control of Acquirer, and in each of 
the foregoing case the Acquirer terminates the SSA ; then the Acquirer and the PAC 
may withdraw the Open Offer in terms of Regulation  23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
9. In the event of withdrawal of the Open Offer, a public announcement stating the 
grounds and reasons for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations will be made within 2 (two) Working Days of such 
withdrawal, in the sa me newspapers in which th e DPS has been published and 
such public announcement will also be sent to the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the 
Target Company at its registered office.   Subject to the receipt of the statutory and 
other approvals (including Required Statutory Approvals) as set out in the SSA, 
the Acquirer and the PAC shall complete all the procedures relating to payment of 
consideration under the Open Offer within 10 ( ten) Working Days from the 
Offer  Closing  Date (as defined below) to those Public Shareholders whose Equity 
Shares are accepted in the Open Offer and  whose share certificates (if applicable) 
or other documents are found valid and in order and are approved for acquisition 
by the Acquirer.  
 
VIII. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER   
 
1. All Public Shareholders , registered or unregistered, holding Equity Shares in 
dematerialized form or physical form, are eligible to participate in this Offer at any time 
during the Tendering Period, i.e., the period from Offer Opening Date to Offer Closing Date.  
 
2. A tender of Equity Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Letter of Offer 
will constitute a binding agreement between the Acquirer and the tendering holder, 
including the tendering holder 's acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Letter of 
Offer.  
 
3. The Open Offer is made to the Public Shareholders as defined in this Draft Letter of Offer. 
While the Letter of Offer shall be dispatched to the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company whose name appears in the register of members of the Target Company a nd the 
records of the Depositories as of the Identified Date, all Public Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares whether in dematerialized form or physical form are eligible to participate in the 
Offer at any time during the Tendering Period.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 54 
 4. The Letter of Offer along with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (as 
applicable), will be emailed/dispatched to all the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company, whose names appear on th e register of members of the Target Company at the 
close of business hours on the Identified Date and in each case, who have registered their 
email ids with the Depositories and/or the Target Company.  
 
5. Accidental omission to send the Letter of Offer to any person to whom the Offer is made or 
the non -receipt or delayed receipt of the Letter of Offer by any such person will not 
invalidate the Offer in any way.  
 
6. The procedure for tendering the Equity Shares in the event the Acquirer and/or PAC 
has not acquired control over the Target Company in accordance with the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period, will be as 
follows:  
 
(a) The Acquirer and PAC are not persons resident in India  under applicable foreign 
exchange control regulations in India. In terms of the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, if the Acquirer does not have control over the Target 
Company at the time of acquiring the Equity Shares tendered by the Public 
Sharehol ders, the Acquirer will not be permitted to acquire the Equity Shares of 
the Target Company on the floor of the recognized stock exchanges in India as per 
applicable foreign exchange control regulations in India (under Indian foreign 
exchange laws, a perso n resident outside India is permitted to purchase the equity 
shares of a listed Indian company on the stock exchange if such person has 
already acquired control of such Indian listed company in accordance with the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations). Therefore, if th e Acquirer has not yet obtained control 
over the Target Company prior to commencement of the Tendering Period, the 
Acquirer will acquire the Offer Shares in accordance with the 'tender offer method ' 
prescribed by SEBI, in accordance with the Master Circula r. Accordingly, the Public 
Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been validly tendered and accepted will 
be subject to applicable capital gains tax , however, securities transaction tax will 
not be available.  Further, the Acquirer maybe obligated to deduct applicable tax at 
source at appropriate rates as per the Income  Tax Act on payment of consideration 
to the Public Shareholders. The Public Shareholders  are advised to consult their 
respective tax advisors for assessing the tax liability for this Open Offer , or in 
respect of other aspects such as the treatment that may be given by their 
respective assessing officers in their case, as the appropriate course of action that 
they should take.  
 
(b) The Public Shareholders who wish to avail and accept the Offer and tender their 
Equity Shares can send/deliver the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment duly signed along with all the relevant documents (envelope 
should be super -scribed "Sammaan Capital Limited – Open Offer ") at their own 
risk and cost, to the Registrar to the Offer at its address mentioned below in 
accordance with the procedure as set out in the Letter of Offer on or before the 
closure of Tendering Period:  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 55 
 City Mumbai  
Contact person  Ms. Pradnya Karanjekar  
Address  C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, 
India  
Tel. No.  +91 810 811 4949  
Fax No.  +91 22 49186060  
E-mail ID  sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Mode of delivery  Hand deliver/Post/Courier  
Working days and timings  Working day (except Saturday, Sunday and public 
holidays) between 10:00 am to 05:00 pm . 
 
(c) Equity Shares should not be submitted/tendered to the Manager to the Offer, the 
Acquirer or the PAC or the Target Company.  
 
(d) Public Shareholders who have acquired the Equity Shares but whose names do 
not appear in the records of the Depositories on the Identified Date or unregistered 
shareholders or those who have not received the Letter of Offer, may participate 
in this Offer b y submitting an application on a plain paper giving details set out 
below. In the alternate, such holders of the Equity Shares may apply in the Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement in relation to this Offer that will be annexed 
to this Letter of Offer, w hich may also be obtained from the SEBI website 
(http://www.sebi.gov.in) or from the Registrar to the Offer.  
 
7. The procedure for tendering to be followed by the Public Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in the dematerialised form is as detailed below:  
 
(i) Resident Public Shareholders holding shares in dematerialised form are not 
required to submit the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment to 
the Registrar to the Offer. In case of non -receipt of the required documents, but 
receipt of the Equity Shares in t he Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, the Offer 
may be deemed to have been accepted by the eligible Public Shareholder.  
 
(ii) The Public Shareholders who have acquired the Equity Shares but whose names 
do not appear in the records of the Depositories on the Identified Date or those 
who have not received the Letter of Offer, may participate in this Offer by submitting 
an applicati on on a plain paper giving details set out below and in the Letter of 
Offer. In the alternate, such holders of the Equity Shares may apply in the Off -
Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement in relation to this Offer that 
will be annexed to the Letter  of Offer, which may also be obtained from the SEBI 
website (http://www.sebi.gov.in/) or from MUFG Intime India Private Limited, being 
the Registrar to the Offer. The application is to be sent to the Registrar to the Offer, 
so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer during business hours on or before 5.00 
pm on the date of closure of the Tendering Period, together with:  
 
(iii) The DP name, DP ID, account number together with a photocopy or counterfoil of 
the delivery instruction slip in "off-market " mode duly acknowledged by the DP for 
transferring the Equity Shares to the special depository account ( "Open Offer 
Escrow Demat Account "), as per the details given below:  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 56 
  
Name of Depository Participant  Ventura Securities Limited  
DP ID  IN303116  
Client ID  15728188  
Account Name  MIIPL SAMMAAN CAPITAL LTD  
OPEN OFFER ESCROW DEMAT 
ACCOUNT  
Depository  NSDL  
PAN  AABCI3612A  
Mode of Instruction  Off Market  
 
Public Shareholders having their beneficiary account with CDSL must use the 
inter-depository delivery instruction slip for the purpose of crediting their Equity 
Shares in favour of the Open Offer Escrow Demat Account.  
 
(iv) Public Shareholders have to ensure that their Equity Shares are credited in the 
above -mentioned Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, before the closure of the 
Tendering Period.  
 
(v) In case of non -receipt of the required documents, but receipt of the Equity shares 
in the Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, the Acquirer may deem the Offer to have 
been accepted by the Public Shareholder.  
 
(vi) Pursuant to SEBI circular dated August 27, 2020 bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP/CIR/P/2020/158), with effect from November 01, 2020, 
SEBI has made it mandatory for all shareholders holding shares in dematerialized 
form to authenticate their off -market transaction requests through the one -time 
password ( "OTP") authentication method, pursuant to the submission of their 
delivery instruction slip with the DP. All Shareholders shall generate and submit the 
OTP (based on the link provided by the Deposi tory to the Public Shareholder by 
way of e -mail/SMS) to authenticate the off -market transaction(s). The Public 
Shareholders are requested to authenticate their transaction as soon as they 
receive the intimation from the Depository to avoid failure of deliv ery instruction. 
Kindly note, no transaction will be processed by the Depositories unless the same 
is authenticated by the Public Shareholder through the above said OTP method.  
 
(vii) Off-Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement of dematerialized Equity 
Shares not credited to the above Open Offer Escrow Demat Account on or before 
the closure of Tendering Period is liable to be rejected. Beneficial owners are 
therefore requested to tender the delivery instructions at least 2 (two) Working 
Days prior to the date of closing of the Tendering Period. For each delivery 
instruction, the beneficial owner should submit a separate Off -Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement.  
 
(viii) Documents to be delivered by Public Shareholders holding equity shares in 
dematerialised form:  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 57 
 (aa) Off-Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement duly completed 
and signed in accordance with the instructions contained therein by all the 
beneficial holders of the Equity Shares, as per the records of the DP.  
 
(bb) Photocopy of the delivery instruction in "off-market " mode or counterfoil of 
the delivery instruction slip in "off-market " mode, duly acknowledged by 
the DP.   
 
(cc) Please note the following: For each delivery instruction, the beneficial 
owner should submit a separate Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement.  The Registrar to the Offer is not bound to accept those 
acceptances, for which corresponding Equity Shares have not been 
credited to the above Open Offer Escrow Demat Account or for Equity 
Shares that are credited in the above Open Offer Escrow Demat Accou nt 
but the corresponding Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment has not been received as on  the date of closure of the 
Offer.  
 
(dd) Non-resident Public Shareholders should, in addition to the above, 
enclose copy(ies) of any permission(s) received from the RBI or any other 
regulatory authority to acquire Equity Shares held by them in the Target 
Company. Erstwhile OCBs are requested to s eek a specific approval of 
the RBI for tendering their Equity Shares in the Offer and a copy of such 
approval must be provided along with other requisite documents in the 
event that any Public Shareholder who is an erstwhile OCB tenders its 
Equity Shares i n the Open Offer. In case the above approvals from the RBI 
are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity 
Shares tendered.  
 
(ee) The Public Shareholders who have sent the Equity Shares held by them 
for dematerialisation need to ensure that the process of dematerialisation 
is completed in time for the credit in the Open Offer Escrow Demat 
Account, to be received on or before the clos ure of the Tendering Period 
or else their application will be rejected.  
 
8. The procedure for tendering to be followed by the Public Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in the physical form is as detailed below:  
 
(a) As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and 
SEBI's press release dated December 03, 2018, bearing reference no. PR 
49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the 
securities are held in demate rialised form with a depository with effect from April 
01, 2019. However, in accordance with the  Master  Circular, shareholders holding 
securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an open offer. Such 
tendering shall be as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as well 
are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, the procedure f or tendering to be 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 58 
 followed by the Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form is 
as detailed below.  
 
(b) Public Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to 
participate in the Open Offer will be  required to submit to the registered office of 
the Registrar to the Offer, Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment 
duly completed and signed in accordance with the instructions contained therein 
along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures to be carried 
out including: (i) original share certificate(s); (ii) valid share transfer form(s) duly 
filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target Company) 
and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of 
the Target Company; (iii) self-attested copy of the shareholder 's PAN card; and 
(iv) any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate 
authorization (including board resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy of 
death certificate and succession certificate or probated will, if the original 
shareholder has deceased, etc. , as applicable.  
 
(c) In addition, if the address of the eligible Public Shareholder has undergone a 
change from the address registered in the register of members of the Target 
Company, the relevant Public Shareholder would be required to submit a self -
attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: 
(i) valid Aadhaar Card; (ii) Voter Identity Card; or (iii) Passport.  
 
(d) The eligible Public Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that 
physical Equity Shares will not be accepted unless the complete set of documents 
is submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares for the Open Offer shall be 
subject to verification as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further 
directions issued in this regard.  
 
(e) Applicants who cannot hand deliver their documents at the collection centres 
referred above, may send the same by speed/registered post with due 
acknowledgement or by courier only, at their own risk and cost, to the Registrar to 
the Offer to the address sp ecified in Paragraph 8 of Section VIII ( Procedure for 
Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer ) of this Draft Letter of Offer, on or before 
the last date of the Tendering Period  
 
9. The procedure for tendering the Equity Shares in the Open Offer in the event the 
Acquirer and/or PAC have acquired control over the Target Company in accordance 
with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, prior to the commencement of the Tendering 
Period, will be as follows:  
 
(a) Subject to Part  C (Statutory and Other Approvals ) of Section  VII (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer ) of this Draft Letter of Offer above, all the Public 
Shareholders of the Target Company, holding the shares in dematerialized form or 
physical form, registered or unregistered are eligible to participate in this Open 
Offer at any time during the Tendering  Period.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 59 
 (b) In the event the Acquirer and/or PAC have acquired control over the Target 
Company in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, prior to the 
commencement of the Tendering Period, the Open Offer will be implemented by 
the Acquirer, subject to applicable laws, through the Acquisition Window  in 
accordance with the Master Circular. As per the Master Circular, a lien shall be 
marked in the depository system by the depositories in the beneficial owner 's 
demat account for the shares offered in the Tendering Per iod. Upon finalisation of 
the entitlement, only accepted quantity of shares shall be debited from the demat 
account of the eligible Public Shareholders. The lien marked against unaccepted 
shares shall be released. The detailed procedure for tendering and s ettlement of 
shares under the revised mechanism is specified in Chapter 4 of the said circular.  
 
(c) The facility for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange mechanism pursuant 
to Offer shall be available on the Stock Exchanges in the form of the Acquisition 
Window.  
 
(d) Details of the designated stock exchange for the purpose of tendering the Offer 
Shares will be updated in the Letter of Offer.  
 
(e) The Letter of Offer along with the On market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement will be sent to the Public Shareholders whose names appear 
on the register of members of the Target Company and to the beneficial owners of 
the Equity Shares whose names appear in the beneficial records of the respective 
depo sitories, as of the close of business on the Identified Date.  
 
(f) A copy of the Public Announcement and the Detailed Public Statement is available 
and copy of this Draft Letter of Offer is expected to be available on the website of 
SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in). In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, all Public 
Sharehol ders including those who have acquired Equity Shares of the Target 
Company after the Identified Date, if they so desire, may download the Letter of 
Offer from SEBI 's website for applying in the Open Offer or obtain a copy of the 
same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary evidence 
of holding of the Equity Shares of the Target Company for applying in the Offer.  
Alternatively, the Public Shareholders holding the Equity Shares may participate in 
the Offer by providing their application in plain paper in writing signed by all 
shareholder(s), stating name, address, number of Equity Shares held, client ID 
number, DP name, DP ID number, number of Equity Shares tendered and other 
relevant documents as mentioned in the Letter of Offer. Such  Public Shareholders 
have to ensure that their order is entered in the electronic platform to be made 
available by BSE or NSE before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
 
(g) The Acquirer  shall appoint a broker ( "Buying Broker ") for the Open Offer through 
whom the purchases and settlement of the Equity Shares tendered in the Open 
Offer shall be made. Details of the Buying Broker will be provided in the Letter of 
Offer.  
 
(h) All the Public Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares under the 
Open Offer would have to approach their respective stockbrokers ( "Selling 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 60 
 Broker(s) "), during the normal trading hours of the secondary market during the 
Tendering Period to understand the process and methodology in relation to 
tendering of the Equity Shares through the Stock Exchanges during the Tendering 
Period. The Selling Broker can e nter orders for dematerialized as well as physical 
Equity Shares though the Acquisition Window. The Buying Broker may also act as 
Selling Broker for Public Shareholders.  
 
(i) During the Tendering Period, the tender of the Equity Shares by the Public 
Shareholders in this Offer will be placed through their respective Selling Brokers 
during normal trading hours of the secondary market.  
 
(j) The Public Shareholders have to ensure that their Equity Shares are made 
available to their Selling Brokers, before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
 
(k) The lien marked against unaccepted Equity Shares will be released, if any, or 
would be returned by registered post or courier (in case of physical shares) at the 
Public Shareholders ' sole risk. Public Shareholders should ensure that their 
depository account is maintained till all formalities pertaining to the Open Offer are 
completed.  
 
(l) The details of settlement number under which lien will be marked shall be informed 
in the issue opening circular that will be issued by the Stock Exchanges/Clearing 
Corporation, before the Offer Opening Date.  
 
(m) The cumulative quantity tendered shall be displayed on the Stock Exchanges 
website throughout the trading session at specific intervals by the Stock 
Exchanges during Tendering Period.  
 
(n) Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the Tendering Period. 
Multiple bids made by single Public Shareholder for selling the Equity Shares shall 
be clubbed and considered as 'one' bid for the purposes of acceptance.  
 
(o) The reporting requirements for non -resident shareholders under FEMA and any 
other rules, regulations, guidelines, for remittance of funds, shall be made by the 
Public Shareholder and/or their Selling Broker.  
 
(p) Equity Shares should not be submitted/tendered to the Manager to the Offer, the 
Acquirer or the PAC or the Target Company.  
 
(q) The Public Shareholders can tender their shares only through a broker with whom 
the shareholder is registered as client (KYC Compliant). In the event Selling 
Broker(s) are not registered with the Stock Exchanges or if the Public Shareholder 
does not have a ny stockbroker, then that Public Shareholder can approach any 
BSE or NSE registered stock broker and can make a bid by using quick UCC 
facility through that BSE or NSE registered stock broker after submitting the details 
as may be required by the stock bro ker to be in compliance with applicable law 
and regulations. The Public Shareholder approaching BSE or NSE registered 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 61 
 stockbroker (with whom he does not have an account) may have to submit 
following details:  
 
In case of Public  Shareholder being an individual  
 
If Public  Shareholder is registered with KRA forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if 
applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -
attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque ) 
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest 
Demat statement)  
 
If Public  Shareholder is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form Documents required (all documents self-attested):  
o PAN card copy  
o Address proof  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest 
Demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in 
person verification may be required.  
 
In case Public  Shareholder is HUF:  
 
If Public  Shareholder is registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form of KARTA including FATCA, IPV, OSV 
if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -
attested):  
o Bank  details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest 
Demat statement)  
• If Public  Shareholder is not registered with KRA: Forms required:  
• CKYC  form of KARTA including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy of HUF & KARTA  
o Address proof of HUF & KARTA  
o HUF declaration  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest 
Demat  statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in 
person verification may be required.  
 
In case Public  Shareholder other than Individual and HUF:  
 
If Public  Shareholder is KRA registered: Form required  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 62 
 • Know  Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents certified true 
copy)  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat  details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat master /Latest 
Demat statement ) 
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 years financial statements  
 
If Public  Shareholder is not KRA registered: Forms required:  
• KRA form  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form Documents required (all documents certified true 
copy):  
o PAN card copy of company/ firm/trust  
o Address proof of company/ firm/trust  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat  details only if Equity Shares are in demat mode (Demat Master /Latest 
Demat  statement)  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors/authorised signatories /partners/trustees  
• PAN card copies & address proof of directors/authorised 
signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution/partnership declaration  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 years financial statements  
• MOA/Partnership deed /trust deed  
 
Additionally, registered Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form must also provide the documents mentioned below.  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The 
requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
10. Procedure for tendering Equity Shares held in dematerialised form:  
 
(a) The Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in 
electronic/dematerialised form and who desire to tender their Equity Shares in this 
Offer shall approach their respective Selling Broker indicating to their Selling 
Broker the details of Equity Share s that such Public Shareholder intends to tender 
in this Offer. The Public Shareholders should tender their Equity Shares before 
market hours close on the last day of the Tendering Period.  
 
(b) The Public Shareholders shall submit delivery instruction slip duly filled -in 
specifying the appropriate market type in relation to the "Open Offer " and execution 
date along with all other details to their respective Selling Broker so that the Equity 
Shares can be tendered in the Offer.  
 
(c) The Selling Broker would be required to place an order/bid on behalf of the Public 
Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the 
Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges . Before placing the bid, lien will be 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 63 
 required to be marked on the tendered Equity Shares. Details of the Equity Shares 
marked as lien in the demat account of the Public Shareholder shall be provided 
by their respective depositories to the Clearing Corporation. In case, the Public 
Shareholder 's demat account is held with one depository ( "Source Depository ") 
and the clearing member pool and Clearing Corporation account is held with 
another depository ( "Recipient Depository "), the Equity Shares  shall be blocked 
in the shareholders demat account at the Source Depository during the Tendering 
Period. IDT instructions shall be initiated by the Public Shareholders at the Source 
Depository to the clearing member/Clearing Corporation account at Recipie nt 
Depository. Source Depository shall block the Public Shareholders ' Equity Shares 
(i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked balance) and send IDT message to 
Recipient Depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of Equity Shares 
blocked in the  Public Shareholder 's demat account shall be provided by the 
Recipient Depository to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
(d) Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall provide the TRS generated by the 
stock exchange bidding system to the Public Shareholder. TRS will contain details 
of order/bid submitted like bid identification number, depository participant 
identification n umber, client identification number, no. of Equity Shares tendered, 
etc. In case of non -receipt of the completed tender form and other documents, but 
where lien is marked on Equity Shares and a valid bid has been placed in the 
exchange bidding system, the bid by such Eligible Shareholder shall be deemed 
to have been accepted.  
 
(e) On receipt of TRS from the respective Selling Broker, the Public Shareholder has 
successfully placed the bid in the Offer.  
 
(f) Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the Tendering Period.  
 
(g) The Public Shareholders shall earmark/provide such early pay -in of the 
dematerialized Equity Shares to be tendered in the Offer (except for custodian 
participant orders) to the Clearing Corporation using the settlement number 
provided in the Offer opening circular which will be issued by the Stock 
Exchange/Clearing Corporation before the opening of the Offer, before any 
orders/bids are placed on their behalf by their respective Selling Brokers.  
 
(h) For custodian participant, orders for demat Equity Shares early pay -in is 
mandatory prior to confirmation of order by the custodian. The custodians shall 
either confirm or reject orders not later than the time provided by the Stock 
Exchanges on the last da y of the Tendering Period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed 
orders shall be deemed to be rejected.  
 
(i) The details of settlement number for early pay -in of equity shares shall be informed 
in the issue opening circular that will be issued by the Stock Exchanges/Clearing 
Corporation, before the opening of the Offer.  
 
(j) The Public Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep their DP account active 
and unblocked to successfully facilitate the tendering of the Equity Shares and to 
receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated 
Offer.  
 
(k) In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for conversion to 
Demat, such Public Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the 
Equity Shares converted to Demat mode is completed well in time so that they can 
participate in the Offer before the closure of the Tendering Period.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 64 
  
(l) The resident Public Shareholders holding shares in demat mode are not required 
to fill any On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, unless required 
by their respective Selling Broker.  All non -resident Public Shareholders (i.e., the 
Public Shareholders not residing in India including NRIs, OCBs and FPIs) are 
mandatorily required to fill the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment. The non -resident Public Shareholders holding Equi ty Shares in 
dematerialised form, directly or through their re spective Selling Brokers, are 
required to send the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment along 
with the required documents to the Registrar to the Offer at its address given on 
the cover page of the Letter of Offer , so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer during 
business hours on or before 5.00 pm on the date of closure of the Tendering 
Period . The envelope should be super scribed as "Sammaan Capital Limited - 
Open Offer ". The detailed procedure for tendering Equity Shares will be included 
in the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment.  
 
11. Procedure for tendering Equity Shares held in Physical Form:  
 
(a) As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and 
SEBI 's press release dated December 03, 2018 , bearing reference no. PR 
49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the 
securities are held in dematerialised form with a depository with effect from April 
01, 2019. However, in accordance with the Master Circular, shareho lders holding 
securities in physical form are allowed to tender shares in an open offer. Such 
tendering shall be as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as well 
are eligi ble to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares in physical form as well are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this 
Offer as per the p rovisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
(b) The procedure for tendering to be followed by the Public Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in the physical form is as detailed below:  
 
(i) The Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form 
and intend to participate in the Offer will be required to approach their 
respective Selling Broker along with the complete set of documents for 
verification procedures to be carried ou t, including the (aa) original share 
certificate(s), (bb) valid share transfer form(s), i.e. Form SH -4, duly filled 
and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Tar get 
Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place, (cc) self-attested 
copy of the shareholder 's PAN card, (dd) On Market Form of Acceptance -
cum-Acknowledgment duly completed and signed in accordance with the 
instructions contained therein, by sole/joint Public Shareholders whose 
name(s) appears on the share certificate(s) in the same order in which 
they hold Equity  Shares, and (ee) any other relevant documents such as 
power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board 
resolution/specimen sig nature), notarized copy of death certificate and 
succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has 
deceased, etc., as applicable.  
 
(ii) In addition, if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a 
change from the address registered in the 'Register of Members ' of the 
Target Company , the Public Shareholder would be required to submit a 
self-attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 65 
 documents: (A) valid Aadhar card, (B) voter identity card; or (C) passport.  
 
(iii) Based on these documents, the Selling Broker shall place the bid on 
behalf of the Public Shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form 
who wishes to tender Equity Shares in the Offer, using the Acquisition 
Window of the Stock Exchanges. Upon placing t he bid, the Selling Broker 
shall provide a TRS generated by the bidding system of the Stock 
Exchanges to the Public Shareholder. The TRS will contain the details of 
the order submitted like folio number, share certificate number, distinctive 
number of Equi ty Shares tendered etc.  
 
(iv) The Selling Broker/Public Shareholder has to deliver the original share 
certificate(s) and documents (as mentioned above) along with the TRS 
either by speed post or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the 
Offer i.e., MUFG Intime India Private Limited so as to  reach them no later 
than the date of closure of the Tendering Period. The envelope should be 
super scribed as "Sammaan Capital  Limited - Open Offer ". Share 
certificates for physical shares must reach the Registrar to the Offer on or 
before 5:00 p.m. on th e date of closure of the Tendering Period. 1 (one) 
copy of the TRS will be retained by the Registrar to the Offer and it will 
provide acknowledgement of the same to the Selling Broker. 1 (one) copy 
of the TRS will be retained by the Registrar to the Offer,  and it will provide 
acknowledgement of the same to the Selling Broker/Public Shareholder.  
 
(v) The Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form should 
note that such Equity Shares will not be accepted unless the complete set 
of documents specified above are submitted. Acceptance of the Equity 
Shares in physical form shall be subject to  verification as per the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. The 
Registrar to the Offer will verify such bids based on the documents 
submitted on a daily basis and till such time the Stock Exchanges shall 
display such bids as 'unconfirmed physical bids '. Once the Registrar to the 
Offer confirms the bids, they will be treated as 'confirmed bids '. Physical 
share certificates and other relevant documents should not be sent to the 
Acquirer, the PAC, the Target Company or the Manager to the Offer.  
 
(vi) All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the On Market 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, otherwise the Equity Shares 
tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for 
rejection on the following grounds amongs t others: (A) if there is any other 
company 's equity share certificate(s) enclosed with the On Market Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment instead of the Equity Share 
certificate(s) of the Target Company; (B) if the transmission of Equity 
Shares is not co mpleted, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the 
Public Shareholders; (C) if the Public Shareholders tender Equity Shares 
but the Registrar to the Offer does not receive the Equity Share 
certificate(s); and/or (D) in case the signature on the On Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment and Form SH -4 does not match as per 
the specimen signature recorded with Target Company/registrar of the 
Target Company.  
 
(c) In case any Public Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical 
form for dematerialization, such Public Shareholders should ensure that 
the process of having the Equity Shares dematerialized is completed well 
in time so that they can participate in the Offer before Offer Closing Date.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 66 
  
12. Acceptance of Equity Shares  
 
(a) The Registrar to the Offer shall provide details of order acceptance to Clearing Corporation 
within specified timelines.  
 
(b) In the event that the number of Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders 
under this Open Offer is more than the number of Offer Shares, the Acquirer shall accept 
those Equity Shares  validly tendered by the Public Shareholders on a proportionate basis 
in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, provided that acquisition of Equity Shares 
from a Public Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot, or the entire 
holdi ng if it is less than the marketable lot.  
 
(c) The marketable lot for the Equity Shares of the Target Company for the purpose of this 
Open Offer is 1 (one) . 
 
(d) In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, 
the Acquirer will have the authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such 
rounding  off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares . 
 
13. Settlement Process  
 
(a) On closure of this Tendering Period , reconciliation for acceptances shall be conducted by 
the Manager to the Offer and the Registrar to the Offer and the final list of accepted Equity 
Shares tendered in this Open Offer shall be provided to the Stock Exchanges to facilitate 
settlement on the  basis of Equity Shares transferred to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
(b) The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades 
in the secondary market. Selling Broker(s) should use the settlement number to be 
provided by the Clearing Corporation to transfer the Equity Shares in favour of th e Clearing 
Corporation.  
 
(c) The Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form will have to ensure 
that they update their bank account details with the correct account number used in core 
banking and IFSC codes, keep their depository participant account active and u nblocked, 
to successfully facilitate the tendering of the Equity Shares and for release of lien in case 
of rejection, nonacceptance or prorated acceptance.  
 
(d) For Equity Shares accepted under this Open Offer, the Clearing Corporation will make 
direct funds payout to respective eligible Public Shareholders ' bank account linked to its 
demat account. If the Public Shareholders ' bank account details are not available or if the 
funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/bank, due to any reason, then such funds will 
be transferred to the concerned Selling Broker settlement bank account for onward transfer 
to their respective Pub lic Shareholder 's account. The Public Shar eholders will be required 
to independently settle fees, dues, statutory levies or other charges (if any) with their 
Selling Brokers.  
 
(e) In case of certain client types viz. NRI, foreign clients, etc. (where there are specific RBI 
and other regulatory requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle 
through custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their respective S elling Broker 's 
settlement accounts for releasing the same to their respective Public Shareholder 's 
account onwards. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected from the 
Registrar to the Offer.  
 
(f) For Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would be given to the Public 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 67 
 Shareholder 's respective Selling Broker 's settlement bank accounts for onward transfer to 
the respective Public Shareholder 's account.  
 
(g) Excess demat Equity Shares or unaccepted demat Equity Shares, if any, tendered by the 
Public Shareholders would be returned to them by the Clearing Corporation.  However, in 
the event of any rejection of transfer to the demat account of the Public  Shareholder for 
any reason, the demat Equity Shares shall be released to the securities pool account of 
their respective Selling Broker and the Selling Broker will thereafter transfer the balance 
Equity Shares to the respective Public Shareholders. Any Eq uity Share s that are: (i) subject 
matter of litigation; or (ii) held in abeyance or prohibited/ restricted from being transferred 
pursuant to any pending court cases / attachment orders / restriction from other statutory 
authorities; are liable to be rejected unless directions/ orders of an appropriate court/ 
tribunal / statutory authority permitting the transfer of such Equity Shares are received 
together with the Equity Shares tendered under the Open Offer. Any excess physical Equity 
Shares pursuant to proportionate acceptance/ rejection will be returned back to the P ublic 
Shareholders directly by the Registrar.  
 
(h) The direct credit of Equity Shares shall be given to the demat account of the Acquirer as 
indicated by the Buying Broker.  
 
(i) Any excess Equity Shares, in physical form, pursuant to proportionate 
acceptance/rejection will be returned to the Public Shareholders directly by the Registrar. 
SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 
25, 2022, mandated all listed companies to issue the securities in dematerialized form only 
while processing the service request of issue, inter alia, relating to the sub -division or 
splitting of share certificate. In view of the same, the Target  Company shall issue a l etter 
of confirmation ( "LOC ") in lieu of any excess physical Equity Shares pursuant to 
proportionate acceptance/rejection and the LOC shall be dispatched to the address 
registered with the Registrar. The Registrar shall retain the original share certificate and 
deface the certificate  with a stamp "Letter of Confirmation Issued " on the face / reverse of 
the certificate to the extent of the excess physical shares. The LOC shall be valid for a 
period of 120 days from the date of its issuance, within which the Equity Shareholder shall 
be required to make a request to his/her depository participant for dematerializing the 
physical Equity Shares returned. In case the Equity Shareholder fails to submit the demat 
request within the aforesaid period, the Registrar sh all credit the Equity Shares to a 
separate demat account of the Target Company opened for the said purpose.  
 
(j) Unaccepted share certificate(s), transfer deed(s) and other documents, if any, will be 
returned by registered post at the registered Public Shareholders '/unregistered owners ' 
sole risk to the sole/first Public Shareholder/unregistered owner.   
 
(k) Once the basis of acceptance is finalised, the lien marked against unaccepted shares shall 
be released and the Clearing Corporation  would facilitate clearing and settlement of trades 
by transferring the required number of Equity Shares to the demat account of Acquirer. The 
Buying Broker will transfer the funds pertaining to this Open Offer to the Clearing 
Corporation 's bank account as per the prescribed schedule.  
 
(l) The Buying Broker will also issue a contract note to the Acquirer for the Equity Shares 
accepted under this Open Offer.  
 
(m) Any Equity Shares  that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due to 
pending court cases/attachment orders/restriction from other statutory authorities wherein 
the Public Shareholder may be precluded from transferring the Equity Shares during 
pendency of the said litigation are liable to be rejected if directions/orders regarding these 
Equity Shares are not received together with the Equity Shares tendered under this Open 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 68 
 Offer.  
 
(n) The Public Shareholders who intend to participate in this Open Offer should consult their 
respective Selling Broker for any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including 
brokerage) that may be levied by the Selling Broker upon the selling shareho lders for 
tendering Equity Shares in this Open Offer (secondary market transaction). The Open Offer 
consideration received by the Public Shareholders, in respect of accepted Equity Shares, 
could be net of such costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) 
and the Acquirer and/or the PAC and/or the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility 
to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) incurred 
solely by the Public Shareholders.  
 
(o) In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s), SEBI has the power to grant 
extension of time to the Acquirer for payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders 
whose Offer Shares have been accepted in the Open Offer within such period, subj ect to 
such terms and conditions as may be specified by SEBI, including payment of interest in 
accordance with Regulation 18(11 A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
14. General conditions applicable for tendering and settlement  
 
(a) The Equity Shares that are subject to any charge, lien or any other form of 
encumbrance are liable to be rejected in this Open Offer  
 
(b) Applications in respect of Equity Shares that are the subject matter of litigation 
wherein the Public Shareholders of the Target Company may be prohibited from 
transferring such Equity Shares during the pendency of the said litigation are liable 
to be reje cted if the directions/orders regarding such Equity Shares are not 
received together with the Equity Shares tendered under the Offer. The Letter of 
Offer in some of these cases, wherever possible, will be forwarded to the 
concerned statutory authorities fo r further action by such authorities.  
 
(c) The Public Shareholders should also provide all relevant documents which are 
necessary to ensure transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the 
application is being sent. Such documents may include, but are not limited to:  
 
(i) Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/probate/letter of 
administration (in case of single Public Shareholder) if the original Public 
Shareholder has expired;  
 
(ii) Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public 
Shareholder has signed the acceptance form and/or transfer deed(s);  
 
(iii) No objection certificate from any lender, if the Equity Shares in respect of 
which the acceptance is sent, were under any charge, lien or 
encumbrance;  
 
(iv) In case of companies, the necessary corporate authorisation (including 
certified copy of board and/or general meeting resolution(s)); and  
 
(v) Any other relevant documents.  
 
15. In the event the number of Equity Shares validly tendered in this Open Offer  by the Public 
Shareholders are more than the Equity Shares to be acquired under this Open Offer, the 
acquisition of Equity Shares from each Public Shareholder will be on a proportionate basis 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 69 
 in such a way that the acquisition from any Public Shareholder shall not be less than the 
minimum marketable lot, or the entire holding if it is less than the marketable lot. The 
minimum marketable lot for the Equity Shares is 1 (one) Equity Share.  
 
16. Subject to the receipt of such approvals as mentioned in Part  C (Statutory and Other 
Approvals ) of Section  VII (Terms and Conditions of the Offer ) and Paragraph 5 of Part A 
(Background to the Offer ) of Section III ( Details of the Offer ), the Acquirer and the PAC 
intend to complete all formalities, including the payment of consideration within a period of 
10 (ten) Working Days from the closure of the Tendering Period and for the purpose open 
a special account as provided under Regulation 21(1) of the SEBI (S AST) Regulations, 
provided that where the Acquirer is unable to make the payment to the Public Shareholders 
who have accepted the Offer before the said period of 10 (ten) Working Days due to non -
receipt of such approvals, SEBI may grant extension of time f or the purpose, subject to 
subject to such terms and conditions as may be specified by SEBI, including payment of 
interest, if any, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
17. The unaccepted documents in relation to transfer of Equity Shares, if any, would be 
returned by registered post or by ordinary post or courier at the Public Shareholders ' sole 
risk. Unaccepted Equity Shares held in dematerialised form will be credited back to the 
beneficial owners ' depository account with the respective depository participant as per 
details received from their depository participant. It will be the responsibility of the Public 
Shareholders to ensure that the unaccepted Equity Shares are acc epted by their respective 
depository participants when transferred by the Registrar to the Offer. The Public 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are requested to issue the 
necessary standing instruction for the receipt of the credit, if any, in their DP account. The 
Public Shareholders should ensure that their depository account is maintained till all 
formalities pertaining to the Offer are completed.  
 
18. The Registrar to the Offer will hold in trust the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement/ On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (as 
applicable), Equity Shares , and/or other documents on behalf of the Public Shareholders 
of the Target Company who have accepted the Offer, until the warrants/cheques/drafts for 
the consideration are dispatched and unaccepted share certificate/Equity Shares, if any, 
are dispatched/r eturned to the relevant Public Shareholders.  
 
19. Payment to those Public Shareholders whose tendered Equity Shares are found valid and 
in order and are approved by the Acquirer, will be done by obtaining the bank account 
details from the beneficiary position download to be provided by the Depositories an d the 
payment shall be processed with the said bank particulars, and not any details provided in 
the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment/On Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment (as applicable). The decision regarding (i) the 
acquisitio n (in part or full), of the Equity Shares tendered pursuant to this Open Offer, or 
(ii) rejection of the Equity Shares tendered pursuant to this Open Offer along with any 
corresponding payment for the acquired Equity Shares will be dispatched to the Public  
Shareholders by registered post or by ordinary post or courier as the case may be, at the 
Public Shareholder 's sole risk. Equity Shares held in dematerialised form to the extent not 
acquired will be credited back to the respective beneficiary account with  their respective 
DPs as per the details furnished by the beneficial owners in the Off -Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement (as applicable).  
 
20. For Public Shareholders who do not opt for electronic mode of transfer or whose payment 
consideration is rejected/not credited through DC/NEFT/RTGS, due to technical errors or 
incomplete/incorrect bank account details, payment consideration will be dispatched 
through registered post or by ordinary post or courier at the Public Shareholder 's sole risk.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 70 
  
21. All cheques/demand drafts/pay orders will be drawn in the name of the first holder, in case 
of joint holder(s).  
 
22. In case of rejection of Equity Shares tendered for any reason, the documents, if any, will 
be returned by registered post or ordinary post or courier at the Public Shareholder 's sole 
risk as per the details provided in the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment (as applicable). 
Equity Shares held in dematerialised form, to the extent not accepted, will be returned to 
the beneficial owner to the credit of the beneficial owner 's DP account with the res pective 
DP as per the details furnished by the beneficial owner(s) in the Off -Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment 
(as applicable).  
 
23. While tendering the Equity Shares under the Offer, NRIs/ OCBs/ foreign shareholders will 
be required to submit the previous approvals from RBI or other regulatory authorities 
(specific or general) that they would have been required to submit to acquire the  Equity 
Shares of the Target Company under the Offer. In case the previous RBI approvals are not 
submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered. If the 
Equity Shares are held under general permission of the RBI, the non -resident Public 
Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under general permission and 
clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on a repatriable basis or a non -repatriable basis.  
 
24. A copy of the Letter of Offer (including the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, as applicable) is 
expected to be available on SEBI 's website (www.sebi.gov.in) during the period this Open 
Offer is open and may also be downloaded from the site.  
 
25. Procedure for tendering the shares in case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer:  
 
(a) All the Public Shareholders of the Target Company, holding the Equity Shares 
whether in dematerialised form or physical form, registered or unregistered are 
eligible to participate in this Open Offer at any time during the Tendering Period 
for this Open Of fer. 
 
(b) Public Shareholders who have acquired Equity Shares but whose names do not 
appear in the records of Depositories on the Identified Date, or unregistered 
owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after the Identified Date, or 
those who have not received the Letter of Off er, may also participate in this Open 
Offer.  
 
(c) A Public Shareholder may participate in this Open Offer by approaching their 
broker/Selling Broker and tender Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the 
procedure mentioned in the Letter of Offer and Off -Market Form of Acceptance -
cum Acknowledgment/On Mar ket Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, as 
applicable.  
 
(d) The Letter of Offer along with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, as 
applicable, will be e -mailed/dispatched to all the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company, whose names appear on the  register of members of the Target 
Company and to the beneficial owners of the Target Company in dematerialized 
form whose names appear on the beneficial records of the respective depositories, 
in either case, at the close of business hours on the Identifi ed Date.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 71 
 (e) In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, such Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company may download the same from the SEBI website (www.sebi.gov.in) or 
obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable 
documentary evide nce of holding of the Equity Shares of the Target Company. 
Alternatively, download the soft copy from the Registrar 's website 
(www.in.mpms.mufg.com ). 
 
(f) The Letter of Offer along with the Off -Market Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment/On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment, as 
applicable, would also be available at SEBI 's website, www.sebi.gov.in, and the 
Public Shareholders can also apply by downloading such forms from the said 
website.  
 
(g) Alternatively, in case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Public Shareholders 
holding the Equity Shares may participate in the Offer by providing their application 
in plain paper in writing signed by all shareholder(s), stating name, address, 
number of  shares held, client ID number, DP name, DP ID number, number of 
shares tendered and other relevant documents. Such Public Shareholders have to 
ensure that their order is entered in the electronic platform to be made available 
by the Stock Exchanges before  the closure of the Offer, if offered through the 
Acquisition Window.  
 
IX. TAX PROVISIONS   
 
A. THE SUMMARY OF THE INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS HEREUNDER ARE 
BASED ON THE CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX ACT , 1961 AS 
AMENDED  BY THE FINANCE ACT, 2025 AND THE REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER. THE LEGISLATIONS, THEIR JUDICIAL INTERPRETATION 
AND THE POLICIES OF THE REGULATORY AUTHORITIES ARE SUBJECT TO 
CHANGE (INCLUDING RETROSPECTIVE CHANGES/CLARIFICATIONS) 
FROM TIME TO TIME, AND THESE MAY  HAVE A BEARING ON THE 
IMPLICATIONS LISTED BELOW. ACCORDINGLY, ANY CHANGE OR 
AMENDMENTS IN THE LAW OR RELEVANT REGULATIONS WOUL D 
NECESSITATE A REVIEW OF THE BELOW.  
 
B. THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, 
ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICATIONS BY SUBSEQUENT 
LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. 
ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD HAVE DIFFERENT INCOME TAX 
IMPLICATIONS. THIS NOTE ON TAX ATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF 
LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS 
OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL 
OF EQUITY SHARES.  
 
C. THE IMPLICATIONS ARE ALSO DEPENDENT ON THE PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS FULFILLING THE CONDITIONS PRESCRIBED UNDER THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE RELEVANT SECTIONS UNDER THE RELEVANT TAX 
LAWS. IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARISED NATURE OF INCOME TAX 
CONSEQUENCES, PUBLIC  SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUIRED TO CONSULT 
THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS INCLUDING 
THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX 
OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE, AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION 
THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
 
D. THE ACQUIRER AND PAC  DO NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 72 
 ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF ANY TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, THE 
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE 
SUMMARY OF INCOME -TAX IMPLICATIONS, RELATING TO THE 
TREATMENT OF INCOME -TAX IN THE CASE OF TENDERING OF LISTED 
EQUITY SHARES IN OPEN OFFER  OFF THE FLOOR OF THE RECOGNISED 
STOCK EXCHANGE  / ON THE RECOGNISED STOCK EXCHANGE , AS THE 
CASE MAY BE,  AS SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE 
AND FOR GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
 
E. THE BELOW  NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A 
SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE 
ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE 
DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY 
REGULATORS NOR CAN T HERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL 
NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS MENTIONED 
HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS 
FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES.  THE LAW STATED BELOW IS AS  PER THE INCOME -TAX 
ACT, 1961.  
 
Part A – If the tendering is pursuant to Paragraph 6 of Section VIII (Procedure for 
Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer), i.e. in the event Acquirer and/ or PAC has 
not obtained control over the Target Company in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations,  prior to commencement of Tendering Period for the Open Offer . 
 
1. STT 
 
The Equity Shares will be tendered by the Public Shareholders under off -market 
transactions i.e. the Equity Shares will not be tendered on the floor of the recognised 
stock exchange. Accordingly, such transaction will not be subject to STT.  
 
2. Income tax  
 
(a) The basis of charge of Indian income -tax depends upon the residential status 
of the taxpayer during a tax year. The Indian tax year runs from April 1 until 
March 31. A person who is an Indian tax resident is liable to income -tax in India 
on such person 's worldwide income, subject to certain tax exemptions, which 
are provided under the Income Tax Act as amended from time to time. A person 
who is treated as a non -resident for Indian income -tax purposes is generally 
subject to tax in India only on such pers on's India -sourced income (i.e. income 
which accrues or arises or deemed to accrue or arise in India) and also income 
received by such person in India (including income deemed to be received in 
India). In case of shares of a company, the source of income f rom shares will 
depend on the "situs" of such shares. As per judicial precedents, the "situs" of 
the shares is where a company is "incorporated" and where its shares can be 
transferred.  
 
(b) Accordingly, since the Target Company is incorporated in India, the Target 
Company's shares should be deemed to be "situated " in India and any gains 
arising to a non -resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India 
under the Income Tax Act.  
 
(c) Further, the non -resident shareholder can avail beneficial treatment under the 
DTAA between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder 
is tax resident subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 73 
 to (a) conditions (if any) present in the said Double Taxation Avoidance 
Agreement ( "DTAA ") read with the relevant provisions of the Multilateral 
Instrument ( "MLI") as ratified by India with the respective country of which the 
said shareholder is a tax resident and (b) non -applicability of General Anti 
Avoidance Rule ( "GAAR ") and (c) providing and maintaining necessary 
information and documents as prescribed under the Income Tax Act.  
 
(d) The Income Tax Act also provides for different income -tax regimes/ rates 
applicable to the gains arising from the acceptance of shares under the Open 
Offer, based on the period of holding, residential status, classification of the 
shareholder and nature of  the income earned, etc.  
 
(e) The shareholders may be required to undertake compliances such as filing an 
annual income tax return, as may be applicable to different categories of 
persons, with the income tax authorities, reporting their income for the relevant 
year.  
 
(f) The summary of income -tax implications on tendering of listed Equity Shares 
off the recognized stock exchange in India is set out below. All references to 
Equity Shares herein are to  listed Equity Shares unless stated otherwise . 
 
3. Classification of Shareholders:  
 
Public Shareholders can be classified under the following categories:  
 
(a) Resident shareholders being:  
 
1. Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family ( "HUF"), Association of Persons 
("AOP ") and Body of Individuals ( "BOI") 
 
2. Others  
• Company  
• Other than company  
 
(b) Non-resident shareholders being:  
 
i) Non-Resident Indians (NRIs)  
 
ii) Foreign Institution Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
 
iii) Others:  
• Company  
• Other than company  
 
4. Classification of Income:  
 
Shares can be classified under the following 2 categories:  
 
(a) Shares held as investment: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable 
under the head "Capital Gains "; and  
 
(b) Shares held as stock -in-trade: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable 
under the head "Profits and Gains from Business or Profession ". 
 
5. Taxability of Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders:  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 74 
  
(a) Gains arising from the transfer of shares may be treated either as "capital gains " 
or as "business income " for income -tax purposes, depending upon whether 
such shares were held as a capital asset or a trading asset (i.e. stock -in-trade). 
Public Shareholders may also refer to Circular No. 6/2016 dated 29 February 
2016 issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes  ("CBDT ") in this regard.  
 
(b) As per the current provisions of the Income Tax Act, where the shares are held 
as investments (i.e. capital assets), the income arising from the transfer of such 
shares is taxable under the head "Capital Gains ".  
 
(c) In view of the definition of 'capital asset ' provided in Section 2(14) of the Income 
Tax Act, shares held by all FIIs (and their sub – account) or FPIs registered 
under the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 are to be treated 
as 'capital asset '. Further, considering the amendments made by the Finance 
Act, 2025 in the definition of "capital asset ", the shares held by an "investment 
fund" specified in clause (a) of Explanation 1 to Section 115UB of Income Tax 
Act, are also to be treated as 'capital assets '.  
 
(d) Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders would be computed as per the 
provisions of Section 48 of the Income Tax Act and the rate of income -tax would 
depend on the period of holding  
 
6. Period  of Holding  
 
Depending on the period for which the Equity Shares are held, the gains if treated 
as "Capital Gains ", would be taxable as "short -term capital gain / STCG " or "long-
term capital gain/ LTCG ": 
 
(a) In respect of equity shares held for a period less than or equal to 12 (twelve) 
months prior to the date of transfer, the same should be treated as a "short -
term capital asset ", and accordingly the gains arising therefrom should be 
taxable as "STCG ".  
 
(b) Similarly, where equity shares are held for a period more than 12 (twelve) 
months prior to the date of transfer, the same should be treated as a "long-term 
capital asset ", and accordingly the gains arising therefrom should be taxable as 
"LTCG ". 
 
7. Tendering of Equity Shares in the Open Offer  under off -market transaction:   
 
Since the Equity Shares will be tendered by the Public Shareholders under off -
market transactions, such transaction will not be subject to STT. Accordingly, the 
provisions of Section 112A and Section 111A of the Income Tax Act shall not apply.  
 
(a) LTCG  arising from tendering of Equity Shares in the Open Offer under off -
market transactions will be subject to tax as follows:  
 
i) LTCG  will be computed considering the actual cost of acquisition – No 
benefit of fair market value as on 31 January 2018 can be availed.  
 
ii) In the case of resident Public Shareholders, LTCG would be chargeable to 
tax at the rate of 12.5% in accordance with provisions of Section 112 of the 
Income Tax Act. While computing the LTCG, the benefits of foreign 
exchange fluctuation in accordance with first proviso to Section 48 of the 
Income Tax  Act will not be available. Further, in case of resident Individual 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 75 
 or HUF, the benefit of maximum amount which is not chargeable to income -
tax is to be considered while computing the income -tax on such LTCG.  
 
iii) In the case of a non -resident Public Shareholder (other than an FPI / FII, or 
an NRI who is governed by the provisions of Chapter XII -A of the Income 
Tax Act) LTCG  will be chargeable to tax at the rate of 12.5% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess) in accordance with provisions of 
Section 112 of the Income Tax Act.  
 
iv) In the case of FIIs / FPIs, LTCG will be taxable at 12.5% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess) in accordance with provisions of 
Section 115AD of the Income Tax Act (without benefit of indexation and 
foreign exchange fluctuation).  
 
v) For an NRI who is governed by the provisions of Chapter XII -A of the Income 
Tax Act, LTCG will be taxable at 12.5% (plus applicable surcharge and 
health and education cess) under Section 115E of the Income Tax Act on 
meeting certain conditions. While compu ting the LTCG, the benefit of 
indexation of cost may not be available.  
 
vi) Long term capital loss computed for a given year is allowed to be set -off only 
against LTCG computed for the said year, in terms of Section 70 of the 
Income Tax Act. The balance loss, which is not set -off, is allowed to be 
carried forward for subsequent  8 (eight ) assessment years, for being set -off 
only against subsequent years ' LTCG, in terms of Section 74 of the Income 
Tax Act.  
 
(b) Further , any gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period 
of 12 (twelve) months or less, which are accepted under the Open Offer, will be 
subject to short -term capital gains tax and shall be leviable to tax at the rates 
prescribed in First  Schedule to the Finance Act, 2025 (i.e. normal tax rates 
applicable to different categories of persons) (plus applicable surcharge and 
health and education cess).  
 
(c) In terms of seventh proviso to Section 48 of the Income Tax Act, no deduction 
of amount paid on account of STT will be allowed in computing the income 
chargeable to tax as capital gains.  
 
(d) In terms of Section 70 of the Income Tax Act, short -term capital loss computed 
for a given year is allowed to be set -off against STCG as well as LTCG 
computed for the said year. The balance loss, which is not set -off, is allowed to 
be carried forward for s ubsequent 8 (eight ) assessment years, for being set -off 
against subsequent years ' STCG as well as LTCG, in terms of Section 74 of 
the Income Tax Act.  
 
(e) Non-resident shareholder can apply the relevant provisions of the DTAA 
between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder is tax 
resident subject to satisfying relevant conditions as prescribed under the 
relevant DTAA read with MLI as m ay be in effect, and the non -applicability of 
GAAR and providing and maintaining necessary information and documents as 
prescribed under the Income Tax Act  
 
8. In case of Investment Funds - Under Section 10(23FBA) of the Income Tax Act, 
any income of an Investment Fund, other than the income chargeable under the 
head "Profits and gains of business or profession " would be exempt from income 
tax but would be taxable in the hands of their investors. For this purpose, an 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 76 
 "Investment Fund " means a fund registered as Category I or Category II Alternative 
Investment Fund and is regulated under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Alternate Investment Fund) Regulations, 2012 or regulated under the International 
Financial Services Centre s Authority (Fund Management) Regulations, 2022.  
 
9. In case of Mutual Funds – Under Section 10(23D) of the Income Tax Act, any 
income of mutual funds registered under SEBI or Regulations made thereunder or 
mutual funds set up by public sector banks or public financial institutions or mutual 
funds authorized by the RBI and subject to  the conditions specified therein, is 
exempt from tax subject to such conditions as the Central Government may by 
notification in the Official Gazette, specify in this behalf.  
 
10. In case of Others  - There may be certain other categories of Public Shareholders 
who may be eligible for exemption from capital gain (LTCG and/or STCG) under 
Chapter III of the Income Tax Act subject to conditions prescribed under the relevant 
provisions of the Income Tax Act. 
 
11. Taxability of Business Income in the hands of the Shareholders:  
 
If the shares are held as stock -in-trade by any of the Public Shareholders of the 
Target Company, then the gains will be characterized as business income and 
taxable under the head "Profits and Gains from Business or Profession ". 
 
Resident shareholders  
 
i) Profits of:  
 
• Individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI will be taxable at applicable slab rates.  
 
• Domestic companies having turnover or gross receipts not exceeding ₹ 
400 crore in the relevant financial year as prescribed will be taxable at the 
rate of 25% (plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
• Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act will be taxable at the rate of 22% 
(plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess), if the 
conditions of Section 115BAA of the Income Tax A ct are met.  
 
• Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 115BAB will be taxable at the rate of 15% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess) if conditions of Section 115BAB 
are met, else at the rate of 22% (plus applica ble surcharge and health and 
education cess).  
 
• For persons other than stated above, profits will be taxable at the rate of 
30% (plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
ii) No benefit of indexation by virtue of period of holding will be available in any 
case.  
 
iii) In terms of Section 36(1)(xv) of the Income Tax Act, STT paid by the 
shareholder in respect of the taxable securities transactions entered into in the 
course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of 
income chargeable under the hea d "Profit and gains of business or 
profession ". 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 77 
  
Non-resident shareholders  
 
i) Non-resident shareholders can apply the relevant provisions of the applicable 
DTAA read with the MLI, entered into by India with the relevant country of 
which the said shareholder is tax resident, subject to fulfilling relevant 
conditions (including the no n-applicability of GAAR) and maintaining & 
providing necessary documents prescribed under the Income Tax Act.  
 
ii) Where DTAA provisions are not applicable:  
 
• For non -resident individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI, profits (as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act) will be taxable at 
applicable slab rates.  
 
• For foreign companies, profits (as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Income Tax Act) will be taxed in India at the rate of 35% 
(plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
• For other non -resident Shareholders, profits (as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act) will be taxed in India at the rate 
of 30% (plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
iii) No benefit of indexation by virtue of period of holding will be available in any 
case.  
 
iv) In terms of Section 36(1)(xv) of the Income Tax Act, STT paid by the non -
resident shareholder in respect of the taxable securities transactions entered 
into in the course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the 
amount of income chargeable under the head "Profit and gains of business or 
profession ". 
 
12. Other matters  
 
(a) MAT implications as per Section 115JB of the Income Tax Act will get triggered 
in the hands of a resident corporate shareholder (other than resident company 
which has opted for concessional tax regime under Section 115BAA or Section 
115BAB of the Income Tax Act). Foreign companies will not be subject to MAT 
if the country of residence of such foreign company has entered into a DTAA 
with India and such foreign company does not have a permanent 
establishment in India in terms of the DTAA. In case where the said conditions 
are not satisfied, MAT could be applicable to the foreign company and will need 
to be analysed depending on the facts of each case. In case of non -corporate 
shareholders, applicability of the provisions of Alternative Minimum Tax as per 
Section 115JC of the Income Tax Act  will also need to be analysed depending 
on facts of each case.  
 
(b) Submission of PAN and other details  
 
i) All Public Shareholders are required to submit their PAN along with self -
attested copy of the PAN card for income -tax purposes.  
 
ii) In absence of PAN for non -resident Public Shareholders, as per 
Notification No. 53 /2016, F.No.370 142/16/2016 -TPL, they shall furnish 
self-attested copy of documents containing the following details:  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 78 
 • Name, email Id, contact number;  
 
• Address in the country of residence;  
 
• Tax Residency Certificate ( "TRC") from the government of the country 
of residence, if the law of such country provides for issuance of such 
certificate; and  
 
• Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no 
such number is available, then a unique number on the basis of which 
such non -resident is identified by the government of the country of 
which he claims to be a resident.  
 
13. Tax Deduction at Source ( "TDS") 
 
i. On payment of consideration  
 
a) In case of resident shareholders:  
 
As on the date of filing this document, in absence of any specific provision under 
the Income Tax Act, the Acquirer is not required to deduct any taxes on the 
consideration payable to resident shareholders on purchase of listed Equity 
Shares under the Offe r under an off -market transaction.  
 
With effect from 1 July 2021, the Finance Act 2021 creates an obligation on the 
buyer of goods to withhold tax under Section 194Q of the Income Tax Act at the 
rate of 0.10% when buying goods from an Indian resident. The withholding 
obligation only exists w here the consideration paid / payable for goods 
purchased exceeds ₹ 50,00,000 and the buyer had a business turnover of more 
than ₹ 10,00,00,000 in the immediately preceding year. The term "goods " has 
not been defined and may cover shares. In the present ca se, the Acquirer does 
not have any turnover during previous financial year. Accordingly, the provisions 
of Section 194Q of the I ncome Tax  Act should not apply in the present case.  
 
Furthermore, as per Circular No 13 of 2021 dated June 30, 2021 issued by the 
CBDT, the provisions of Section 194Q of the Income Tax Act is not applicable 
to non -resident whose purchase of goods from Indian resident is not effectively 
connected with the permanent establishment in India. Therefore, in the absence 
of any permanent  establishment in India, the Acquirer and/or the PAC being 
non-resident in India is not required to deduct tax under Section 194Q of Income 
Tax Act on consideration payable to resident shareholders . 
 
The resident shareholders undertake to file their tax return in India inter -alia 
considering gains arising pursuant to the Open Offer. The resident shareholders 
undertake to fully indemnify the Acquirer and/or the PACs if any tax demand is 
raised on the Ac quirer and/or the PACs on account of income arising to the 
resident shareholders pursuant to the Open Offer. The resident shareholders 
also undertake to provide the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in 
respect of the taxability / nontaxability of t he proceeds pursuant to the Open 
Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, etc.  
 
b) In case of non -resident shareholders  
 
i) In case of FIIs / FPIs:  
 
Section 196D of Income Tax Act, provides for a specific exemption from 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 79 
 withholding tax at source from any income, by way of Capital Gains arising 
to an FII from the transfer of securities referred to in Section 115AD of the 
Income Tax Act. Thus, no withholding of tax is required in case of 
consideration payable to FIIs/FPIs, subject to the following conditions:  
 
• FIIs / FPIs furnishing the copy of the registration certificate issued by 
SEBI (including for subaccount of FII / FPI, if any);  
 
• FIIs / FPIs declaring that they have invested in the Equity Shares in 
accordance with the applicable SEBI regulations and will be liable to 
pay tax on their income as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act.  
 
If the above conditions are not satisfied, FIIs / FPIs may submit a valid and 
effective certificate for deduction of tax at a nil/lower rate issued by the 
income tax authorities under the Income Tax Act ( "TDC"), along with the 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the amount of tax 
to be deducted by the Acquirer before remitting the gross consideration. 
The Acquirer shall deduct tax in accordance with such TDC. In case a valid 
TDC is not submitted,  the Acquirer will arrange to deduct tax at the  
maximum marginal rate as applicable, on the consideration payable 
towards acquisition of the shares.  
 
ii) In case of non -resident shareholders (other than FIIs) holding Equity 
Shares of the Target Company:  
 
• Section 195(1) of the Income Tax Act provides that any person 
responsible for paying to a non -resident, any sum chargeable to tax is 
required to deduct tax at source (including applicable surcharge and 
cess). Subject to regulations in this regard, wherever  applicable and it 
is required to do so, tax at source (including applicable surcharge and 
cess) shall be deducted at appropriate rates as per the Income Tax 
Act read with the provisions of the relevant DTAA and MLI, if 
applicable. In doing this, the Acqui rer will be guided by generally 
followed practices and make use of data available in the records of the 
Registrar to the Offer except in cases where the non -resident 
shareholders provide a specific mandate in this regard.  
 
• While tendering shares under the Open Offer, all non -resident 
shareholders including NRIs / foreign shareholders shall be required 
to submit a valid certificate for deduction of tax at a NIL / lower rate 
issued by the income tax authorities under the Incom e Tax Act along 
with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the 
amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirer before remitting the 
consideration. The Acquirer will arrange to deduct taxes at source in 
accordance with such TDC only if it has been submitted along with the 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement and the same is valid 
and effective as of the date on which tax is required to be deducted at 
source.  
 
• In case TDC is not submitted requiring lower withholding of tax by non -
resident shareholders including NRIs / foreign shareholders or is 
otherwise not valid and effective as of the date on which tax is required 
to be deducted at source, the Acquirer will a rrange to deduct tax at the 
maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the relevant category 
to which the shareholder belongs under the Income Tax Act (i.e. 35% 
in case of foreign company  and 30% in case of all other category of 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 80 
 persons, plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess), 
on the gross consideration payable to such shareholder under the 
Open Offer.  
 
• The non -resident shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer 
and/or PACs if any tax demand is raised on the Acquirer and/or PACs 
on account of gains arising to the non -resident shareholders pursuant 
to the Open Offer. The non -resident shareholders als o undertake to 
provide the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the 
taxability / non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to the Open Offer, 
copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, documents, 
etc. 
 
ii. On payment of interest for delay in payment of consideration:  
 
(a) Where any interest is paid by the Acquirer to resident and non -resident 
shareholder for delay in receipt of statutory approvals as per Regulation 18(11) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or in accordance with Regulation 18(11A) of 
the SEBI (SAST) 58 Regulatio ns, the final decision to deduct tax or the quantum 
of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer depending on the 
settlement mechanism for such interest payments. In the event, the Acquirer 
decides to withhold tax, the same shall be basis the doc uments submitted along 
with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, or such additional 
documents as may be called for by the Acquirer. It is recommended that the 
shareholders consult their custodians / authorized dealers / tax advisors 
appropriately wi th respect to the taxability of such interest amount (including on 
the categorization of the interest, whether as capital gains or as other income).  
 
(b) Tax shall be deducted at source on gross amount of interest for delay in 
payment of the consideration at the applicable tax rate in accordance with the 
provisions of the Income Tax Act depending on category of the Public 
Shareholder. The shareholders shall  be required to submit a valid TDC at a NIL 
/ lower rate issued by the income tax authorities under the Income Tax Act along 
with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the amount of 
tax to be deducted by the Acquirer before payment of such  interest. In the event 
the Acquirer is held liable for the tax liability of the Public Shareholder, the same 
shall be to the account of the shareholder and to that extent the Acquirer should 
be indemnified by the shareholder.  
 
iii. In respect of overseas jurisdictions  
 
(a) Apart from the above, the Acquirer at its sole discretion may withhold tax in 
accordance with the tax laws applicable in the overseas jurisdictions where the 
non-resident Public Shareholder is a resident for tax purposes ( "Overseas 
Tax").  
 
(b) For this purpose, the non -resident Public Shareholder shall duly furnish a self - 
declaration stating the quantum of the Overseas Tax to be withheld as per the 
relevant tax laws of the country in which the non -resident Public Shareholder is 
a tax resident a nd the Acquirer will be entitled to rely on this representation at 
their sole discretion.  
 
(c) The non -resident Public Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer 
and/or the PAC if any tax demand is raised on the Acquirer and/or the PAC on 
account of gains arising to the non -resident shareholders pursuant to this Open 
Offer. The non -resident Pu blic Shareholders also undertake to provide the 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 81 
 Acquirer and/ or the PAC, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the 
taxability/non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax 
return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, etc.  
 
iv. Other withholding related provisions  
 
(a) If PAN is not furnished by a resident Public Shareholder or in case of a non -
resident Public Shareholder not having a PAN, the relevant details are not 
furnished, the Acquirer will arrange to deduct tax at least at the rate of 20% as 
per Section 206AA of the Income Tax Act or at such rate as applicable and 
provided above for each category of the Public Shareholders, whichever is 
higher. However, these pro visions of withholding taxes at higher rates will not 
apply in case of non -resident shareholder, if following documents are provided:  
 
• Name, email Id, contact number;  
• Address in the country of residence;  
• TRC from the government of the country of residence, if the law of such 
country provides for issuance of such certificate; and  
• Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no such 
number is available, then a unique number on the basis of which such non -
resident is identified by the government of the country of which he claims to 
be a resident.  
 
(b) In addition  to the tax deducted at source as per above para, applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess will be levied.  
 
14. Other points for consideration  
 
(a) Shareholders  who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the information 
/ documents, as applicable, all at once along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement and those that may be additionally requested for by the 
Acquirer. The documents submitted by t he shareholders along with the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement will be considered as final. Any further / 
delayed submission of additional documents, unless specifically requested by 
the Acquirer, may not be accepted.  
 
(b) The Acquirer will not take into consideration any other details and documents 
(including self -certified computation of tax liability or the computation of tax 
liability certified by any tax professionals including a chartered accountant, etc.) 
submitted by the Public Shareholder for deducting a lower amount of tax at 
source. In case of ambiguity, incomplete or conflicting information, the Acquirer 
will arrange to deduct tax at the applicable rate under the Income Tax Act on the 
gross amount.  
 
(c) Based on the documents and information submitted by the shareholder, the final 
decision to deduct tax or not, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely 
with the Acquirer  
 
(d) Taxes once deducted will not be refunded by the Acquirer under any 
circumstances  
 
(e) The Acquirer shall deduct tax (if required) as per the information provided and 
representation made by the shareholders. In the event of any income tax 
demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, 
inaccuracy or omission of  information provided / to be provided by the 
shareholders, such shareholders will be responsible to pay such income tax 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 82 
 demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer with all 
information / documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any 
proceedings before any income tax / appellate authority. The Shareholders 
undertake to indemnify the Acquirer i f any tax demand is raised on the Acquirer 
on account of payment made to the Shareholders pursuant to the Open Offer  
 
(f) The tax deducted by the Acquirer while making the payment to a shareholder 
under the Open Offer may not be the final liability of such shareholders and shall 
in no way discharge the obligation of the shareholders to appropriately disclose 
the amount receiv ed by it, pursuant to the Open Offer, before the income tax 
authorities. The rate at which tax is required to be deducted is based on the tax 
laws prevailing as on the date of this Letter of offer. If there is any change in the 
tax laws with regards to wit hholding tax rates as on the date of deduction of tax, 
the tax will be deducted at the rates applicable at the time of deduction of tax  
 
(g) All shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that 
may be given by their respective assessing officers in their case, and the 
appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirer, the PACs and 
the Manager to the O pen Offer do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy 
or otherwise of such advice. The aforesaid treatment of tax deduction at source 
may not necessarily be the treatment also for filing the return of income.  
 
(h) The Acquirer, PAC and the Manager to the Open Offer do not accept any 
responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions set forth herein 
above.  
 
15. Rate of Surcharge and Cess:  
 
In addition to the basic tax rate, applicable surcharge, health and education cess are 
currently leviable as under:  
 
(a) Surcharge  
 
i) In case of domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable (i) at the rate of 12% 
on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 10 crore and (ii) at the 
rate of 7% on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore but 
does not exceed ₹ 10 crore, fo r companies not opting for tax regime under 
Section 115BAA and Section 115BAB of the Income Tax Act.  
 
ii) In case of domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax 
regime either under Section 115BAA or Section 115BAB of the Income Tax 
Act : Surcharge is leviable at the rate of 10% on the income -tax.  
iii) In case of companies other than domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable 
(i) at the rate of 5% on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 10 
crore and (ii) at the rate of 2% on the income -tax where the total income 
exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does not e xceed ₹ 10 crore.  
 
iv) In case of individuals, HUF, AOP, BOI:  
• Surcharge at the rate of 10% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 50 lakh but does not exceed INR 1 crore.  
 
• Surcharge at the rate of 15% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 1 crore but does not exceed INR 2 crore.  
 
• Surcharge at the rate of 25% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 2 crore but does not exceed INR 5 crore.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 83 
  
• Surcharge at the rate of 37% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 5 crore.  
 
v) However, for the purpose of income chargeable under Section 111A, 
Section 112, Section 112A and Section 115AD(1)(b) of the Income Tax Act 
(i.e. for income chargeable to tax under the head capital gains), the 
surcharge rate shall not exceed 15%.  
 
vi) Surcharge is capped at 25% for eligible taxpayers opting for new tax regime 
under Section 115BAC of the Income Tax Act.  
 
vii) In case of Firm and Local Authority: Surcharge is leviable at the rate of 12% 
on income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore.  
 
viii) Further, in case of an AOP (which only has companies as its members), 
surcharge rate shall not exceed 15%  
 
(b) Cess  - Health and education cess is currently leviable in all cases at the rate of 
4% on the sum of income -tax and surcharge.  
 
16. Tax deducted certificate:  
 
The Acquirer and/or the PAC will issue a certificate in the prescribed form to the 
Public Shareholders (resident and non -resident) who have been paid the 
consideration and interest for delay in payment of consideration, if any, after 
deduction of tax on th e same, certifying the amount of tax deducted and other 
prescribed particulars in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act read 
with the Income - tax Rules, 1962 (as amended) made thereunder.  
 
THE TAX RATES AND OTHER PROVISIONS MAY UNDERGO CHANGES. THE ABOVE 
NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER 
ONLY AND DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF 
ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY SHARES. 
THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY RE GULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY 
ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE 
COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO YOUR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.  
 
APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RELEVANT LAWS IN INDIA (SUCH AS STAMP DUTY, 
ETC.) SHALL DEPEND ON FACTS OF EACH CASE AND PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS 
SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN ADVISORS FOR THE SAME.  
 
Part B – If the tendering is pursuant to Paragraph 9 of Section VIII (Procedure for 
Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer), i.e. in the event the Acquirer and/or PAC have 
acquired control over the Target Company in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period  
 
General  
 
1. STT 
 
As the tendering of Equity Shares is being undertaken on the stock exchange, such 
transaction will be chargeable to STT. Currently, the STT rate applicable on the 
purchase and sale of shares on the stock exchange is 0.1% of the value of security 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 84 
 transacted.  
 
2. Income tax  
 
(a) The basis of charge of Indian income -tax depends upon the residential status of 
the taxpayer during a tax year. The Indian tax year runs from April 1 until March 
31. A person who is an Indian tax resident is liable to income -tax in India on such 
person 's worldwide income, subject to certain tax exemptions, which are provided 
under the Income Tax Act  as amended from time to time. A person who is treated 
as a non -resident for Indian income -tax purposes is generally subject to tax in India 
only on such person' s India -sourced income (i.e. income which accrues or arises 
or deemed to accrue or arise in India) and also income received by such person in 
India (including income deemed to be received in India). In case of shares of a 
company, the source of income from  shares will depend on the "situs" of such 
shares. As per judicial precedents, the "situs" of the shares is where a company is 
"incorporated" and where its shares can be transferred.  
 
(b) Accordingly, since the Target Company is incorporated in India, the Target 
Company's shares should be deemed to be "situated " in India and any gains arising 
to a non -resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India under the 
Income Tax Act .  
 
(c) Further, the non -resident shareholder can avail beneficial treatment under the 
DTAA between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder is 
tax resident subject to satisfying relevant conditions including but not limited to (a) 
conditions  (if any) present in the said Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement 
("DTAA ") read with the relevant provisions of the Multilateral Instrument ( "MLI") as 
ratified by India with the respective country of which the said shareholder is a tax 
resident and (b) non -applicability of General Anti Avoidance Rule ( "GAAR ") and (c) 
providing and maintaining necessary information and documents as prescribed 
under the Income Tax Act .  
 
(d) The Income Tax Act  also provides for different income -tax regimes/ rates 
applicable to the gains arising from the acceptance of shares under the Open Offer, 
based on the period of holding, residential status, classification of the shareholder 
and nature of the income earned , etc.  
 
(e) The shareholders may be required to undertake compliances such as filing an 
annual income tax return, as may be applicable to different categories of persons, 
with the income tax authorities, reporting their income for the relevant year.  
 
(f) The summary of income -tax implications on tendering of listed Equity Shares o n 
the recognized stock exchange in India is set out below. All references to Equity 
Share s herein refer s to listed Equity Share s unless stated otherwise . 
 
3. Classification of Shareholders:  
 
Public Shareholders can be classified under the following categories:  
 
(a) Resident shareholders being:  
 
i) Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family ( "HUF"), Association of Persons ( "AOP ") 
and Body of Individuals ( "BOI") 
 
ii) Others  
• Company  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 85 
 • Other than company  
 
(b) Non-resident shareholders being:  
 
i) Non-Resident Indians (NRIs)  
 
ii) Foreign Institution Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
 
iii) Others:  
• Company  
• Other than company  
 
4. Classification of Income : 
 
Shares can be classified under the following 2 categories : 
 
(a) Shares held as investment: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable under 
the head "Capital Gains " 
 
(b) Shares held as stock -in-trade: Income arising from transfer of shares taxable under 
the head "Profits and Gains from Business or Profession ". 
 
5. Taxability of Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders : 
 
(a) Gains arising from the transfer of shares may be treated either as "capital gains " 
or as "business income " for income -tax purposes, depending upon whether such 
shares were held as a capital asset or a trading asset (i.e. stock -in-trade). Public 
Shareholders may also refer to Circular No. 6/2016 dated 29 February 2016 issued 
by the Central Board of Direct Taxes  ("CBDT ") in this regard.  
 
(b) As per the current provisions of the Income Tax Act , where the shares are held as 
investments (i.e. capital assets), the income arising from the transfer of such 
shares is taxable under the head "Capital Gains ".  
 
(c) In view of the definition of 'capital asset ' provided in Section 2(14) of the Income 
Tax Act , shares held by all FIIs (and their sub – account) or FPIs registered under 
the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 are to be treated as 
'capital asset '. Further, considering the amendments made by the Finance Act, 
2025 in the definition of "capital asset ", the shares held by an "investment fund " 
specified in clause (a) of Explanation 1 to Section 115UB of Income Tax Act , are 
also to be treated as 'capital assets '.  
 
(d) Capital Gains in the hands of shareholders would be computed as per the 
provisions of Section 48 of the Income Tax Act  and the rate of income -tax would 
depend on the period of holding  
 
6. Period  of Holding : 
 
Depending on the period for which the Equity Shares are held, the gains if treated as 
"Capital Gains ", would be taxable as "short -term capital gain / STCG " or "long-term 
capital gain/ LTC G": 
 
(a) In respect of equity shares held for a period less than or equal to 12 (twelve) months 
prior to the date of transfer, the same should be treated as a "short -term capital 
asset ", and accordingly the gains arising therefrom should be taxable as "STCG ".  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 86 
 (b) Similarly, where equity shares are held for a period more than 12 (twelve) months 
prior to the date of transfer, the same should be treated as a "long-term capital 
asset ", and accordingly the gains arising therefrom should be taxable as "LTCG ". 
 
7. Tendering of Equity Shares in the Offer through a Recognized Stock Exchange in 
India : 
 
Where a transaction for transfer of such Equity Shares (i.e. acceptance under the Open 
offer) is transacted through a Recognized Stock Exchange and is chargeable to STT, 
then the taxability will be as under (for all categories of Public Shareholders):  
 
(a) As per the current provisions of the Income Tax Act , LTCG arising from transfer of 
Equity Shares referred under Section 112A exceeding INR 1,25,000 (Rupees One 
Lakh Twenty Five Thousand) will be taxed at the rate of 12.50% (Twelve Point Five 
Percent) provided the same has been subjected to STT, upon acquis ition and sale.  
 
However, Section 112A of the Income Tax Act  shall not apply if such equity shares 
were acquired on or after 1 October 2004 and securities Transaction Tax ( 'STT 
under Chapter VII of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 2004 ') was not paid. In this regard, 
the Central Government has issued a notification no. 60/2018/F. No. 
370142/9/2017 -TPL dated 1 October 2018, providing certain situations wherein 
Section 112A of the Income Tax Act  will continue to be applicable even if STT is 
not paid at the time of acquisition of equity shares. The notification provides for the 
following situations:  
 
i. Where acquisition of existing listed equity shares in a company, whose equity 
shares are not frequently traded on recognised stock exchanges of India, was 
made through a preferential issue, subject to certain exceptions;  
 
ii. Where transaction for acquisition of existing listed equity share in a company 
was not entered through recognised stock exchanges of India, subject to certain 
exceptions; and  
 
iii. Acquisition of equity share of a company during the period beginning from the 
date on which the company was delisted from recognised stock exchanges and 
ending on the date on which the company was again listed on recognised stock 
exchanges in accordance wi th the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
read with the SEBI Act and any rules made thereunder.  
 
In terms of the said notification, STT need not have been paid on acquisition of 
shares (that are frequently traded) and still be eligible for claim of Section 112A of 
the Income Tax Act  benefit in the following situations:  
 
i. Acquisition by scheduled banks, reconstruction or securitisation companies or 
public financial institutions during their ordinary course of business;  
 
ii. Acquisitions approved by the Supreme Court, High Courts, National Company 
Law Tribunal, SEBI or RBI;  
 
iii. Acquisitions under employee stock option scheme or employee stock purchase 
scheme framed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee 
Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 
1999;  
 
iv. Acquisition by any non -resident in accordance with foreign direct investment 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 87 
 guidelines of the Government of India;  
 
v. Acquisition in accordance with SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011;  
 
vi. Acquisition from the Government;  
 
vii. Acquisition by an investment fund referred to in clause (a) to Explanation 1 to 
Section 115UB of the Income Tax Act  or a venture capital fund referred to in 
clause (23FB) of Section 10 of the Income Tax Act  or a Qualified Institutional 
Buyer; and  
 
viii. Acquisition by mode of transfer referred to in Section 47 or Section 50B or 
sub- section (3) of Section 45 or subsection (4) of Section 45 of the Income Tax 
Act, if the previous owner or the transferor, as the case may be, of such shares 
has not acquired them by any mode referred to in clause (A) or clause (B) or 
clause (C) other than the transactions referred to in the proviso to clause (C) or 
clause (B).  
 
(b) LTCG, as computed u nder section  112A, will not be liable to tax if it is not exceeding 
INR 1,25,000 (Rupees One Lakh Twenty -Five Thousand only)  
 
(c) The cost of acquisition will be computed in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 55 read with Section 112A of the Income Tax Act. In terms of Section 55 
read with Section 112A of the Income Tax Act, if investments were made on or 
before January 31, 20 18, a method of determining the cost of acquisition of such 
investments has been specifically laid down such that gains up to January 31, 2018 
are grandfathered (not taxed). To clarify, if the equity shares on which STT is paid 
were acquired prior to Janua ry 31, 2018, the cost of acquisition of such shares 
should be higher of :  
 
i. Actual cost of acquisition; or  
ii. Lower of: (A) fair market value as on January 31, 2018, and (B) full value of 
consideration received or accruing as a result of the transfer of the shares 
('actual sale consideration ').  
 
Fair market value has been defined to mean the highest price of the equity shares 
quoted on any recognized stock exchange on January 31, 2018.  
 
(d) Where provisions of Section 112A of the Income Tax Act  are not applicable (for 
example where STT was not paid at the time of acquisition of the Equity Shares):  
 
i. In the case of a resident Public Shareholder and non -resident Public 
Shareholder (other than an FPI/FII, or an NRI  who is governed by the provisions 
of Chapter XII -A of the Income Tax Act ), LTCG will be chargeable to tax at the 
rate of 12.5% (Twelve Point Five Percent) in accordance with provisions of 
Section 112 of the Income Tax Act .  
 
In case of resident Individual or HUF, the benefit of maximum amount which is 
not chargeable to income -tax is to be considered while computing the income -
tax on such LTCG . 
 
ii. In the case of FIIs/FPIs, LTCG would be chargeable to tax at the rate of 1 2.5% 
(Twelve Point Five Percent ) in accordance with provisions of Section 115AD of 
the Income Tax Act  (without benefit of foreign exchange under the first proviso 
to Section 48 of the I ncome Tax  Act fluctuation).  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 88 
 iii. In case of NRI who is governed by the provisions of Chapter XII -A of the Income 
Tax Act , LTCG would be chargeable to tax at the rate of 12.5% (Twelve Point 
Five Percent) under Section 115E of the Income Tax Act  on meeting certain 
conditions. While computing the LTCG, the benefit of foreign exchange 
fluctuation in accordance with first proviso to Section 48 of the Income Tax Act  
is available subject to meeting certain conditions  
 
(e) No deduction under Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing LTCG subject to 
tax under Section 112 or Section 112A or Section 115AD of the Income Tax Act . 
 
(f) The benefit of indexation under second proviso to section 48 of the Income Tax Act  
shall not be available on any LTCG arising to Public Shareholder from transfer of 
Equity Shares under this Offer . 
 
(g) Long term capital loss computed for a given year is allowed to be set -off only 
against LTCG computed for the said year, in terms of Section 70 of the Income Tax 
Act. The balance loss, which is not set off, is allowed to be carried forward for 
subsequent  8 (eight ) assessment years, for being set off only against subsequent 
years ' LTCG, in terms of Section 74 of the Income Tax Act .  
 
(h) As per the current provisions of the Income Tax Act , STCG arising from such 
transaction, which is subject to STT, would be subject to tax at the rate of 20% 
(Twenty Percent) under Section 111A of the Income Tax Act . In case of resident 
Individual or HUF, the benefit of maximum amount which is not chargeable to 
income -tax is to be considered while computing the income -tax on such STCG 
taxable under Section 111A of the Income Tax Act . Further, no deduction under 
Chapter VI -A would be allowed in computing STCG subject to tax under Section 
111A of the Income Ta x Act .  
 
(i) Under Section 115AD(1)(ii) of the Income Tax Act , STCG arising to a FIIs/FPIs on 
transfer of shares (STT paid) will be chargeable at the rate of 20% (Twenty 
Percent).  
(j) As per Section 70 of the Income Tax Act , short term capital loss computed for a 
given year is allowed to be set off against STCG as well as LTCG computed for the 
said year. The balance loss, which is not set off, is allowed to be carried forward 
for subsequent 8 (eight ) assessment years, for being set -off against subsequent 
years ' STCG as well as LTCG, in terms of Section 74 of the Income Tax Act .  
 
(k) Non-resident Public Shareholders can avail benefits of the DTAA between India 
and the respective country of which the said non -resident shareholder is tax 
resident subject to fulfilling of the relevant conditions including, but not limited to, 
those set ou t in limitation of benefits provisions present in the said DTAA, if any, 
non-applicability of GAAR, conditions under MLI as ratified by India with the 
respective country of which the said non -resident Public Shareholders is tax 
resident and providing and m aintaining necessary information and documents as 
prescribed under the Income Tax Act . 
 
(l) The income tax payable by a Public Shareholder has to be increased by the amount 
of surcharge and health and education cess as may be applicable in respective 
cases.  
 
8. In case of Investment Funds  - Under Section 10(23FBA) of the Income Tax Act, any 
income of an Investment Fund, other than the income chargeable under the head 
"Profits and gains of business or profession " would be exempt from income tax but 
would be taxable in the hands of their investors. For this purpose, an "Investment Fund " 
means  a fund registered as Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund and 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 89 
 is regulated under the  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternate Investment 
Fund) Regulations, 2012 or regulated  under the International Financial Services 
Centres Authority (Fund Management) Regulations, 2022 . 
 
9. In case of Mutual Funds  – Under  Section 10(23D) of the Income Tax Act , any income 
of mutual funds registered under SEBI or Regulations  made thereunder or mutual funds 
set up by public sector banks or public financial institutions or mutual  funds authorized 
by the RBI and subject to the conditions specified therein, is exempt from tax subject  to 
such conditions as the Central Government may by notification in the Official Gazette, 
specify in this  behalf . 
 
10. In case  of Others  - There may be certain other categories of Public Shareholders who 
may be eligible for exemption from capital gain (LTCG and/or STCG) under Chapter III 
of the Income Tax Act  subject to conditions prescribed under the relevant provisions of 
the Income Tax Act.  
 
11. Taxability  of Business Income in the hands of the Shareholders :  
 
If the shares are held as stock -in-trade by any of the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company, then  the gains will be characterized as business income and taxable under 
the head "Profits and Gains from  Business or Profession ". 
 
Resident shareholders  
 
i) Profits of:  
 
• Individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI will be taxable at applicable slab rates.  
 
• Domestic companies having turnover or gross receipts not exceeding ₹ 400 crore 
in the relevant financial year as prescribed will be taxable at the rate of 25% (plus 
applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
• Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act  will be taxable at the rate of 22% (plus 
applicable surcharge and health and education cess), if the conditions of Section 
115BAA of the Income Tax Act  are met.  
 
• Domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime under 
Section 115BAB will be taxable at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and 
health and education cess) if conditions of Section 115BAB are met, else at the 
rate of 22% (plus applica ble surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
• For persons other than stated above, profits will be taxable at the rate of 30% 
(plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
ii) No benefit of indexation by virtue of period of holding will be available in any case.  
 
iii) In terms of Section 36(1)(xv) of the Income Tax Act, STT paid by the  shareholder in 
respect of the taxable securities transactions entered into in the course of his 
business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of income chargeable 
under the head "Profit and gains of business or profession ". 
 
Non-resident shareholders  
 
i) Non-resident shareholders can apply the relevant provisions of the applicable DTAA 
read with the MLI, entered into by India with the relevant country of which the said 
shareholder is tax resident, subject to fulfilling relevant conditions (including the non -
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 90 
 applicability of GAAR) and maintaining & providing necessary documents prescribed 
under the Income Tax Act .  
 
ii) Where DTAA provisions are not applicable:  
 
• For non -resident individuals, HUF, AOP and BOI, profits (as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act ) will be taxable at 
applicable slab rates.  
 
• For foreign companies, profits (as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of the Income Tax Act ) will be taxed in India at the rate of 35% (plus applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
• For other non -resident Shareholders, profits (as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of the Income Tax Act ) will be taxed in India at the rate of 30% 
(plus applicable surcharge and health and education cess).  
 
iii) No benefit of indexation by virtue of period of holding will be available in any case.  
 
iv) In terms of Section 36(1)(xv) of the Income Tax Act, STT paid by the non -resident 
shareholder in respect of the taxable securities transactions entered into in the 
course of his business would be eligible for deduction from the amount of income 
chargeable under the head "Profit and gains of business or profession ". 
 
12. Other matters:  
 
a. MAT implications as per Section 115JB of the Income Tax Act  will get triggered in 
the hands of a resident corporate shareholder (other than resident company which 
has opted for concessional tax regime under Section 115BAA or Section 115BAB 
of the Income Tax Act ). Foreign companies will not be subject to MAT if the country 
of residence of such foreign company has entered into a DTAA with India and such 
foreign company does not have a permanent establishment in India in terms of the 
DTAA. In case where the said co nditions are not satisfied, MAT could be applicable 
to the foreign company and will need to be analysed depending on the facts of 
each case. In case of non -corporate shareholders, applicability of the provisions of 
Alternative Minimum Tax as per Section 11 5JC of the Income Tax Act  will also 
need to be analysed depending on facts of each case . 
 
b. Submission of PAN and other details  
 
i) All Public Shareholders are required to submit their PAN along with self -attested 
copy of the PAN card for income -tax purposes.  
 
ii) In absence of PAN for non -resident Public Shareholders, as per Notification No. 
53 /2016, F.No.370 142/16/2016 -TPL, they shall furnish self -attested copy of 
documents containing the following details:  
 
• Name, email Id, contact number;  
 
• Address in the country of residence;  
 
• Tax Residency Certificate ( "TRC") from the government of the country of 
residence, if the law of such country provides for issuance of such certificate; 
and 
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 91 
 • Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no such 
number is available, then a unique number on the basis of which such non -
resident is identified by the government of the country of which he claims to 
be a resident  
 
13. Tax Deduction at Source  ("TDS") 
 
(A) On payment of consideration  
 
a) In case of resident shareholders:  
 
As on the date of filing this document, in absence of any specific provision under  
the Income Tax Act , the Acquirer is not required to deduct any taxes on the 
consideration payable  to resident shareholders on purchase of listed Equity Shares 
under the Offer under an  on-market transaction.  
 
With effect from 1 July 2021, the Finance Act 2021 creates an obligation on the 
buyer  of goods to withhold tax under Section 194Q of the Income Tax Act  at the 
rate of 0.10% when  buying goods from an Indian resident. The withholding 
obligation only exists where  the consideration paid / payable for goods purchased 
exceeds ₹ 50,00,000 and the buyer  had a business turnover of more than ₹ 
10,00,00,000 in the immediately preceding year.  The term "goods " has not been 
defined and may cover shares. In the present ca se, the  Acquirer does not have 
any turnover during previous financial year. Accordingly, the  provisions of Section 
194Q of the I ncome Tax  Act should not apply in the present case.  
 
Furthermore, a s per Circular No 13 of 2021 dated June 30, 2021 issued by the 
CBDT, the provisions of Section 194Q of the Income Tax Act  are not applicable  
where the transactions in securities and commodities are traded  through 
recognized stock exchange.  Therefore, the Acquirer and/or the PAC is not required 
to deduct  tax under Section 194Q of Income Tax Act  on consideration payable to 
resident shareholders . Also, as per the aforesaid Circular, the provisions of section 
194Q are not application to non -reside nt shareholders in case where the purchase 
of goods from Indian resident ins not effectively connected with the permanent 
establishment in India. Therefore, in absence of any permanent establishment in 
India, the Acquirer and / or the PAC is not required t o deduct tax under Section 
194Q on consideration payable to resident shareholders.  
 
The resident shareholders undertake to file their tax return in India inter -alia 
considering gains arising pursuant to the Open Offer. The resident shareholders  
undertake to fully indemnify the Acquirer and/or the PACs if any tax demand is 
raised  on the Acquirer and/or the PACs on account of income arising to the resident  
shareholders pursuant to the Open Offer. The resident shareholders also 
undertake to  provide the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the 
taxability / nontaxability of t he proceeds pursuant to the Open Offer, copy of tax 
return filed in India,  evidence of the tax paid, etc . 
 
b) In case of non-resident shareholders  
 
i) In case of FIIs / FPIs:  
 
Section 196D of Income Tax Act , provides for a specific exemption from 
withholding tax at source from any income, by way of Capital Gains arising to 
an FII from the transfer of securities referred to in Section 115AD of the Income 
Tax Act . Thus, no withholding of tax is required in case of consideration payable 
to FIIs/FPIs .  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 92 
  
ii) In case  of non -resident shareholders (other than FIIs) holding Equity Shares of 
the Target Company  
 
• Section 195(1) of the Income Tax Act  provides that any person responsible 
for paying to a non -resident, any sum chargeable to tax is required to 
deduct tax at source (including applicable surcharge and cess). Subject to 
regulations in this regard, wherever applicable and it is required to do  so, 
tax at source (including applicable surcharge and cess) shall be deducted 
at appropriate rates as per the Income Tax Act  read with the provisions of 
the relevant DTAA and MLI, if applicable. In doing this, the Acqui rer will be 
guided by generally followed practices and make use of data available in 
the records of the Registrar to the Offer except in cases where the non -
resident shareholders provide a specific mandate in this regard . 
 
• However, the Acquirer will not be able to deduct income -tax at source on 
the consideration payable to such non -resident Public Shareholders as 
there is no ability for the Acquirer to deduct taxes since the 
remittance/payment will be routed through the stoc k exchange, and there 
will be no direct payment by the Acquirer to the non -resident Public 
Shareholders . 
 
• Since tendering of the Equity Shares under the Offer is through the stock 
exchange, the responsibility of discharging the tax due on the gains (if any) 
is primarily on the non -resident Public Shareholder. The non -resident 
Public Shareholder must compute such gains (if any) on this transaction 
and immediately pay applicable taxes in India, if applicable, in consultation 
with their custodians/authorized dealers/tax advisors appropriately. The 
non-resident Public Shar eholders must file their tax return in Indi a, inter 
alia, considering gains arising pursuant to this Offer in consultation with 
their tax advisors . 
 
• The non -resident Public Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer 
and/ or the PAC if any tax demand is raised on the Acquirer and/or the 
PAC on account of income arising to the non -resident Public Shareholders 
pursuant to this Open Offer. The non -resident Public Shareholders also 
undertake to provide the Acquirer and/ or the PAC, on demand, the 
relevant details in respect of the taxability/non -taxability of the proceeds 
pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of 
the tax paid, etc.  
 
(B) On payment of interest for delay in payment of consideration:  
 
(a) Where any interest is paid by the Acquirer to resident and non -resident 
shareholder for delay in receipt of statutory approvals as per Regulation 
18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or in accordance with Regulation 
18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) 58 Regulations, the final decision to deduct tax 
or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer 
depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments. In the 
event, the Acquirer decides to withhold tax, the same shall be basis the 
documents submitted along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement, or such additional documents as may be called for by the 
Acquirer. It is recommended that the shareholders consult their custodians / 
authorized dealers / tax advisors appropriately with respect to the taxability of 
such interest amount (including on the categorization of the interest, wheth er 
as capital gains or as other income).  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 93 
  
(b) Tax shall be deducted at source on gross amount of interest for delay in 
payment of the consideration at the applicable tax rate in accordance with the 
provisions of the Income Tax Act  depending on category of the Public 
Shareholder. The shareholders shall be required to submit a valid TDC at a 
NIL / lower rate issued by the income tax authorities under the Income Tax 
Act along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, indicating the 
amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirer before payment of such  interest. 
In the event the Acquirer is held liable for the tax liability of the Public 
Shareholder, the same shall be to the account of the shareholder and to that 
extent the Acquirer should be indemnified by the shareholder . 
 
(C) In respect of overseas jurisdictions  
 
(a) Apart from the above, the Acquirer at its sole discretion may withhold tax in 
accordance with the tax laws applicable in the overseas jurisdictions where 
the non -resident Public Shareholder is a resident for tax purposes ( "Overseas 
Tax").  
 
(b) For this purpose, the non -resident Public Shareholder shall duly furnish a self - 
declaration stating the quantum of the Overseas Tax to be withheld as per the 
relevant tax laws of the country in which the non-resident  Public Shareholder 
is a tax resident and the Acquirer will be entitled to rely on this representation 
at their sole discretion.  
 
(c) The non -resident Public Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer 
and/or the PAC if any tax demand is raised on the Acquirer and/or the PAC 
on account of gains arising to the non -resident shareholders pursuant to this 
Open Offer. The non -resident Pu blic Shareholders also undertake to provide 
the Acquirer  and/ or the PAC, on demand, the relevant details in respect of 
the taxability/non -taxability of the proceeds pursuant to this Open Offer, copy 
of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid, etc . 
 
(D) Other withholding related provisions  
 
(a) If PAN is not furnished by a resident Public Shareholder or in case of a non -
resident Public Shareholder not having a PAN, the relevant details are not 
furnished, the Acquirer will arrange to deduct tax at least at the rate of 20% as 
per Section 206AA of t he Income Tax Act  or at such rate as applicable and 
provided above for each category of the Public Shareholders, whichever is 
higher. However, these provisions of withholding taxes at higher rates will not 
apply in case of non-resident shareholder , if foll owing documents are 
provided:  
 
• Name, email Id, contact number;  
• Address in the country of residence;  
• TRC from the government of the country of residence, if the law of such 
country provides for issuance of such certificate; and  
• Tax identification number in the country of residence, and in case no such 
number is available, then a unique number on the basis of which such 
non-resident is identified by the government of the country of which he 
claims to be a resident.  
 
(b) In addition  to the tax deducted at source as per above para, applicable 
surcharge and health and education cess will be levied.  
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 94 
 14. Other points for consideration  
 
(a) Shareholders  who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the information 
/ documents, as applicable, all at once along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement and those that may be additionally requested for by the 
Acquirer. The documents submitted by t he shareholders along with the Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement will be considered as final. Any further / 
delayed submission of additional documents, unless specifically requested by the 
Acquirer, may not be accepted.  
 
(b) The Acquirer will not take into consideration any other details and documents 
(including self -certified computation of tax liability or the computation of tax liability 
certified by any tax professionals including a chartered accountant, etc.) submitted 
by the Public Shareholder for deducting a lower amount of tax at source. In case 
of ambiguity, incomplete or conflicting information, the Acquirer will arrange to 
deduct tax at the applicable rate under the Income Tax Act on the gross amount.  
(c) Based on the documents and information submitted by the shareholder, the final 
decision to deduct tax or not, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely 
with the Acquirer  
 
(d) Taxes once deducted will not be refunded by the Acquirer under any circumstances  
 
(e) The Acquirer shall deduct tax (if required) as per the information provided and 
representation made by the shareholders. In the event of any income tax demand 
(including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or 
omission of  information provided / to be provided by the shareholders, such 
shareholders will be responsible to pay such income tax demand (including 
interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer with all information / documents 
that may be necessary and co -opera te in any proceedings before any income tax 
/ appellate authority. The Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer if any 
tax demand is raised on the Acquirer on account of payment made to the 
Shareholders pursuant to the Open Offer  
 
(f) The tax deducted by the Acquirer while making the payment to a shareholder under 
the Open Offer may not be the final liability of such shareholders and shall in no 
way discharge the obligation of the shareholders to appropriately disclose the 
amount receiv ed by it, pursuant to the Open Offer, before the income tax 
authorities. The rate at which tax is required to be deducted is based on the tax 
laws prevailing as on the date of this Letter of offer. If there is any change in the 
tax laws with regards to wit hholding tax rates as on the date of deduction of tax, 
the tax will be deducted at the rates applicable at the time of deduction of tax  
 
(g) All shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors for the treatment that may 
be given by their respective assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate 
course of action that they should take. The Acquirer, the PACs and the Manager 
to the O pen Offer do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of 
such advice. The aforesaid treatment of tax deduction at source may not 
necessarily be the treatment also for filing the return of income.  
 
(h) The Acquirer, PAC and the Manager to the Open Offer do not accept any 
responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions set forth herein 
above.  
 
15. Rate of Surcharge  and Cess : 
 
In addition to the basic tax rate, applicable surcharge, health and education cess are 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 95 
 currently leviable  as under:  
 
(a) Surcharge  
 
i) In case of domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable (i) at the rate of 12% on 
the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 10 crore and (ii) at the rate 
of 7% on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does 
not exceed ₹ 10 crore, fo r companies not opting for tax regime under Section 
115BAA and Section 115BAB of the Income Tax Act .  
 
ii) In case of domestic companies which have opted for concessional tax regime 
either under Section 115BAA or Section 115BAB of the Income Tax Act  : 
Surcharge is leviable at the rate of 10% on the income -tax.  
 
iii) In case of companies other than domestic companies: Surcharge is leviable 
(i) at the rate of 5% on the income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 10 
crore and (ii) at the rate of 2% on the income -tax where the total income 
exceeds ₹ 1 crore but does not e xceed ₹ 10 crore.  
 
iv) In case of individuals, HUF, AOP, BOI:  
• Surcharge at the rate of 10% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 50 lakh but does not exceed INR 1 crore.  
 
• Surcharge at the rate of 15% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 1 crore but does not exceed INR 2 crore.  
 
• Surcharge at the rate of 25% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 2 crore but does not exceed INR 5 crore.  
 
• Surcharge at the rate of 37% is leviable where the total income exceeds 
INR 5 crore.  
 
v) However, for the purpose of income chargeable under Section 111A, Section 
112, Section 112A and Section 115AD(1)(b) of the Income Tax Act (i.e. for 
income chargeable to tax under the head capital gains), the surcharge rate 
shall not exceed 15%.  
 
vi) Surcharge is capped at 25% for eligible taxpayers opting for new tax regime 
under Section 115BAC of the Income Tax Act.  
 
vii) In case of Firm and Local Authority: Surcharge is leviable at the rate of 12% 
on income -tax where the total income exceeds ₹ 1 crore.  
 
viii) Further, in case of an AOP (which only has companies as its members), 
surcharge rate shall not exceed 15%  
 
(b) Cess  - Health and education cess is currently leviable in all cases at the rate of 4% 
on the sum of income -tax and surcharge . 
 
16. Tax deducted certificate:  
 
The Acquirer and/or the PAC will issue a certificate in the prescribed form to the Public 
Shareholders (resident and non -resident) who have been paid the consideration and 
interest for delay in payment of consideration, if any, after deduction of tax on the same, 
certifying the amou nt of tax deducted and other prescribed particulars in accordance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act read with the Income - tax Rules, 1962 (as 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 96 
 amended) made thereunder.  
 
In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) raised on the 
Acquirer and/ or the PAC due to this Open Offer or due to any misrepresentation, inaccuracy 
or omission of information provided / to be provided by Public Shareholders,  such Public 
Shareholders will be responsible to pay such income tax demand (including interest, penalty, 
etc.) and provide the Acquirer and/or the PAC with all information / documents that may be 
necessary and co -operate in any proceedings before any inco me tax / appellate authority, at 
the cost of such Public Shareholder.  
 
In the event of any outstanding tax proceedings or any outstanding demand pending against 
the Public Shareholders renders the transfer of shares under this Offer or render the 
transaction of transfer of shares under this Offer as void under Section 281 of the Income 
Tax Act , such Public Shareholders undertake to indemnify the Acquirer and/or the PAC 
against all losses or damages or liabilities which may be suffered or incurred by Acquirer 
and/or the PAC . 
 
THE TAX RATES AND OTHER PROVISIONS MAY UNDERGO CHANGES. THE ABOVE NOTE 
ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND 
DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF ALL POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF EQUITY  SHARES. THIS NOTE IS NEITHER 
BINDING ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL 
NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, 
YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS 
APPLICABLE TO Y OUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES . 
 
APPLICABILITY OF OTHER RELEVANT LAWS IN INDIA (SUCH AS STAMP DUTY, ETC.) 
SHALL DEPEND ON FACTS OF EACH CASE AND PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN ADVISORS FOR THE SAME.  
 
X. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection to the Public 
Shareholders at the registered office of the Manager to the Offer at 1202, 12th Floor, First 
International Financial Centre, G -Block Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 
400098 , between 10:30 AM and 3:00 PM on any Working Day (except Saturdays and 
Sundays) during the period from the date of commencement of the Tendering Period until 
the date of closure of the Tendering Period . Copies of the following documents will also be  
available for inspection to the Public Shareholders electronically during the Tendering 
Period. The Public Shareholders interested to inspect any of the following documents can 
send an email from their registered email IDs (including shareholding details and authority 
letter in the event the Public Shareholder is a corporate body) with a subject line 
"Documents for Inspection – Sammaan Capital  Limited  Open Offer ", to the Manager of the 
Offer at 1202, 12th Floor, First International Financial Centre, G -Block Bandra -Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 400098 ; and upon receipt and processing of the received 
request, access can be provided to the respective Public Shareholders for electronic 
inspection of documents :  
1. Copies of the certificates of incorporation, memorandum and articles of association of 
the Target Company . 
 
2. Copies of the certificate of incorporation and constitutional documents of the Acquirer 
and PAC . 
 
3. Certificate dated October 2, 2025  from M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104767W) having office at 1007, Raheja 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                       Page 97 
 Chambers, 213 Nariman Point, Mumbai, 400021, India; Tel. No.: +91 22 6611 6611; 
Fax No.: +91 22 6611 6600 , certifying that the Acquirer has adequate financial 
resources to fulfill their obligations under this Offer . 
 
4. Certificate dated October 2, 2025  from M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104767W) having office at 1007, Raheja 
Chambers, 213 Nariman Point, Mumbai, 400021, India; Tel. No.: +91 22 6611 6611; 
Fax No.: +91 22 6611 6600 , certifying the Offer Price computation.  
 
5. Certificate dated October 2, 2025  from M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 104767W) having office at 1007, Raheja 
Chambers, 213 Nariman Point, Mumbai, 400021, India; Tel. No.: +91 22 6611 6611; 
Fax No.: +91 22 6611 6600 , in relation to the status of the Equity Shares being 
frequently traded . 
 
6. Copies of the Acquirer 's (a) audited standalone financial statements as of and for the 
period from March  29, 2023 (date of incorporation) to December  31, 2023; (b) audited 
standalone financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
December  31, 2024; and (c) interim condensed unaudited standalone financial 
statements as of and for the six month period ended June 30, 2025 . 
 
7. Copies of the PAC 's (a) audited consolidated financial statements prepared as of and 
for the financial years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023 and December 
31, 2024 respectively; and (b) interim condensed unaudited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the six month period ended June 30, 2025 . 
 
8. Letter dated  October 7, 2025  from the Escrow Agent confirming the receipt of the cash 
deposit in the Escrow Account . 
 
9. Copy of the Escrow Agreement dated October  03, 202 5. 
 
10. Copy of the SSA . 
 
11. Copy of PA dated October 02, 202 5, published copy of the DPS dated October 09, 
2025, Letter of Offer, dispatch advertisement and issue opening public announcement 
(as will be issued) and any corrigendum to these . 
 
12. A copy of the recommendation made by the Target Company 's committee of 
independent directors constituted by the Board to be published in the Newspapers . 
 
13. Copy of the documentation for opening a special depository account for the purpose 
of the Offer . 
 
14. A copy of the observation letter no. [●] from SEBI dated [●] on the DLoF.  
 
XI. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER AND THE PAC 
 
A. The Acquirer  and its director and  the PAC  and its manager accept full 
responsibility for the information contained in this DLoF (other than such 
information as has been obtained from public sources or provided or relating 
to and confirmed by the Target Company), and undertake that they are aware 
of and will compl y with their obligations under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
in respect of this Open Offer.  
 
B. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the PA or the 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                  
                                                    
 
Page 
98
 
 
DPS or the DLoF or any other advertisement/publications made in 
connection with the Open Offer has been compiled from information 
published or provided by the Target Company as the case may be, or publicly 
available sources which has not been independently
 
verified by the Acquirer 
or the 
PAC
 
or the Manager to the Offer. The Acquirer, the 
PAC
 
and the 
Manager to the Offer do not accept any responsibility with respect to the 
information provided by the Target Company.
 
 
C.
 
The Acquirer and the 
PAC
 
accept full responsibility for their obligations 
under the Open Offer and shall be jointly and severally responsible for 
fulfillment of obligation and ensuring compliance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations in respect of this Open Offer.
 
 
D.
 
The persons signing this DLoF are duly and legally authorized by the 
Acquirer and the 
PAC
, as applicable, to sign the DLoF.
 
 
 
Issued by the Manager to the Open
 
Offer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of the
 
Acquirer and PAC
S/D -
Avenir Investment RSC Ltd
 
(Acquirer)
S/D -
IHC Capital Holding LLC
 
(PAC)
Place
:
 
Abu Dhabi, UAE and Mumbai, India
Date
:
 
October 16, 2025
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 101 
 ANNEX I 
 
Details of the Underlying Transaction  
 
Details of Underlying Transaction  
Type of 
transaction 
(direct/ 
indirect)  Mode of transaction (Agreement/ Allotment/ 
market purchase)  Shares/ Voting rights 
acquired/ proposed to 
be acquired  Total 
consideration for 
shares/ voting 
rights (VR) 
acquired (INR 
crore)  Mode of 
payment 
(cash/ 
securities)  Regulation which 
has triggered  
Number  % vis -à-
vis total 
equity/ 
voting 
capital  
(Refer to 
Note 1 
below)  
       
Direct  Agreement - SSA:  
 
(a) Execution of the SSA  for issuance and allotment of 
the Subscription Securities by the Target Company 
to the Acquirer, by way of Preferential Issue  (Refer 
to Note 2 below) : 
 
(i) 33,00,00,111  (thirty three crore one hundred 
and eleven)  Equity Shares , at a subscription 
price of INR  139 (Indian Rupees one hundred 
and thirty -nine) per Equity Share;  
 
(ii) 8,68,92,966  (eight crore sixty eight lakh 
ninety two thousand nine hundred and sixty 
six) warrants, each carrying a right to 
subscribe to 1  (one)  Equity Share, at a price 
of INR  139 (Indian Rupees one hundred and 
thirty -nine) per warrant (" Tranche I Warrants 
Price "), which shall be exercised by the 
Acquirer within twenty six weeks from the 
closure of the Offer Period for the Open  Offer 
in compliance with the requirements under 
the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, as may be 
applicable at the time of such exercise; and  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
33,00,00,111  
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,68,92,966  
(Refer to 
Note 3 
below ) 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25.11%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.61%  
(Refer to 
Note 3 
below ) 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INR 4,587.00 
crore  
 
 
 
 
 
INR 1,207.81 
crore  
(Refer to Note 4 
below)  
 
 Cash  Regulations  3(1) 
and 4 of the SEBI 
(SAST) 
Regulations  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 102 
 Details of Underlying Transaction  
Type of 
transaction 
(direct/ 
indirect)  Mode of transaction (Agreement/ Allotment/ 
market purchase)  Shares/ Voting rights 
acquired/ proposed to 
be acquired  Total 
consideration for 
shares/ voting 
rights (VR) 
acquired (INR 
crore)  Mode of 
payment 
(cash/ 
securities)  Regulation which 
has triggered  
Number  % vis -à-
vis total 
equity/ 
voting 
capital  
(Refer to 
Note 1 
below)  
(iii) 21,97,97,569  (twenty one crore ninety seven 
lakh ninety seven thousand five hundred and 
sixty nine ) warrants, each carrying a right to 
subscribe to 1  (one)  Equity Share, at a price 
of INR 139  (Indian Rupees one hundred and 
thirty -nine) per warrant (" Tranche II Warrants 
Price "), which may be exercised in one or 
more tranches, until the expiry of 
18 (eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of warrants in compliance with the 
requirements under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, as may be applicable at the time 
of such exercise.  The Acquirer has agreed 
not to exercise the Tranche II Warrants until 
after the expiry of the 10th (Tenth) Working 
Day from the closure of the Tendering  Period 
for the Open  Offer .  
 
(b) The terms and conditions of the Preferential Issue 
and other rights to be granted to the Acquirer are 
set out in the SSA.  
 
Board Approval:  
 
Approval by the Board of issuance and allotment of the 
Subscription Securities by the Target Company to the 
Acquirer, by way of Preferential Issue, subject to the 
approval of the shareholders of the Target Company.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Refer to 
Note 5 
below)   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Refer to 
Note 5 
below)   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Refer to Notes 5 
and 6 below)  
 
 
Notes :  
(1) Calculated as a percentage of Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 103 
 (2) The Subscription Securities  shall be allotted within the timelines prescribed under Regulation 170 of SEBI ( ICDR)  Regulations, subject to, inter alia, the 
approval of the shareholders of the Target Company and receipt of other statutory/ regulatory approvals (including Required S tatutory Approvals) each on 
terms set out in the SSA.  
(3) Assuming the Acquirer exercises all of the Tranche I Warrants.  
(4) An amount equivalent to 25% (twenty five per cent) of the Tranche I Warrants Price shall be payable by the Acquirer to the Ta rget Company at the time of 
subscription and allotment of the Tranche I Warrants, and the balance 75% (seventy five per cent) of th e Tranche I Warrants Price shall be payable at the 
time of allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of the right attached to the Tranche I Warrants to subscribe to Equit y Shares.  The amount paid 
shall be adjusted / set -off against the issue price f or the resultant Equity Shares.  
(5) If the Acquirer exercises all of the Tranche II Warrants, Acquirer would be allotted 21,97,97,569 Equity Shares representing 14.33% of the voting share 
capital of the Target Company (assuming the voting share capital is the aggregate of the Expanded Voting  Share Capital and the Equity Shares allotted 
pursuant to the exercise of the Tranche II Warrants). The aggregate increase of voting rights of the Acquirer on account of E quity Shares resultant from 
exercise of all Tranche II Warrants, shall not exceed 9.9 8% of the total voting rights of the Target Company.  
(6) An amount equivalent to 25% (twenty five per cent) of the Tranche II Warrants Price shall be payable by the Acquirer to the T arget Company at the time of 
subscription and allotment of the Tranche II Warrants, and the balance 75% (seventy five per cent) of the Tranche II Warrants Price shall be payable at the 
time of allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of the right attached to the Tranche II Warrants to subscribe to Equi ty Shares. The amount paid 
shall be adjusted / set -off against the issue pric e for the resultant Equity Shares.  
 
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 104 
 ANNEX II  
 
The key financial information of the Acquirer based on its (a) audited standalone financial statements as of and for the period from March  29, 2023 
(date of incorporation) to December  31, 2023; (b) audited standalone financial statements as of and for the financial year ended December  31, 2024; 
and (c) interim condensed unaudited standalone financial statements as of and for the six month period ended June 30, 2025  
 
Particulars  As of and for the period from 
March  29, 2023 to 
December  31, 2023  As of and for the financial year ended 
December  31, 2024  As of and for the six month period ended 
June  30, 2025  
USD  INR USD  INR USD  INR 
       
Profit and Loss Statement  
       
Income from 
operations  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Other Income  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Total Income  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Total 
Expenditure  (1,429)  (1,26,797.89)  (5,836)  (5,17,839.37)  (8,601)  (7,63,183.07)  
       
Profit / Loss 
Before 
Depreciation 
Interest and 
Tax (1,429)  (1,26,797.89)  (5,836)  (5,17,839.37)  (8,601)  (7,63,183.07)  
       
Depreciation  0  0  0 0 
       
Interest  0  0  0 0 
       
Profit / Loss 
Before Tax  (1,429)  (1,26,797.89)  (5,836)  (5,17,839.37)  (8,601)  (7,63,183.07)  
       
Provision for 
Tax 0  0  0 0 
       
Profit / Loss 
After Tax  (1,429)  (1,26,797.89)  (5,836)  (5,17,839.37)  (8,601)  (7,63,183.07)  
       
Balance Sheet Statement  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 105 
 Particulars  As of and for the period from 
March  29, 2023 to 
December  31, 2023  As of and for the financial year ended 
December  31, 2024  As of and for the six month period ended 
June  30, 2025  
USD  INR USD  INR USD  INR 
       
Sources of 
funds        
       
Paid up share 
capital  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  
       
Reserves and 
Surplus 
(excluding 
revaluation 
reserves)  (1,429)  (1,26,797.89)  (7,265)  (6,44,637.25)  (15,866)  (14,07,820.32)  
       
Net worth  48,571  43,09,797.11   42,735  37,91,957.75   34,134    30,28,774.67    
       
Secured loans  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Unsecured 
loans  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Total Loans  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Accrued 
expenses  1,429  1,26,797.89  7,265  6,44,637.25  15,866  14,07,820.32  
       
Total  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  
       
Uses of funds        
       
Net fixed 
assets  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Investments  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Net current 
assets  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  
       
Total 
miscellaneous 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 106 
 Particulars  As of and for the period from 
March  29, 2023 to 
December  31, 2023  As of and for the financial year ended 
December  31, 2024  As of and for the six month period ended 
June  30, 2025  
USD  INR USD  INR USD  INR 
expenditure not 
written off  
       
Total  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  50,000  44,36,595  
       
Other Financial Data  
       
Dividend (%)  0 0 0 0 0 0 
       
Earning Per 
Share  (0.028)  (2.48)  (0.117)  (10.38)  (0.172)  (15.26)  
       
 
Note : Since the financial numbers of the Acquirer  are presented in USD, the financial information has been converted to Indian Rupees (INR) for the purpose of 
convenience.  The conversion has been done at the rate USD  1=INR  88.7319  as on October  7, 2025 , (Source: RBI reference exchange rate as appearing on  
https://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/referenceratearchive.aspx).  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 107 
 ANNEX III  
 
The key financial information of the PAC based on (a) its audited consolidated financial statements prepared as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 
2022, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 respectively; and (b) interim condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the six month 
period ended June 30, 2025:  
 
 
Particulars  As of and for the financial 
year ended 
December  31, 2022  As of and for the financial 
year ended 
December  31, 2023  As of and for the financial 
year ended 
December  31, 2024  As of and for the six month 
period ended 
June  30, 2025  
     
 AED  
(in million)  INR (in crore)  AED  
(in million)  INR (in crore)  AED  
(in million)  INR (in crore)  AED  
(in million)  INR (in 
crore)  
         
Profit and Loss Statement  
         
Income from operations  41.10  96.59  46.28  108.76  70.26  165.11  40.96   96.26  
                  
Other Income  9.70 22.79  19.28  45.31  11.45  26.91  4.32 10.15  
                  
Total Income  50.80  119.38  65.56  154.07  81.71  192.02  45.28  106.41  
                  
Total Expenditure  (35.59 ) (83.64 ) (40.50 ) (95.18 ) (58.47 ) (137.40 ) (31.84 ) (74.82 ) 
              
Profit Before 
Depreciation Interest 
and Tax  15.21  35.74  25.06  58.89  23.24  54.61  13.44  31.58  
              
Depreciation  (0.65) (1.53) (0.73) (1.72) (0.98) (2.30) (1.91) (4.49) 
              
Interest  (0.78) (1.83) (1.34) (3.15) (2.54) (5.97) (1.52) (3.57) 
              
Profit Before Tax  13.77  32.36  23.00  54.05  19.71  46.32  10.01  23.52  
              
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 108 
 Provision for Tax  (0.07) (0.16) (0.65) (1.53) (0.71) (1.67) (1.06) (2.49) 
                 
Profit After Tax  13.70  32.20  22.35  52.52  19.00  44.65  8.95   21.03    
         
Balance Sheet Statement  
         
Sources of funds               
               
Paid up share capital  0.30 0.71 0.30 0.71 0.30 0.71 0.30 0.71 
              
Merger, acquisition and 
other reserves  31.05  72.97  31.22 73.37 55.89  131.34  59.73  140.37  
              
Reserves and Surplus 
(excluding revaluation 
reserves)  54.27 127.53 69.36 162.99 98.16 230.68 108.65 255.33 
              
Net worth  85.62 201.21 100.88 237.01  154.35 362.72 168.68 396.40 
              
Secured loans  16.29  38.28  11.90 27.97 17.88  42.02  - - 
              
Unsecured loans  5.60 13.16  5.91 13.89  19.33  45.43  - - 
              
Total loans  21.89  51.44  17.81  41.85  37.21  87.44  41.93  98.54  
         
Other non -current 
liabilities(1) 10.33  24.28  13.15  30.91  14.99  35.23  24.18  56.82  
                
Net current liabilities(2) 40.15  94.35  39.64  93.16  56.76  133.38  65.45  153.81  
         
Total  158.00  371.30   171.48  402.98  263.31  618.78   300.24  705.56   
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 109 
               
Uses of funds          
              
Net fixed assets  27.59  64.84  24.15  56.75  47.53  111.70  52.15  122.55  
              
Investments  56.58  132.96  74.53  175.15  101.09  237.56  114.38  268.79  
              
Net current assets  73.83  173.50  72.13  169.51  114.69  269.52  133.71  314.22  
                
Assets held for sale  0 0 0.67 1.57 0 0 0 0 
         
Total miscellaneous 
expenditure not written 
off  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
                 
Total  158.00  371.30  171.48  402.98  263.31  618.78  300.24  705.56  
         
Other Financial Data  
 
Dividend (%)  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
         
Earnings Per Share  0.0014  0.0033  0.0022  0.0052  0.0019  0.0045  0.0009    0.0021    
         
 
Note s:  
 
(1)Includes employees’ end of service benefits, lease liabilities, trade and other payables and other non -current liabilities . 
(2)Includes trade payables, contract liabilities, due to related parties and other current liabilities . 
 
Since the financial numbers of the PAC are presented in AED, the financial information has been converted to Indian Rupees (IN R) for the purpose of convenience.  
The conversion has been done at the rate AED  1=INR  23.5 as on October 7, 2025  based on the exchange rate notification number 39/2025 issued by Central Board 
of Indirect Taxes and Customs, Department of Revenues, Ministry of Finance, Government of India .  
  
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 110 
 ANNEX IV  
 
The key financial information of the Target  Company based on its (a) audited consolidated financials as of and for the financial years ended March  31, 2023, 
March  31, 2024 and March  31, 2025 respectively and (b) unaudited and limited review consolidated financial statements as of and for the three month period ended 
June 30, 2025:  
  
(Amount Rs. In Lakhs)  
Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss  For the three 
month  
period ended June 
30, 2025  Financial y ear 
ended March 31, 
2025  Financial y ear 
ended March 31, 
2024  Financial y ear 
ended March 31, 
2023  
Total miscellaneous expenditure not written off  - - - - 
Revenue from operations  240,034.44  862,332.92  847,488.86  871,928.17  
Other Income  909.15  5,991.60  14,987.81  650.49  
Total Income  240,943.59  868,324.52  862,476.67  872,578.66  
Total Expenditure (Excluding Depreciation and amortization, 
Finance Costs and Tax Expense)  72,416.78  618,443.38  158,469.00  139,987.63  
Profit Before Depreciation  and amortization, Finance Costs 
and Tax Expense  168,526.81  249,881.14  704,007.67  732,591.03  
Depreciation and amortization expense  2,103.23  8,302.43  8,462.50  8,557.12  
Finance Costs  119,612.35  479,135.51  530,676.66  563,649.45  
Profit / (Loss) Before Tax 46,811.23  -237,556.80  164,868.51  160,384.46  
Provision for Tax  13,381.13  -56,810.56  43,172.18  47,616.98  
Profit / (Loss) from continuing operations After Tax (A)  33,430.10  -180,746.24  121,696.33  112,767.48  
(Loss ) / Profit from discontinued operations After Tax (B)  - - -257.30  200.79  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 111 
 Profit / (Loss) attributable to the Shareholders (excludes 
OCI) (A) + (B)  33,430.10  -180,746.24  121,439.03  112,968.27  
Return on Networth# 6.11%  -8.36%  6.22%  6.61%  
Book Value Per Share  272.08  268.58  408.88  387.01  
     
Consolidated Balance Sheet  As at June 30, 2025  As at March 31, 
2025  As at March 31, 
2024  As at March 31, 
2023  
Sources of funds      
Paid up share capital  16,270.19  16,270.19  11,302.78  8,971.93  
Other equity  2,194,353.72  2,165,975.40  1,967,887.16  1,727,152.57  
Total Equity  2,210,623.91  2,182,245.59  1,979,189.94  1,736,124.50  
Networth (1) 2,188,894.63  2,162,102.28  1,953,928.85  1,709,172.98  
Secured loans (2) 3,821,631.75  3,787,937.71  4,370,478.45  4,719,943.71  
Unsecured loans (3) 487,399.31  484,627.38  478,863.74  520,402.42  
Other financial liabilities (4) 515,798.30  515,921.47  426,358.32  472,416.88  
Other non -financial liabilities (5) 38,917.07  47,372.81  51,750.00  45,636.64  
Total  7,074,370.34  7,018,104.96  7,306,640.45  7,494,524.15  
Uses of funds      
Net fixed assets (6) 12,988.28  12,532.42  12,826.49  10,592.28  
Investments  1,507,195.80  1,421,898.57  719,219.48  537,023.10  
Loans  4,348,475.07  4,491,485.23  5,301,262.55  5,583,129.80  
Other Financial assets (7) 880,158.00  760,922.23  952,651.19  852,853.11  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 112 
 Other non -financial assets (8) 325,553.19  331,266.51  320,680.74  510,925.86  
Total  7,074,370.34  7,018,104.96  7,306,640.45  7,494,524.15  
     
Other Financial Data  Quarter ended 
June 30, 2025  Year ended March 
31, 2025  Year ended March 
31, 2024  Year ended March 
31, 2023  
Dividend (%)  - - 100.00%  62.50%  
Earnings Per Equity Share (EPS)  4.10 -26.70  23.78  25.19  
 
Notes :  
#     Annualised      
(1)  Networth means Total Equity after deducting Deferred Expenditure and Goodwill on consolidation.  
(2)  Secured Loans includes secured Debt Securities and secured Borrowings (Other than Debt Securities).  
(3)  Unsecured loans includes unsecured Debt Securities, unsecured Borrowings (Other than Debt Securities) and Subordinated Liabil ities. 
(4)  Other financial liabilities includes Derivative financial instruments, Trade payables, Other financial liabilities and Financ ial liabilities in respect of assets held 
for sale.  
(5)  Other non -financial liabilities includes Current tax liabilities (Net), Provisions, Deferred tax liabilities (Net), Other non -financial liabilities and Non -financial 
liabilities in respect of assets held for sale.  
(6)  Net fixed assets includes Property, plant and equipment and Other Intangible assets.  
(7)  Other Financial assets includes Cash and cash equivalents, Bank Balance other than Cash and cash equivalents, Derivative  financial instruments, Trade 
Receivables, Other Financial assets and Financial assets held for sale.  
(8)  Other non -financial assets includes Current tax assets (Net), Deferred tax assets (Net), Goodwill on Consolidation, Right -of-use assets, Other non -financial 
assets, Investment Property, Assets held for sale and Non -financial assets held for sale.  
 
 
 
  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 113 
 ANNEX V  
 
The shareholding pattern of the Target Company pre -Open Offer (as on September 30 , 2025) and post -Open Offer is  as follows :  
 
Shareholders’ 
category  Shareholding & voting 
rights prior to the 
agreement/ acquisition 
and offer(1) Shares /voting rights 
agreed to be acquired 
which triggered off the 
Regulations  Shares/voting rights to 
be acquired in open 
offer (Assuming full 
acceptance)  Share holding / voting rights 
after the acquisition and offer  
 (A) (B) (C) (A)+(B)+(C)=(D)  
 No. % (2) No. %(3) No. %(3) No. %(3) 
(1) Promoter group  
        
a. Parties to 
agreement, if any  0 0.00 0 0.00 
  0 0.00 
b. Promoters other 
than (a) above  0 0.00 0 0.00 
  0 0.00 
Total 1(a+b)  0 0.00 0 0.00 
  0 0.00 
(2) Acquirers  
        
a. Acquirer  0 0.00 41,68,93,077(4) 31.72  34,17,54,286  26.00  75,86,47,363(5) 57.72  
b. PAC  0 0.00 0 0.00 
  0 0.00 
Total 2 (a+b)  0 0.00 41,68,93,077(4) 31.72  34,17,54,286  26.00  75,86,47,363(5) 57.72  
(3) Parties to 
agreement other 
than (1) (a) & (2)  0 0.00 0 0.00 
  0 0.00 
(4) Public (other than 
parties to agreement, 
acquirers & PACs)  
    (34,17,54,286)  (26.00)  55,57,92,197  42.28  
 
Privileged and Confidential                                                                                                                                                      Page 114 
 a. FIs/MFs/FIIs/Bank, 
SFIs 
/AIF/NBFCs/Insuranc
e Companies  29,85,49,176  33.26  - -   
b. Others  59,89,97,307  66.74  - - 
Total (4)(a+b)  89,75,46,483  100.00  - - 
  55,57,92,197  42.28  
GRAND TOTAL 
(1+2+3+4)  89,75,46,483  100.00  41,68,93,077  31.72  
  1,31,44,39,560  100.00  
 
 
(1) Includes 30,13,213 Partly Paid Equity Shares of face value INR  2 with INR  0.67 per Equity Share paid -up and INR  1.33 per Equity Share remaining unpaid.  
(2) Calculated as a percentage of the total issued and fully paid -up equity share capital of the Company as on September 30, 2025, along with 30,13,213 Partly 
Paid Equity Shares, Equity shares corresponding to 2,55,711 foreign currency convertible bonds (outst anding amount USD 800,000) and 6,59,07,629 
Employee stock options of the Target Company which may vest or be exercised till December 31, 2026.  
(3) Calculated as a percentage of Expanded Voting Share Capital.  
(4) Aggregate of: (a) 33,00,00,111 Equity Shares to be allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer in terms of the SSA; and (b) 8,68,92,966 Equity Shares to 
be allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer on exercise of Tranche I Warrants.  
(5) Aggregate of: (a) 33,00,00,111 Equity Shares to be allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer in terms of the SSA; (b) 8,68,92,966 Equity Shares to be 
allotted by the Target Company to Acquirer on exercise of Tranche I Warrants; and (c) 34,17,54,286 Offer Shares, proposed to be acquired by the Acquirer 
pursuant to the Open  Offer (assuming full acceptance) . 
 
 
 
1 
RESTRICTED  FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  (On-Market Mechanism)  
SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
(Resident Public  Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form are not required to fill this 
Form of Acceptance, unless required by their respective Selling Broker. Public Shareholders holding 
shares in physical form (resident and non -resident) and non -residen t Public Shareholders are required 
to send this Form of Acceptance along with the enclosures to the Registrar to the Offer, at its registered 
office address provided in the Letter of Offer . Capitali sed terms and expressions used herein but not 
defined, sha ll have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer .) 
 
 
  TENDERING PERIOD FOR THE OFFER  
    
  OPENS ON   
  CLOSES ON   
To, 
The Acquirer  (Avenir Investment RSC Ltd) , 
 
C/o MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly, Link Intime India Private Limited)  
 
Unit: Sammaan Capital Limited  
 
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West)  
 
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400083, India  
 
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar  
 
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Fax: +91 22 49186060  
 
Email: sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
SUB: CASH OFFER AT A PRICE OF INR 139 (INDIAN RUPEES ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY -
NINE) ("OFFER PRICE") PER FULLY PAID UP EQUITY SHARE OF FACE VALUE OF INR 2 (INDIAN 
RUPEES TWO) EACH OF THE TARGET COMPANY ("EQUITY SHARES") TO ACQUIRE UP TO 
34,17,54,286 (THIRTY FOUR CRORE SEVENTEEN LAKH FIFTY FOUR THOUSAND TWO 
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY S IX) EQUITY SHARES ("OFFER SHARES") REPRESENTING 26.00% 
(TWENTY SIX PER CENT) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE CAPITAL OF THE TARGET 
COMPANY (“OFFER SIZE”),  BY AVENIR INVESTMENT RSC LTD (“ACQUIRER”), TOGETHER 
WITH IHC CAPITAL HOLDING LLC (“PAC”) IN ITS CAPACITY  AS A PERSON ACTING IN 
CONCERT WITH THE ACQUIRER , IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) 
REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED (“SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS”) FROM THE PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS ("OPEN OFFER" OR "OFFER")  
I/We refer to the Letter of Offer dated [●] for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me/us in Sammaan 
Capital Limited .  
I/We, the undersigned, have read the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Letter 
of Offer and the Open Offer opening public announcement, and understood its contents, terms and 
conditions, and unconditionally accepted the terms and conditions as mentioned therein.  
 
2 
RESTRICTED  I/We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/statements given by me/ us herein are true and 
correct.  
Details of Public Shareholder : 
Name  
(in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the 
Shareholder  Permanent Account Number 
(PAN)  
(Please write names of 
the joint holders in the 
same order as 
appearing in the Equity 
Share 
certificate(s)/demat 
account)  Sole/First    
Second    
Third    
Contact Number(s) of 
the First Holder  Tel No. (with ISD/STD Code):  
Fax No.:  Mobile No.:  
Full Address of the 
First Holder  
(with pin code)   
Email address of the 
First Holder   
Date & Place of 
incorporation (if 
applicable)   
 
FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM:  
I/We, holding physical Equity Shares, accept the Offer and enclose the original share certificate(s) 
and duly signed transfer deed(s) in respect of my/our Equity Shares as detailed below along with 
enclosures as mentioned herein:  
Sr. 
No. Regd. Folio 
Number  Share Certificate Number  Distinctive Numbers  No. of 
Equity 
Shares  From  To 
1      
2      
3      
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach a separate 
sheet with the above details and authenticate the same)  TOTAL   
 
Enclosures ( please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public Shareholder, has signed 
the On Market Form of Acceptance - cum-Acknowledgement or Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
□ Original Equity Share certificate(s)  
□ Valid Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
 
3 
RESTRICTED  □ Corporate authori sation, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and 
specimen signatures of authori sed signatories  
□ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in 
case of single Public Shareholder), in case the original Public Shareholder has expired  
□ Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
□ Other relevant documents (please specify)  
FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS:  
I/We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me/us under this Offer, are 
free from any pledges, liens, charges, equitable interests, non -disposal undertakings or any other form 
of encumbrances and are being tendered together wit h all rights attached thereto, including all rights to 
dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter.  
I/We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity  Shares held by me/us will not contravene any 
applicable law and will not breach the terms of any agreement (written or otherwise) that I/we are a 
party to.  
My/Our execution of this On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement shall constitute my/our 
warranty that the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned by me/us and are sold and 
transferred by me/us free from all liens, charges, claims of third parties and encumbrances. If  any claim 
is made by any third party in respect of the said Equity Shares, I/we will hold the Acquirer and/or the 
PAC harmless and indemnified against any loss they or either of them may suffer in the event of the 
Acquir er acquiring these Equity Shares.  
I/We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Offer Shares in the Open Offer on the 
foregoing basis.  
I/We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts 
in any manner my/our right to tender Offer Shares in this Open Offer and that I/we am/are legally entitled 
to tender the Offer Shares in this Open Offer.  
I/We agree that the Acquirer will pay the consideration as per secondary market mechanism, only after 
verification of the certifications, documents and signatures, as applicable submitted along with this On 
Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment by the Public Shareholders, and subject to the 
adherence of the instructions. I/We undertake to return to the Acquirer any Open Offer consideration 
that may be wrongfully received by me/us.  
I/We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for holding the Offer Shares and/or for tendering 
the Offer Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith.  
I/We confirm that I/We am/are not persons acting in concert or persons deemed to be acting in concert 
with the Acquirer and/or the PAC.  
I/We give my/our consent to the Acquirer and/or the PAC, to file any statutory documents, if any, on 
my/our behalf in relation to accepting the Offer Shares in this Open Offer , including under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act,  1999 . 
I/We confirm that I/we am/are in compliance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the Public 
Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, and the Letter of Offer.  
I/We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required 
or expedient to give effect to my/our tender/offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken 
by the Acquirer and/or the PAC, to effectuate this Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
I/We am/are not debarred from dealing in shares or securities , including the Offer Shares . 
 
4 
RESTRICTED  I/We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against me/us which may affect the legality 
of the transfer of Equity Shares under the I ncome Tax  Act, including but not limited to Section 281 of 
the Income T ax Act. I/We confirm that no notice has been issued by the income tax authorities impacting 
the rights to transfer the  Equity Shares . 
I/We note and understand that the Offer Shares will be held by the Registrar to the Offer/ clearing 
corporation in  trust for me/us till the date the Acquirer make s payment of consideration as mentioned 
in the Letter of Offer, or the date by which other documents are dispatched to the Public Shareholders, 
as the case may be. I/We also note and understand that the consideration will be paid only to those 
Public Shareh olders who have validly tendered their Equity Shares in this Offer, in accordance with the 
terms of the Letter of Offer.  
I / We note and understand that a lien will be marked against the Offer Shares tendered by me by the 
Clearing Corporation until the settlement date whereby the Acquirer and/or the PACs make payment 
of purchase consideration as mentioned in the Letter of Of fer. 
 
I/We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including surcharge, cess, interest, penalty, 
etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided/to be provided 
by me/us, or as a result of income tax (including  any consequent surcharge, cess, interest and penalty) 
on the income arising from tendering of the Offer Shares, I/We will indemnify the Acquirer  and/or the 
PAC for such income tax demand (including surcharge, cess, interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the  
Acquirer  and/or the PAC  with all information/documents that may be necessary and co -operate in any 
proceedings before any income tax/appellate authority.  I/We authori se the Acquirer and/or the PAC to 
acquire all the Equity Shares so tendered by me/us or such lesser number of Equity Shares, which 
it/they may decide to accept, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, and in terms of the Letter of 
Offer.  
I/We authori se the Acquirer and/or the PAC, and the Registrar to the Offer to return to me/us by 
registered post or ordinary post, unaccepted documents, if any, at my/our sole risk, without specifying 
the reasons thereof.  
I/We, confirm that our residential status for the purposes of tax is:  
□ Resident  
□ Non-Resident, if yes please state country of tax residency: _________________  
(If none of the above box es is ticked, the residential status of the Public Shareholder will be considered 
as non -resident, for withholding tax purposes  at the option of the Acquirer and /or the  PAC). 
I/We, confirm that my/our status as a shareholder is: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
☐ Individual  ☐ Domestic 
Company  ☐ Foreign 
Company  ☐ FII/FPI - 
Corporate  ☐ FII/FPI - Others  
☐ QFI ☐ FVCI  ☐ Partnership/  
Proprietorship 
firm/LLP  ☐ Private 
Equity 
Fund/AIF  ☐ Pension/Provident 
Fund  
☐ Sovereign 
Wealth Fund  ☐ Foreign 
Trust  ☐ Financial 
Institution  ☐ NRIs/PIOs - 
repatriable  ☐ NRIs/PIOs - non- 
repatriable  
☐ Insurance 
Company  ☐ OCB  ☐ Domestic Trust  ☐ Banks  ☐ Association of 
person/Body of 
Individual  
☐ Any others, 
please specify:  ______________________________________________________________  
 
 
5 
RESTRICTED  FOR NRI s/OCB s/FIIs, FPI s AND SUB -ACCOUNTS/OTHER NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:  
I/We confirm that my/our investment status is: (Please provide supporting documents and tick 
whichever is applicable)  
□ FDI Route  
□ PIS Route  
□ Any other – please specify __________________________________  
I/We, confirm that the Offer Shares tendered by me/us are held on: (Please tick whichever is 
applicable)  
□ Repatriable basis  
□ Non-Repatriable basis  
I/We confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ No RBI , or erstwhile Foreign Investment Promotion Board  or other regulatory approval was 
required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer and the 
Offer Shares are held under the general permission of the RBI  
□ Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been tendered in 
this Open Offer are enclosed herewith  
□ Copy of RBI registration letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me/us is enclosed 
herewith  
I/We confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
□ No RBI or other regulatory approval is required by me for tendering the Offer Shares in this 
Open Offer  
□ Copies of all approvals required by me for tendering Offer Shares in this Open Offer are 
enclosed herewith  
[------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line -----------------------------------------------  
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer at:  
 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
Unit:  Sammaan Capital  Limited – Open Offer  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai 400 083, Maharashtra, India  
Contact Person : Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 810 811 4949, Fax: +91 22 49186060  
Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
Email : sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
 
Additional confirmations and enclosures for other non -resident Public Shareholders, as 
applicable  
I/We, have enclosed the following documents: ( Please tick whichever is applicable )  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ For non -resident Public Shareholders not possessing a PAN Card, the following 
information/documents (that has not already been furnished): a) name, e -mail id, contact 
 
6 
RESTRICTED  number; (b) address in the country or specified territory outside India of which the non -resident 
Public Shareholder is a resident; (c) a certificate of residence of the non -resident Public 
Shareholder in any country or specified territory outside India fr om the Government of that 
country or specified territory if the law of that country or specified territory provides for issuance 
of such certificate; (d) tax identification number of the non -resident Public Shareholder in the 
country or specified territory  of his residence and in case no such number is available, then a 
unique number on the basis of which the non -resident Public Shareholder is identified by the 
Government of that country or the specified territory of which he claims to be a resident  
☐ Self-declaration form in Form 15G/Form 15H, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy 
(applicable only for interest payment, if any)  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has signed the 
On Market Form  of Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authori sation, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the board resolution 
and specimen signatures of authorised signatories  
☐ For Mutual funds/Banks/Notified Institutions under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the I ncome Tax  Act, 
attested copy of relevant registration or notification  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI 
regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ SEBI Registration Certificate for FIIs/FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ ‘Valid Tax Residency Certificate’ issued by the income tax authority of a foreign country of which 
he/it claims to be a tax resident, in case the non -resident Public Shareholder intends to claim 
benefit under the  Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement  ("DTAA ") between India and that 
jurisdiction in which such non -resident Public Shareholder claims to be resident and a duly filled 
in ‘Form 10F’ as prescribed under the I ncome Tax  Act. Such other information and 
documentation as maybe required depending upon spe cific terms of the relevant DTAA, 
including but not limited to a declaration of not having a permanent establishment in India  
☐ Certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the I ncome Tax  Act, wherever applicable 
(certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate) from the income tax authorities under the I ncome 
Tax Act, indicating the amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirer  
☐ SEBI registration certificate issued to Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Funds if 
such fund intends to claim exemption from TDS under Section 197A(1F) of the I ncome Tax  Act 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public Shareholders 
(e.g. individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, company, Association of Persons (AOP), 
Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please specify)  
☐ Other relevant documents (please specify) ________________________________  
BANK DETAILS  
In case of Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, the bank account details 
for the purpose of interest payment, if any, will be taken from the record of the depositories.  
In case of eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the bank account details 
for the purpose of interest payment, if any, will be taken from details provided by you. Also kindly 
attached copy of cancel cheque for below account f or verification.  
Name of the bank   
Branch address and pin code   
 
7 
RESTRICTED  Account number   
IFSC code   
MICR code   
Type of account - Savings/ Current/ 
Others (please specify)   
 
In case of interest payments, if any, by the Acquirer for delay in payment of Offer consideration or a 
part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of 
consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acquirer depending on the 
settlement mechanism for such interest payments.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
Signed and Delivered,  
 Full name(s) of the holder  PAN  Signature(s)  
First/Sole Holder     
Joint Holder 1     
Joint Holder 2     
Joint Holder 3     
 
Note: In case of joint holdings, all holders must sign. In case of body corporate, the company seal should 
be affixed and certified copies of the necessary board resolutions should be attached.  
Place: _______________________  Date: ____________________   
 
8 
RESTRICTED  ------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------  
Acknowledgement Slip  – (To be filled in by the Public Shareholders)  
Sammaan Capital Limited – Open Offer  
Sr. No. ____________________  
Received from Mr./Ms./  
M/s. _____________________________________________________________________________  
Address __________________________________________________________________________  
On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement for Sammaan Capital  Limited – Open Offer  as 
per details below:   
Copy of delivery instructions to depository participant of DP ID/Client ID/Folio No. ________ for 
____________ Equity Shares  
Date of Receipt:__________________________ Place of Receipt:____________________________  
Stamp of Selling Broker:____________________Signature of Official: _________________________  
  
 
9 
RESTRICTED  INSTRUCTIONS  
Capitalised terms used and not defined in these instructions will have the same meaning as provided 
in the Letter of Offer dated [ ]. 
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT NO ON MARKET FORM  OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT SHOULD BE SENT DIRECTLY TO 
THE ACQUIRER, THE PAC, THE TARGET COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE 
OFFER.  
2. The On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement should be legible and should be 
filled-up in English only.  
3. All queries pertaining to this Open Offer may be directed to the Registrar to the Offer.  
4. Eligible Public Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the demateriali sed form 
under the Open Offer would have to do so through their respective Selling  Broker by indicating 
the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Open Offer.  
5. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s Press 
Release dated  December 3, 2018, bearing reference No. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of 
securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in demateriali sed form with a 
depository with effect from  April 1, 2019. However, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations and the SEBI Master Circular , shareholders holding securities in physical form are 
allowed to tender shares in an open offer. Such tend ering shall be as per the provisions of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, public shareholders holding equity shares in physical 
form as well are eligible to tender their equity shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of 
the SEBI (SAST) Regu lations.  
6. The Public Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares in physical form and are desirous of 
tendering their Equity Shares in the Offer shall approach the Selling Broker along with the 
complete set of following documents :  
• original share certificate(s);  
• valid share transfer deed(s) duly filled, stamped and signed by the transferors (i.e., by 
all registered shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures 
registered with the Target Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place 
authori sing the transfer in favour of the Acquirer;  
• self-attested copy of the Public S hareholder’s PAN Card (in case of joint holders, the 
PAN card copy of all transferors);  
• this On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement – for Public Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical mode, duly completed and signed in accordance with 
the instructions contained therein, by sole/ joint Public Shareholders whose name(s) 
appears on the share certificate(s) in the same order in whi ch they hold Equity Shares, 
and as per the specimen signature lodged with the Target Company;  
• any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate authori sation 
(including board resolution/specimen signature), notari sed copy of death certificate and 
succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc., 
as applicable; and  
• if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address 
registered in the register of members of the Target Company, a self -attested copy of 
address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: (i) valid Aadhar Card; 
(ii) Voter Identity Card; or (iii) Passport.  
 
10 
RESTRICTED  Public Shareholders holding physical shares should note that such Equity Shares will 
not be accepted unless the complete set of documents is submitted.  
7. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical mode for dematerialisation, such 
Public Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised 
is completed well in time so that they can participate in the Offer b efore close of the Tendering 
Period.  
8. In case of unregistered owners of Equity Shares in physical mode, the Public Shareholder 
should provide an additional valid share transfer deed(s) duly signed by the unregistered owner 
as transferor(s) by the sole/joint Public Shareholder(s) in the same or der and duly witnessed at 
the appropriate place. The transfer deed should be left blank, except for the signatures and 
witness details. PLEASE DO NOT FILL IN ANY OTHER DETAILS IN THE TRANSFER DEED   
9. Attestation, where required (as indicated in the share transfer deed) (thumb impressions, 
signature difference, etc.) should be done by a Magistrate, Notary Public or Special Executive 
Magistrate or a similar authority holding a public office and authori sed to issue the seal of his 
office or a member of a recogni sed stock exchange under their seal of office and membership 
number or manager of the transferor’s bank.  
10. In case the share certificate(s) and the transfer deed(s) are lodged with the Target Company/ 
its transfer agents for transfer, then the acceptance shall be accompanied by the 
acknowledgement of lodgement with, or receipt by, the Target Company/its transfe r agents, of 
the share certificate(s) and the transfer deed(s).  
11. The Public Shareholder/Selling Broker should ensure that the certificate(s) and above 
documents should be sent only to the Registrar to the Offer either by registered post or courier 
or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer: i.e. MUFG Int ime India Private Limited 
on or before 5:00 P.M. on the date of closure of the Tendering Period, at the following address 
– MUFG Intime India Private Limited, Unit: Sammaan Capital  Limited – Open Offer, C -101, 1st 
Floor, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai 400 083, Maharashtra, India.  
12. The Selling Broker should place bids on the exchange platform with relevant details as 
mentioned on physical share certificate(s). The Selling Broker(s) shall print the  Transaction 
Registration Slip  (“TRS”) generated by the exchange bidding system. The TRS will contain the 
details of order submitted including Folio No., Certificate No. Dist. Nos., number of Equity 
Shares, etc.  
13. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in 
the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement as the order in which they hold the 
Equity Shares, and should be duly witnessed. This order cannot be changed or altered nor can 
any new name be added for the purpose of accepting the Offer.  
14. If the Offer Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Offer Shares will be returned to 
the sole/first named Public Shareholder(s) along with all the documents received at the time of 
submission.  
15. The Procedure For Acceptance And Settleme nt of this Offer has been mentioned in the Letter 
of the Offer in Section [•]  (Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer ). 
16. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to 
ensure transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the acceptance is being sent.  
17. The On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  along  with enclosures should be 
sent only to the Registrar  to the Offer either by registered post or courier or  hand  delivery so as 
to reach the Registrar of the Offer on or before the date of closure of  the Tendering Period at 
its registered office mentioned below on all Working Days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and  
public  holidays)  during  the business  hours.  For hand  delivery,  the collection  centre  timings will 
be all Working Days anytime between Monday  to Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, except public 
holidays . 
 
11 
RESTRICTED  18. All the Public Shareholders are advised to refer to Section [•] (Tax Provisions ) in the Letter of 
Offer. However, it may be noted that Public Shareholders should consult with their own tax 
advisors for the tax provisions applicable to their particular circumstances, as the details 
provided in Section [•]  (Tax Provisions ), as referred to above, are indicative and for guidance 
purposes only.  
19. All documents/remittances sent by or to Public Shareholders will be at their own risk. Public 
Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
20. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical mode for dematerialisation, such 
Public Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialised 
is completed well in time so that they can participate in the Open Of fer before close of Tendering 
Period.  
21. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in the Letter 
of Offer at Section [•]  (Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer ). 
22. The Letter of Offer along with the On Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is 
being dispatched/sent through electronic mail to all the Public Shareholders as on the Identified 
Date, who have registered their email ids with the Depositories and through speed post / 
registered post to shareholders who do not have registered email id and/or the Target 
Company . In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, such Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company may download the same from the SEBI website ( www.sebi.gov.in ) or obtain a copy 
of the same from the Registrar to the Offer (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), the Manager to the Offer 
(https://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm), BSE (www.bseindia.com) 
and NSE (https://www.nseindia.com) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the 
Offer on providing suitable documentary evidenc e of holding of the Equity Shares.  
23.  
24. The tender f orm and TRS in case of shares held in demateriali sed form are not required to be 
submitted to the Acquirer, the PAC, the Manager to the Offer or the Registrar to the Offer. Public 
Shareholders holding shares in demat mode are not required to fill the On Market Form of 
Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment unless required by their respective selling broker. Holders 
of Offer Shares under lock -in will be required to fill the  On Market  Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgment.  
25. If non -resident Public Shareholders had required any approval from the RBI or any other 
regulatory body in respect of the Offer Shares held by them, they will be required to submit 
such previous approvals that they would have obtained for holding the Offer Shares, to tender 
the Offer Shares held by them pursuant to this Open Offer. Further, n on-resident Public 
Shareholders must obtain all approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares in this Open 
Offer (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along 
with the other documents required in terms of the Letter of Offer, and provide such other 
consents, documents and confirmations as may be required to enable the Acquirer to purchase 
the Offer Shares so tendered. In the event any such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer 
reserve s the right to reject such Offer Shares tendered in this Open Offer. If the Offer Shares 
are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder should state 
that the Offer Shares are held under general permission and whether they are held on 
repatri able basis or non -repatriable basis  
26. Interest payment, if any: In case of interest payments by the Acquirer  for delay in payment of 
Open Offer consideration or a part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on the interest 
payments for delay in payment of consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests 
solely with the Acquirer depending on the settlement mechanism for s uch interest payments.  
27. Public Shareholders who hold shares in physical form and wish to tender their Equity Shares 
must submit the following documents to the Registrar to the Offer.  
(a) For resident Public Shareholders:  
 
12 
RESTRICTED  ☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Certificate from the income tax authorities under Section 197 of the I ncome 
Tax Act, wherever applicable, in relation to payment of interest, if any, for delay 
in payment of consideration (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate)  
☐ Self-declaration in Form 15G/Form 15H (in duplicate), if applicable  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder 
has signed the On Market Form  of Acceptance -cum- Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authori sation, in case of companies along with certified copy of the 
board resolution and specimen signatures of authorised signatories  
☐ For specified entities under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the I ncome Tax  Act, self -
attested copy of relevant registration or notification (applicable only for interest 
payment, if any)  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public 
Shareholders (e.g. individual, HUF, firm, company, AOP, BOI, trust or any 
other – please specify)  
☐ Self-declaration that (a) income tax returns have been duly filed in India for the 
two preceding financial years along with copies of acknowledgements issued 
by the Indian tax authorities (as may be suitably redacted) evidencing the filing 
of such tax retu rns or; (b) that the aggregate tax deducted at source and tax 
collected at source is less than ₹ 50,000 (Indian Rupees Fifty Thousand) in 
each of the two preceding financial years, as evidenced by a copy of Form 
26AS annexed.  
(a) For non -resident Public Shareholders:  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card and in the case of non -resident Public 
Shareholders not possessing a PAN Card, the following 
information/documents (that has not already been furnished): a) name, e -mail 
id, contact number; (b) address in the country or speci fied territory outside India 
of which the non -resident Public Shareholder is a resident; (c) a certificate of 
residence of the non -resident Public Shareholder in any country or specified 
territory outside India from the Government of that country or speci fied territory 
if the law of that country or specified territory provides for issuance of such 
certificate; (d) tax identification number of the non -resident Public Shareholder 
in the country or specified territory of his residence and in case no such numb er 
is available, then a unique number on the basis of which the non -resident 
Public Shareholder is identified by the Government of that country or the 
specified territory of which he claims to be a resident  
☐ Certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the I ncome Tax  Act, 
wherever applicable (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate) from the 
income tax authorities under the I ncome Tax  Act, indicating the amount of tax 
to be deducted by the Acquirer  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder 
has signed the On Market Form  of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  
☐ Corporate authori sation, in case of companies along with certified copy of the 
board resolution and specimen signatures of authorised signatories  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the 
 
13 
RESTRICTED  applicable SEBI regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs)  
☐ SEBI registration certificate for FIIs/FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by 
FIIs/FPIs, and Category 1 or Category 2 AIFs)  
☐ Tax Residency Certificate and Form 10F and other information or documents 
as may be required to claim relief under the provisions of applicable double 
taxation avoidance agreement  
☐ Self-attested declaration that it does not have a Permanent Establishment in 
India either under the I ncome Tax  Act or DTAA or agreement applicable 
between India and any other foreign country or specified Territory (as notified 
under Section90 or Section 90A of the I ncome Tax  Act) of which the Public 
Shareholder claims to be a tax resident  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public 
Shareholders (e.g. individual, HUF, firm, company, AOP, BOI, trust or any 
other – please specify)  
☐ In case of non -resident Public Shareholders having a permanent establishment 
in India, a self -declaration that (a) income tax returns have been duly filed in 
India for the two preceding financial years along with copies of 
acknowledgements issued by the In dian tax authorities (as may be suitably 
redacted) evidencing the filing of such tax returns or; (b) that the aggregate tax 
deducted at source and tax collected at source is less than  ₹ 50,000  (Indian 
Rupees Fifty Thousand)  in each of the two preceding fi nancial years, as 
evidenced by a copy of Form 26AS annexed  
None of the Acquirer, the PAC, Manager to the Offer, Registrar to the Offer, the Target 
Company or any affiliates of any of the foregoing will be liable for any delay/loss in 
transit resulting in delayed receipt/non -receipt by the Registrar to the Offer of  your Form 
of Acceptance.  
 
In an event of non -submission of NOC or certificate for deduction of tax at nil/lower 
rate, tax will be deducted upto the maximum marginal rate as may be applicable to the 
relevant category, to which the Public Shareholder belongs, by the Acquirer.  
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE ON MARKET FORM OF 
ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT/EQUITY SHARES THAT ARE RECEIVED BY THE 
REGISTRAR AFTER THE CLOSE OF THE OPEN OFFER I.E. , []SHALL NOT BE ACCEPTED 
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES AND HENCE ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the Registrar to the Offer at the 
following address:  
 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
Unit:  Sammaan Capital  Limited – Open Offer  
C-101, Embassy 247, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400 083, Maharashtra, India  
Contact Person : Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 810 811 4949, Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
Email : sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
 
 
14 
RESTRICTED  FORM OF TRANSFER DEED  
Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form   
 
 
[Pursuant to Sect ion 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital 
and Debentures) Rules 2014]  
 
Date of execution:   /  /  
 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION  stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” 
named the securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the 
Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the 
conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 6 5 9 2 2 D L 2 0 0 5 P L C 1 3 6 0 2 9 
  
Name of the company (in full):  Sammaan Capital Limited  
 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the 
company is listed, (if any):  BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES  
Kind/ class of securities  
(1) Nominal value of each 
unit of security (2)  Amount called up per unit 
of security (3)  Amount paid up per unit 
of security (4)  
Equity Share  INR 2.00 INR 2.00 INR 2.00 
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (INR)  
In Figures  In Words  In Words  In Figures  
    
Distinctive 
Number  From       
To      
Corresponding 
Certificate Nos.        
 
Transferor’s Particulars  
 
Registered Folio Number   
 
Name(s) in full and PAN (attach copy of pan card)    Seller Signature(s)  
1.      
2.     
3.     
 
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
 
Signature of the Witness  :   
Name of the Witness  :   
Address of the Witness  :  
   
 
Transferee’s Particulars  
 
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse 
Name (2)  Address  (3) 
Avenir Investment RSC Ltd NOT APPLICABLE  Office 3701 & 3712, Floor 37, Addax 
Port Office Tower, Tamouh, Al Reem 
Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab 
Emirates  
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
 
15 
RESTRICTED  Business    
 
Declaration:  
( ) Transferee is not required to obtain government  approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Nondebt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares; or  
( ) Transferee is required to obtain the government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed herewith.  
Folio No. of Transferee   Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
 
 
Value of stamp affixed:  INR  
 
Enclosures:  
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2. If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment  
3. Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4. Others, Specify,______________________________________  
 
For Office Use Only  
Checked by   
 
Signature Tallied by   
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on   
 
 vide Transfer no   
 
Approval Date   
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death Certificate / Letter of 
Administration  
 
Registered on   at 
 
No  
 
  
 
 
 
 1.   
2.  
3.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
STAMPS  
 
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
 
Name of the Transferor   Name of the Transferee   No. of shares   Date of Transfer  
 
Signature of the Authorised Signatory  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  (Off-Market Mechanism)  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED  
Capitali sed terms and expressions used herein but not defined, shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them 
in the Letter of Offer.   
 
(The Public Shareholders holding physical shares (resident and non -resident)  are required to send this Off Market 
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement  along with the enclosures to the Registrar to the Offer, at its 
registered office address provided in the Letter of Offer. ) 
 
(In case of  non-receipt Off Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement and required documents  from Public 
Shareholders holding shares in demat , but receipt of the equity shares in the Open Offer Escrow Demat Account, 
the Offer may be deemed to have been accepted by the respective Public Shareholder .) 
TENDERING PERIOD FOR THE OFFER  
OPENS ON   
CLOSES ON   
To, 
The Acquirer  (Avenir Investment RSC Ltd) , 
C/o MUFG  Intime India Private Limited  (formerly, Link Intime India Private Limited)  
Unit: Sammaan Capital  Limited  
C-101, 1st Floor, Embassy 247,  
Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli (West)  
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400083, India  
Contact Person: Pradnya Karanjekar  
Tel: +91 8108114949  
Fax: +91 22  49186060  
Email: sammaancapital.offer@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
SUB: CASH OFFER AT A PRICE OF INR 139 (INDIAN RUPEES ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY -NINE) ("OFFER 
PRICE") PER FULLY PAID UP EQUITY SHARE OF FACE VALUE OF INR 2 (INDIAN RUPEES TWO) EACH OF 
THE TARGET COMPANY ("EQUITY SHARES") TO ACQUIRE UP TO 34,17,54,286 (THIRTY FOUR CRORE 
SEVENTEEN LAKH FIFTY FOU R THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND EIGHTY SIX) EQUITY SHARES ("OFFER 
SHARES") REPRESENTING 26.00% (TWENTY SIX PER CENT) OF THE EXPANDED VOTING SHARE 
CAPITAL OF THE TARGET COMPANY (“OFFER SIZE”),  BY AVENIR INVESTMENT RSC LTD (“ACQUIRER”), 
TOGETHER WITH IHC CAPITAL HOLDING LLC (“PAC”) IN ITS CAPACITY AS A PERSON ACTING IN 
CONCERT WITH THE ACQUIRER , IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF 
INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011, AS AMENDED 
(“SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS”) FROM THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ("OPEN OFFER" OR "OFFER")  
I/We refer to the Letter of Offer dated [] (“Letter of Offer ”) for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me/us in 
Sammaan Capital  Limited . 
I/We, the undersigned, have read the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, the Letter of Offer and 
the Open Offer opening public announcement, and  understood their contents, terms and conditions, and 
unconditionally accept these terms and conditions as mentioned therein.  
I/We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/statements given by me/us, herein are true and correct.  
 
Details of Public Shareholder:  
Name  
(in BLOCK LETTERS)  Holder  Name of the Public  Shareholder 
(s) Permanent Account Number 
(PAN)  
(Please write names of the  Sole/First    
joint holders in the same     
order as appearing in the  Second    
Equity  Share  Third    
certificate(s)/demat     
account)     Contact Number(s) of the  Tel No. (with ISD/STD Code):  
 
 Mobile No.:  
first holder  Fax No.:    
Full Address of the first     
holder (with pin code)     
Email address of the first     
holder     
Date  & place  of    
Incorporation (if     
applicable)      
• FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN DEMATERIALISED FORM:  
I/We, are holding the Equity Shares in dematerialised form, and accept the Offer and enclose a photocopy of the 
delivery instruction in “Off-market”  mode, duly acknowledged by my/our DP  (as defined below)  in respect of my/our 
Equity Shares as detailed below  
DP Name  DP ID  Client ID  Name of 
Beneficiary  No. of Equity 
Shares  
     
     
     
I/We have executed an off -market transaction for crediting the Equity Shares to the Open Offer Escrow Demat 
Account with Ventura Securities Limited as the DP in NSDL styled MIIPL SAMMAAN CAPITAL LTD OPEN OFFER 
ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT  whose particulars are:  
DP Name: Ventura Securities Limited  DP ID: IN303116  Client ID:  15728188  PAN: AABCI3612A  
Public Shareholders having their beneficiary account with CDSL will have to use inter -depository slip for the purpose 
of crediting their Equity Shares in favour of the Open Offer  Escrow Demat Account with NSDL.  
 
• FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL MODE:  
I/We, are holding physical Equity Shares, and accept the Offer and enclose the original share certificate(s) and duly 
signed transfer deed(s) in respect of my/our Equity Shares (as detailed below ) along with enclosures as mentioned 
herein:  
 
Sr. 
No. Regd. Folio 
Number  Share Certificate Number  Distinctive Numbers  No. of Equity 
Shares  From  To 
1      
2      
3      
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach 
a separate sheet the above details and authenticate the 
same)  TOTAL   
 
Enclosures ( please tick whichever is applicable)  
 
□ Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public Shareholder, has signed the Off Market Form 
of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement or Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
□ Original Equity Share certificate(s)  
□ Valid Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
□ Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and specimen signatures of 
authori sed signatories  
□ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in case of single  
Public Shareholder), in case the original Public Shareholder has expired  
□ Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
□ Other relevant documents (please specify)  
FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS (DEMAT SHARES AND PHYSICAL SHARES):  
 
I/We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me/us under this Open Offer, are not 
locked in and are free from any pledges, liens, charges, equitable interests, non -disposal undertakings or any other 
form of encumbrances and are being tendered together with all rights attached thereto, including all rights to 
dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter.  
I/We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity Shares held by me/us will not contravene any applicable law 
and will not breach the terms of any agreement (written or otherwise) that I/we are a party to.  
My/Our execution of this  Off Market  Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement shall constitute my/our warranty 
that the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned by me/us and are sold and transferred by me/us free 
from all liens, charges, claims of third parties and encumbrances. If any claim is made by a ny third party in respect 
of the said Equity Shares, I/we will hold the Acquirer  and/or  the PAC, harmless and indemnified against any loss 
they or either of them may suffer in the event of the Acqu irer acquiring these Equity Shares.  
I/We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Offer Shares in the Open Offer on the foregoing 
basis.  
I/We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts in any 
manner my/our right to tender the Offer Shares in this Open Offer and that I/we am/are legally entitled to tender the 
Offer Shares in this Open Offer.  
I/We also note and understand that the obligation on the Acquirer and/or the PAC to accept the Equity Shares 
tendered by me/us and pay the purchase consideration arises only after verification of the certification, documents 
and signatures submitted along with this Off Market Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgment by the Public 
Shareholders, and subject to the adherence of the instructions.  
I/We undertake to return to the Acquirer any purchase consideration wrongfully received by me/us  
I/We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for holding the Equity Shares and/or for tendering the Equity 
Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith.  
I/We confirm that I/We am/are not persons acting in concert or deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer  
and/ or the PAC. 
I/We give my/our consent to the Acquirer  and/or the PAC, to file any statutory documents, if any, on my/our behalf 
in relation to accepting the Equity Shares in this Open Offer , including under the Foreign Exchange Management 
Act, 1999 . 
I/We confirm that I/we am/are in compliance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the Public Announcement, 
the Detailed Public Statement, and the Letter of Offer.  
I/We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient 
to give effect to my/our tender/offer and agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Acquirer, to 
effectuate this Open Offer in a ccordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and/or SEBI (SAST) Regulations . 
I/We am/are not debarred from dealing in shares or securities , including the Offer Shares . 
I/We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against me/us which may affect the legality of the 
transfer of Equity Shares under the Income Tax Act, including but not limited to Section 281 of the Income Tax Act. 
I/We confirm that no notice has been issued by the income tax author ities impacting the rights to transfer the  Equity 
Shares . 
I/We confirm that in case the Acquirer and/or the PAC is/are of the view that the information/documents provided 
by the Public Shareholder s as requested is inaccurate or incomplete or insufficient, then tax will be deducted at 
source at the applicable maximum rate on the entire consideration paid to the Public Shareholders.  
 
I/We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including surcharge, cess, interest, penalty, etc.) arising 
from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided/to be provided by me/us, or as a result 
of income tax (including any consequent surcharge, cess, interest , penalty , etc. ) on the income arising from 
tendering of the Equity Shares , I/We confirm that we will indemnify the Acquirer for such income tax demand 
(including , surcharge, cess,  interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer with all 
information/documents/returns/forms/income tax filings and compliance documents that may be necessary and co -
operate in any proceedings before any income tax/appellate authority for any liability on the Acquirer as a 
representative assessee in terms of Section 160 -163 of the Income Tax Act.  
I/We confirm that the sale and transfer of the relevant Equity Shares will be complete on the date of the remittance 
of the purchase consideration by the Acquirer and/or the PAC to me/us in any of the modes as set out above. Any 
delay in the receipt of the pu rchase consideration by me/us will not make the sale and transfer of the Equity Shares 
void or voidable.  
I/We note and understand that the Equity Shares would lie in the Open Offer  Escrow Demat Account by the Registrar 
to the Offer on behalf of the Public Shareholders who have accepted this Offer, till completion of formalities relating 
to this Offer. I/We also note and understand that the purchase consideration will be paid only to those Public 
Shareholders who have validly tendered their Equity Shares in this Offer, in accordance with the terms of the Letter 
of Offer . 
I/We authori se the Acquirer to acquire all the Equity Shares so tendered by me/us or such lesser number of Equity 
Shares, which it/they may decide to accept, in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, and in terms of the Letter 
of Offer and I / we further authori se the Acquirer to return to me/us, Equity Shares in respect of which the offer is 
not found valid / not accepted without specifying the reasons thereof.  
• I/We authorise the Acquirer, and the Registrar to the Offer to make payment to me/us in respect of the Offer 
Shares, which are being accepted in the Offer, by electronic transfer of funds in full and final settlement due 
to me/us, by obtaining the bank acc ount details from the beneficiary position download provided by the 
depositories, or send across the crossed account payee cheque, demand draft, or pay order, in full and final 
settlement due to me/us, and/or other documents or papers or correspondence to the sole/first holder at 
the address mentioned above by registered post or ordinary post, at my/our sole risk,  
• return to me/us by registered post or ordinary post, unaccepted documents, if any, at my/our sole risk, 
without specifying the reasons thereof;  
• credit such number of Equity Shares to the same demat account from which they were tendered, to the 
extent that the Equity Shares tendered by me/us are not found valid/accepted, in each case at my/our sole 
risk, without specifying the reasons thereof.  
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE OFF-MARKET FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -
CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT/EQUITY SHARES THAT ARE RECEIVED BY THE REGISTRAR AFTER THE 
CLOSE OF THE OFFER I.E., [] SHALL NOT BE ACCEPTED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES AND HENCE 
ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
For all Public Shareholders  
I/We, confirm that our residential status for the purposes of tax is:  
☐ Resident  ☐ Non-resident, if yes please state country of tax residency:  ______   
(If none of the above box is ticked, the residential status of the Public Shareholder will be considered as non -
resident, for withholding tax purposes  at the option of the Acquirer  and/or the PAC ). 
I/We, confirm that my/our status as a shareholder is: (Please tick whichever is applicable)  
☐ Individual  ☐ Domestic 
Company  ☐ Foreign 
Company  ☐ FII/FPI  – 
Corporate  ☐ FII/FPI – Others  
☐ QFI ☐ FVCI  ☐ Partnership/  ☐ Private Equity  ☐ Pension/Provident Fund  
  Proprietorship  Fund/AIF   
  firm/LLP    
☐Sovereign  ☐Foreign  ☐ Financial  ☐ NRIs/PIOs – ☐ NRIs/PIOs - non- 
Wealth Fund  Trust  Institution  repatriable  Repatriable  
☐Insurance  ☐ OCB  ☐ Domestic Trust  ☐ Banks  ☐ Association of  
Company     person/Body of  
    Individual  
☐ Any others,   
please specify:    
 
I/We, have enclosed the following documents:  
☐ Cancelled cheque or a photocopy of a cheque associated with the particular bank account where payment 
is desired, with MICR/IFSC code of the bank branch clearly mentioned on the cheque, if payment of 
consideration through ECS is required  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Photocopy or counterfoil of the delivery instructions in “off -market” mode duly acknowledged by the 
Shareholders’ DP, in favour of the Open Offer  Escrow Demat Account  
☐ NOC/Tax clearance certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the Income Tax Act  from income tax 
authorities for deduction of tax at lower rate/NIL rate (“TDC”)  on the payment pertaining to Gross 
Consideration (excluding interest),  wherever applicable  
☐ NOC/Tax clearance certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the Income Tax Act from income tax 
authorities for deduction of tax at lower rate/NIL rate on interest payments, wherever applicable  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has signed the application 
form and/or share transfer form(s)  
☐ Corporate authori sation in case of companies along with board resolution and specimen signatures of 
authorised signatories  
☐ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/probate/letter of administration (in case of single 
Shareholder) if the original Public Shareholder is deceased  
Additional confirmations and enclosures for resident Public Shareholders  
I/We, have enclosed the following documents:  
☐ Self-declaration form in Form 15G/Form 15H, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy (applicable only 
for interest payment, if any)  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status, status of Public Shareholders (e.g. individual, firm, 
company, trust, or any other - please specify)  
☐ TDC from income tax authorities for deduction of tax at lower rate/NIL rate (applicable only for interest 
payment, if any)  
☐ For Mutual funds/Banks/Notified Institutions under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the Income Tax Act, attested copy 
of relevant registration or notification (applicable only for interest payment, if any)  
☐ If a Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund intends to claim exemption from TDS under 
Section 197A(1F) of the Income Tax Act, then such fund to provide (i) a copy of SEBI registration certificate 
issued to such fund and (ii) a self -declarat ion certifying that the income earned by such fund is not in the 
nature of business income  
(Note: All resident Public Shareholders are advised to refer to the Section [•]  (Tax Provisions ) of the Letter 
of Offer regarding important disclosures on taxation of the consideration to be received by them. However, 
it may be noted that Shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors for the tax provisions applicable 
to their particular ci rcumstances, as the details provided in Section [•] , as referred above, are indicative and 
for guidance purposes only)  
 
Additional confirmations for non -resident Individual shareholders:  
I/We, confirm that, for Assessment Year 2026 -27, I wish to be governed by new regime under section 115BAC 
of the Income Tax Act:  
☐ Yes ☐ No 
(Note: If none of the above box is ticked, it will be assumed that the non -resident Individual shareholder does 
not wish to be governed by the new regime under section 115BAC of the Income Tax Act, for withholding tax 
purposes).  
 
Additional confirmations and enclosures for FII/FPI Public Shareholders  
I/We, confirm that the Equity Shares of the Target Company are held by me/us on (select whichever is 
applicable):  
☐ Foreign Direct Investment Route  
☐ Portfolio Investment Scheme Route  
☐ Any other (please specify) _________________________________  
I/We, confirm that the Equity Shares tendered by me/us are held on (select whichever is applicable):  
☐ Repatriable basis                                       ☐ Non-repatriable basis  
I/We, confirm that the Equity Shares of the Target Company are held by me/us on (select whichever is 
applicable):  
☐ Investment/Capital Account and income arising from sale of shares is in the nature of capital gain  
☐ Trade Account and the income arising from sale of shares is in the nature of business income  
☐ Any other (please specify) _________________________________  
(Note: For determination of the nature and period of holding, kindly enclose a proof for date of purchase such as 
demat account statement or brokers note. In case the Equity Shares are held on trade account, kindly enclose a 
certificate obtained from India n tax authorities under Section s 195(3) or 197 of the Income Tax Act specifying the 
rate at which tax shall be deducted. In the absence of such a certificate tax will be deducted at the maximum 
marginal rate, applicable to the category to which such FII/FP I belongs, on the entire consideration payable)  
Declaration for treaty benefits (please ☐ the box if applicable):  
☐ I/We confirm that I/we am/are tax resident/s of ______________________ and satisfy all conditions (including 
the relevant provisions of the Multilateral Instrument (MLI) as ratified by India) to claim benefits under the Double 
Taxation Avoidance Agreement (" DTAA ") entered into by India and the country of which I am/we are tax 
resident/s. I/We further confirm that I/We am/are not a tax resident of India as per Section 6 of the Income -Tax 
Act. 
 
(Note: If this box is not ticked, tax will be deducted without considering treaty benefits at the maximum rate applicable 
to the category to which such FII/FPI belongs)  
 
In order to avail benefit of lower rate of tax deduction under the DTAA, if any, kindly enclose a tax residence 
certificate stating that you are a tax resident of your country of residence/incorporation and that you do not have a 
permanent establishment in  India in terms of the DTAA entered into between India and your country of residence, 
along with Form 10F as prescribed in terms of Section 90(5) of the Income Tax Act  and TDC from income tax 
authorities for deduction of tax at a lower rate / NIL rate of t ax. If the TDC is not submitted, tax will be deducted at 
the maximum marginal rate on the gross consideration for the acquisition of shares.  In case there is a permanent 
establishment in India, kindly enclose a certificate from Indian tax authorities, specifying the rate of tax to be 
deducted failing which tax will be deducted up to the maximum marginal rate.  
 
I/We, confirm that: ( Please tick whichever is applicable ) 
☐ No RBI, erstwhile Foreign Investment Promotion Board or other regulatory approval was required by  
me for holding Equity Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer and the Equity Shares are held 
under the general permission of the RBI  
☐ Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Equity Shares that have been tendered in this Open  
Offer are enclosed herewith  
☐ Copy of RBI registration letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me/us is enclosed herewith  
 
 
I/We, have enclosed self -attested copies of the following documents:  
☐ SEBI Registration Certificate for FIIs/FPI (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs. If this is not furnished then 
the tax will be deducted at the maximum rate as may be applicable under the Income Tax Act, on the gross 
consideration for acquisition of shar es, payable to such FIIs/FPIs under the Offer)  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card  
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI regulations 
(mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs. If this is not furnished then the tax will be deducted at the maximum 
rate as may be applicable under the In come Tax Act  , on the gross consideration for acquisition of shares, 
payable to such FIIs/FPIs under the Offer)  
☐ RBI, FIPB, or any other regulatory or any other approval for acquiring Equity Shares of the Target Company 
tendered herein, if applicable  
☐ Proof for period of holding of Equity shares such as demat account statement and brokers note  
☐ Self-declaration for no permanent establishment in India or no business connection in India  
☐ Self-declaration certifying that the place of effective management as defined under section 6 of the Income 
Tax Act is outside India  
☐ Tax residency certificate from Government of the Country or Specified Territory of which you are tax resident 
covering the validity for the entire financial year in which Equity Shares are being tendered  
☐ TDC from income tax authorities, for deduction of tax at a lower rate/NIL rate on income from sale of shares 
and interest income, if any, wherever applicable ☐ Form 10F and such other documents and information as 
prescribed in terms of Section 90(5) of the Income Tax Act  
☐ Other documents and information as mentioned in Section [•]  (Tax Provisions ) of the Letter of Offer.  
☐ FII/FPI Certificate (self -attested declaration certifying the nature of income arising from the sale of Equity 
Shares, whether capital gains or business income)  
☐ Tax certificate issued by the income tax/statutory authorities of the overseas jurisdiction indicating the 
quantum of Overseas Tax to be withheld as per the relevant tax laws of the country in which the non -resident 
Public Shareholder is a tax resident, along with any other information as may  be relevant for this