 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited                                                           +91 022 67522300  
CIN: L55204HR2009PLC145722                                    info@sapphirefoods.in  
                   www.sapphirefoods.in  
Registered Office:  SCO 328, Sector -  9, Panchkula - 134109, Haryana  
Corp orate  Office:  702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
 
Date:  26th August  2026  
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla  
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE  BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 Scrip Code: 543397  
 
Subject:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We refer to our prior disclosure on January 1, 2026, under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations ”) 
(“Earlier Disclosure ”).  
 
1. In our Earlier Disclosure, we had informed you that the Board of Directors of Sapphire 
Foods India Limited (“Transferor Company ”) (“ Board ”), at its meeting held on January 
1, 2026, approved: (a) a scheme of arrangement under Sections 230 -232  of the Companies 
Act, 2013, between the Transferor Company and Devyani International Limited 
(“Transferee Company ”) a company listed on BSE Limited and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited, pursuant to which the Transferor Company would be dissolved without being wound up consequent to its amalgamation with and into the Transferee 
Company (“ Scheme ”). The Transferor Company, Transferee Company, Sapphire Foods 
Mauritius Limited (“SFML ”, promoter of the Transferor Company), Sagista Realty Advisors 
Private Limited (Trustee of QSR Management Trust , promoter of the Transferor Company) 
(“QMT ”), and RJ Corp Limited (promoter of the Transferee Company) had entered into a 
merger framework agreement dated January 1, 2026, to record their understanding 
regarding implementation of the Scheme (“ Merger Framework Agreement ”). 
 
2. As stated in our Earlier Disclosure, the Scheme provides that as consideration of the 
amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company, the Transferee 
Company shall issue and allot to shareholders of the Transferor Company, whose name is 
recorded in the register of members and/ or records of the depository on the Record Date 
(as defined in the Scheme) as follows: “ 177 (One Hundred and Seventy Seven) equity shares 
of the Transferee Company of INR 1/ - each fully paid up for every 100 (One Hundred) equity 
shares of INR 2/ - each fully paid up, held by the shareholders of the Transferor Company ”. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
3. In paragraph (a)(v) of the Earlier Disclosure, we had disclosed that the effectiveness of the 
Scheme is conditional on the transfer by sale of certain shares representing about 18.5% 
of the fully paid -up share capital of the Transferor Company on date by S FML to Arctic 
International Private Limited (“ Arctic ”), (“ Secondary Sale Transaction ”).  
 4. SFML, a promoter of the Transferor Company, has informed the Transferor Company that 
the share purchase agreement between SFML and Arctic (" SPA ") has been terminated by 
mutual agreement of the parties, pursuant to commercial discussions. As a result, SFML would receive shares of Transferee Company in accordance with Scheme, similar to the 
other shareholders of the Transferor Company. However, SFML has informed the Company 
that SFML and Arctic may continue exploring a secondary transaction, which if agreed, may 
be undertaken at a later date, in compliance with all applicable laws. It is clarified that the 
share exchange ratio and other terms and conditions of the Scheme, as approved by the 
Board on January 1, 2026, remain unchanged pursuant to the approval of the revised 
Scheme. 
 
5. In view of the foregoing, a meeting of the Board was convened today, i.e., 26
th August  2026 
(commenced at 07:0 4 P.M.  and concluded at 07.10 P.M. ), pursuant to which the Board, 
based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and Independent Directors 
Committee, has: (i) taken note of the termination of the SPA; and (ii) approved the revised 
Scheme and amended and restated Merger Framework Agreement on account of the 
termination of the SPA, including for the purpose of removing the consummation of the 
Secondary Sale Transaction as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of the Scheme. The above change will not have any impact on the shareholders of either the Transferor 
Company or the Transferee Company, and hence the merger process will continue in the 
ordinary course subject to the requisite approvals.   
 6. Additionally, in S. No. 6 of Annexure A of the Earlier Disclosure, we had stated that “ Prior 
to the Record Date for the Scheme, the shareholding pattern will change on account of: (i) 
completion of the Secondary Sale Transaction; and (ii) any other ordinary course corporate 
actions undertaken by the Transferor Company.” However, with the SPA having been 
terminated, the Secondary Sale Transaction will no longer take place.  
 
7. Other than as contemplated in paragraphs 1 to 6 above, the contents of the Earlier 
Disclosure remain applicable without modification.  
 Request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
For Sapphire Foods India Limited  
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
