 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
January 1, 2026  
The Dy. General Manager (Listing Dept.)   The Manager – Listing Dept.  
BSE Limited       National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Corporate Relationship Dept.,     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,     Plot No.C/1, G. Block.  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 001      Mumbai – 400 051  
(BSE Scrip Code: 543397 )    (NSE Symbol: SAPPHIRE ) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 Sub:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India’s Master Circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155) dated November 11, 2024 (“Circular”).  
 In compliance with Regulations  30 read Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we would like to inform 
you that the Board of Directors of Sapphire Foods India Limited at its meeting held today, has:  
 
(a) Considered and approved, pursuant to the recommendations of the Audit Committee and 
Independent Directors Committee, the scheme of arrangement between Sapphire Foods 
India Limited (“Transferor Company”/ “Company ”) and Devyani International Limited 
(“Transferee Company”) and their respective shareholders (“Scheme”/ “Scheme of Arrangement ”).  
 
(i) Pursuant to the Scheme, with effect from the Appointed Date (defined in the Scheme  as 
April 1, 2026), the Transferor Company shall stand amalgamated with and absorbed into 
the Transferee Company.  
 
(ii) In consideration of the amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company, the Transferee Company shall issue and allot to shareholders of the Transferor 
Company, whose name is recorded in the register of members and/ or records of the 
depository on the Record Date (as defined in the Scheme) as follows: “177 (One Hundred 
and Seventy Seven) equity shares of the Transferee Company of INR 1/- each fully paid 
up for every 100 (One Hundred) equity shares of INR 2 /- each fully paid up, held by th e 
shareholders of the Transferor Company ”. 
 
(iii) The Board also approved the execution, delivery, and performance of  the Scheme and 
the merger framework agreement dated January 1, 2026, by and among the Transferor 
Company,  Transferee Company, Sapphire Foods Mauritius Limited (“ SFML ”), Sagista 
Realty Advisors Private Limited (Trustee of QSR Management Trust) (“QMT”) , and RJ 
Corp Limited ( i.e., promoter of the Transferee Company ) to give effect to the transactions 
envisaged in the Scheme and set out  the rights and obligations of the parties thereto  
(“Merger Framework agreement ”). 
 
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
(iv) The effectiveness of the Scheme is subject to the receipt of required statutory and 
regulatory approvals  and other customary conditions precedent , including approvals / 
non-objections from the: (i) Competition Commission of India; (ii) BSE Limited and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited; (iii) National Company Law Tribunal; (iv) 
creditors and shareholders of the Transferor Company and Transfer ee Company ; and (v) 
other third parties such as contractual counterparties.  
 
(v) The effectiveness of the Scheme is also conditional on the transfer by sale of 5,94, 55,837 
(Five Crore Ninety Four Lakh Fifty Five Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty Seven) 
fully paid up equity shares of INR 2 (Rupees Two) each of the Transferor Company, by 
SFML to Arctic International Private Limited , group company of the Transferee  
Company), representing about 18.5% (Eighteen Point Five Percent) of the fully paid up 
equity share capital of the Transferor Company as on date. (“Secondary Sale 
Transaction ”). Arctic is entitled to assign their  rights to a mutually agreed financial 
investor . 
 
(b) Considered and approved the execution of the binding term sheet among Pizza Pete 
Franchising, LLC, Finger Lickin Good Franchising LLC, Gardiner Lane Capital, LLC 
("Yum US ”), Kentucky Fried Chicken International Holdings LLC, Taco Bell Corp., Pizza 
Hut International, LLC,  Yum! Restaurants (India) Private Limited ( “Yum India” ), SFML, 
Transferee Company  and the Transferor Company  (“Yum India Term Sheet”) . 
 
(c) Considered and approved the shifting of Registered Office of the Company from the State 
of Maharashtra to the State of Haryana.  
 
(i) The Board also approved the amendment to the existing clause II of the Memorandum of 
Association (“MOA ”) of the Company which would be substituted with the following 
clause:  
 
“II. The registered office of the Company will be situated in the State of Haryana.”  
   
(ii) The shifting of registered office and consequent amendment to MOA is subject to the 
receipt of approval of the Members of the Company, Central Government (through 
Regional Director / Registrar of Companies) and such other statutory / regulatory 
approvals , as may be necessary . 
 
(iii) The Board has approved the notice of postal ballot  for seeking approval of the members 
of the Company, in this regard, which will be sent to  the shareholders and simultaneously 
be submitted to the stock exchanges, in due course , in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Listing Regulations.  
 
The Scheme as approved by the Board would be available on the website of the Transferor Company 
at https://www.sapphirefoods.in/  after submission of the same with the Stock Exchanges.  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Circular, 
we are furnishing herewith the details of the: (i) Scheme at Annexure A , and (ii) the Yum India Term 
Sheet at Annexure B . 
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 05.28 p.m. and concluded at 06.05 p.m.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record.   Yours sincerely,  For SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 _______________  Sachin Dudam  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
   

 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
ANNEXURE A  
 
Disclosure of the Scheme under Regulation 30 read with paragraph (A)(1) of Part I of Schedule 
III of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Circular:  
 
Sr. No.  Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the 
entity(ies) forming 
part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief such as, size, turnover etc.  Transferor Company: Sapphire Foods India Limited  
 
Transferee Company: Devyani International Limited.  
 
The brief details pertaining to net worth and turnover (on 
standalone basis) as on 31st March, 2025,  are provided in the 
table below:  
(INR in million)  
Particulars  Transferor 
Company  Transferee 
Company  
Net Worth  13,269.93  10,381.02  
Revenue from 
Operations 24,510.76  33,493.33  
 
  
2.  Whether the 
transaction would fall 
within related party 
transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is 
done at “arm’s 
length”. No - it is not a related party transaction.  
3.  Area of business of the 
entity(ies).  The Transferor and Transferee Company are both engaged in 
the food industry / quick service restaurant business, acting as 
franchisees / licensees of Yum India, and inter alia operating 
Pizza Hut and KFC restaurants in India and few other countries.  
 
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
Sr. No.  Particulars  Details  
4.  Rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger  a. The Transferor Company and the Transferee Company are 
under the same line of business, this amalgamation will 
enable the Transferee Company to absorb the business of 
Transferor Company completely for carrying on more 
effectively and beneficially. 
 
b. The proposed Scheme of Arrangement (‘Scheme’) would 
be in the best interest of the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company and their respective shareholders, 
employees, creditors and other stakeholders as the 
proposed amalgamation will yield inter -alia the following 
advantages:  
(i) Consolidation of the QSR business under the brands 
KFC and Pizza Hut into a single entity in India, except the captive markets like airports and railway stations, resulting in economies of scale, unified strategy and consumer proposition for both brands enabling growth, 
reduction of overheads, harmonization of sales and 
service channels, enhanced operational efficiencies 
including productivity gains, and pooling of financial, 
managerial and technical resources, personnel 
capabilities, skills, expertise and logistical advantages, 
thereby strengthening the competitive position of the 
Transferee Company. 
(ii) Integration of the Transferor Company’s regional 
presence in southern and western India and in Sri 
Lanka with the Transferee Company’s pan-India operations and international presence in Nepal, Nigeria and Thailand, thereby creating a unified platform with 
an enlarged geographical footprint capable of serving 
customers across India and international territories 
with greater consistency, efficiency and quality of 
service.  
(iii) Opportunities to leverage the Transferor Company’s 
regional strength for the Transferee Company’s own 
brands (Biryani By Kilo, Goila Butter Chicken and 
Vaango) and its exclusive Costa Coffee, Tealive, New 
York Fries and Sanook Kitchen franchisee(s) in Indi a, 
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
Sr. No.  Particulars  Details  
thereby broadening customer choice and diversifying 
the brand portfolio of the Transferee Company. 
(iv) Enhanced bargaining power with suppliers, landlords, 
technology providers and other stakeholders, leading to 
improved commercial terms, cost savings and higher 
profitability. 
(v) A single entity would benefit from increased scale, 
focus, innovations in technology and expanded reach 
with increased growth opportunities, higher cross 
selling opportunities to a larger base of customers, 
improvement in productivity and operational 
efficiencies leading to value creation for customers, 
lenders, employees, etc. and stronger cash flow 
generation. 
(vi) Expanded financial strength and scale, facilitating 
improved access to domestic and international capital markets, enabling fund raising on favorable terms, and 
supporting accelerated expansion, modernization and 
growth plans of the Transferee Company. 
(vii) A single entity will have a larger and more 
liquid equity base, improved market visibility, and 
wider investor participation, amongst others thereby 
creating value for shareholders. 
 
5.  In case of cash 
consideration – 
amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio.  
 177 (One Hundred and Seventy Seven) equity shares of the 
Transferee Company of INR 1/ - each fully paid up for every 
100 (One Hundred) equity shares of INR 2/ - each fully paid up, 
held by the shareholders of the Transferor Company 
6.  Brief details of change 
in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of 
listed entity.  
 Prior to the Record Date for the Scheme, the shareholding 
pattern will change on account of: (i) completion of the 
Secondary Sale Transaction; and (ii) any other ordinary course 
corporate actions undertaken by the Transferor Company. 
 
On the Effective Date, the Transferee Company shall issue 
equity shares as mentioned hereinabove at Sr. No. 5 to the 
equity shareholders of the Transferor Company as on the 
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
Sr. No.  Particulars  Details  
Record Date, and the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved 
without being wound up, post the Scheme becoming effective. 
 
SFML and the other promoters and members of the promoter 
group of the Transferor Company will be classified in the 
‘public category’ of shareholders of the Transferee Company 
after the Scheme is effective.    
 
  
 
    
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
ANNEXURE B  
The details regarding the Yum India Term Sheet as required under Regulation 30 and Schedule 
III of the Listing Regulations, read with the SEBI Circular, are us under :  
 
 
1 Name(s) of parties with whom 
the agreement is entered  Pizza Pete Franchising, LLC, Finger Lickin Good Franchising 
LLC, Yum US , Kentucky Fried Chicken International 
Holdings LLC, Taco Bell Corp., Pizza Hut International, LLC,  
Yum India , Transferee Company , SFML,  and Transferor 
Company.  
 
2 Purpose of entering into the 
agreement  The Yum India Term Sheet  has been entered into to  record , 
inter -alia, the understanding amongst the parties for the 
current and future business organization between Yum India, 
Transferee Company  and Transferor Company, wherever 
applicable,  subject to the sanction of the Scheme by the 
National Company Law Tribunal.  
 
3 Size of agreement  Not Applicable  
 
4 Shareholding, if any, in the 
entity with whom the 
agreement is executed  
 No 
5 Significant terms of the 
agreement (in brief) special 
rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share 
subscription in case of issuance 
of shares, right to restrict any 
change in capital structure etc.  Significant terms of the binding term sheet are inter -alia as 
follows:  
 
i. Grant of approval to the proposed amalgamation / merger 
of the Transferor Company with and into the Transferee 
Company;  
 
ii. Amendment(s) in existing development agreement  for 
KFC and Pizza Hut in India , wherever applicable ; and 
 
iii. Agreement towards updated commercial terms for KFC 
and Pizza Hut in India , wherever applicable.  
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
 
The Yum India Term Sheet shall be applicable to the 
Transferor Company  (subject to the receipt of necessary 
approvals from the Competition Commission of India) , to the 
extent relevant , till the time of the Scheme becoming effective, 
as the Transferor Company will stand dissolved without 
winding up by amalgamation with and absorption into the 
Transferee Company, upon the Scheme coming into effect.  
 
6 Whether, the said parties are 
related to promoter/ promoter 
group/ group companies in any 
manner. If yes, nature of 
relationship  
 SFML is a promoter of the Transferor Company and a party to 
the Yum India Term Sheet along with the Transferor 
Company.  
7 Whether the transaction would 
fall within related party 
transactions?  If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s 
length”  No 
8 In case of issuance of shares to 
the parties, details of issue 
price, class of shares issued  Not Applicable  
 
9 In case of loan agreements, 
details of lender/borrower, 
nature of the loan, total amount 
of loan granted/taken, total 
amount outstanding, date of 
execution of the loan 
agreement/sanction letter, 
details of the security provided 
to the lenders / by the 
borrowers for such loan or in 
case outstanding loans lent to a 
party or borrowed from a party 
become material on a 
cumulative basis  Not Applicable  
 
  
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in  
  www.sapphirefoods.in  
 702, Prism Tower, A -Wing, Mindspace,  Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai - 400062  
Sapphire Foods India Limited  
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005  
 
  10 Any other disclosures related 
to such agreements, viz., 
details of nominee on the board 
of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest 
arising out of such agreements, 
etc. Not Applicable  
11 In case of termination or 
amendment of agreement, 
listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock 
exchange(s):  
i. name of parties to the 
agreement;  
ii. nature of the agreement;  
iii. date of execution of the 
agreement;  
iv. details of amendment and 
impact thereof or reasons 
of termination and impact 
thereof  
 Not Applicable  