 
 
 
SML Mahindra Limited  
Trucks & Buses  
 
Regd. Office & Works:  
Village Asron, Distt. Shahid Bhagat Singh  
Nagar (Nawanshahr) Punjab – 144533  
Tel +91 1881 270155  
 
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, T -7 Tech Park , C-119, Industrial Area  Phase -7, 
SAS Nagar (Mohali ) – 160055  (Punjab ), Telephone 0172 - 2647700 -02 
CIN No. L50101PB1983PLC005516  
Website :   www.smlmahindra.com  
SML/SEC/2026 -27-041 
Date: 29th July 2026  
 
Dy. General Manager - 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Services,  
PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400001  The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400051  
Scrip Code: 505192  Scrip Code: SMLMAH  
 
Sub: Acquisition of Mahindra & Mahindra’s Truck and Bus Division by the Company 
on a Slump Sale basis under Business Transfer Agreement  
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
This is to inform that the Board of Directors of SML Mahindra Limited (“ Company ”) at its 
meeting held today, i.e., 29th July, 2026, based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, approved the acquisition of the Truck and Bus Division together with its 
employees, assets, intellectual property, licenses, permits, insurance policies, contracts, 
interests, rights, and lia bilities (“ MTBD Business Undertaking ”) of Mahindra & Mahindra 
Limited (“ M&M ”), a holding company of the Company, as a going concern on a slump sale 
basis, under a Business Transfer Agreement (“ BTA”), for a consideration of Rs. 525 crore, 
subject to working capital adjustments as set out in BTA.  
 
The aforesaid transaction shall be undertaken pursuant to the terms and conditions set out 
in the BTA, proposed to be executed on or before 7th August  2026 between the Company 
and M&M.  
 
The above approval is subject to receipt of the requisite shareholders' approval under 
Regulation 23 of the LODR Regulations and  / or any other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act”) or the LODR Regulations.   
 Th
e Board meeting of the Company commenced at 01:35 PM and concluded at 01:50 PM 
today.
 
The details as required under the LODR Regulations read with LODR Master Circular are 
attached as ‘ Annexure A ’ to this letter.  
 
 
 
 
 
 smi
mahindra
 
 
 
SML Mahindra Limited  
Trucks & Buses  
 
Regd. Office & Works:  
Village Asron, Distt. Shahid Bhagat Singh  
Nagar (Nawanshahr) Punjab – 144533  
Tel +91 1881 270155  
 
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, T -7 Tech Park , C-119, Industrial Area  Phase -7, 
SAS Nagar (Mohali ) – 160055  (Punjab ), Telephone 0172 - 2647700 -02 
CIN No. L50101PB1983PLC005516  
Website :   www.smlmahindra.com  
 
We also enclose herewith the Press Release being issued in this regard as Annexure B.  
 
This intimation is also available on the website of the Company at https://smlmahindra.com/ .  
 
The above is for your information and records.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For SML Mahindra Limited  
(Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
 
 
 
PARVESH MADAN  
Company Secretary  
pmadan@smlmahindra.com  
ACS-31266  
 
Enclosure: Annexure A & B  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 smi
mahindra
 
 
 
SML Mahindra Limited  
Trucks & Buses  
 
Regd. Office & Works:  
Village Asron, Distt. Shahid Bhagat Singh  
Nagar (Nawanshahr) Punjab – 144533  
Tel +91 1881 270155  
 
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, T -7 Tech Park , C-119, Industrial Area  Phase -7, 
SAS Nagar (Mohali ) – 160055  (Punjab ), Telephone 0172 - 2647700 -02 
CIN No. L50101PB1983PLC005516  
Website :   www.smlmahindra.com  
 
 
Annexure A  
 
Disclosure of information pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
S. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the target division, details in 
brief such as size, turnover etc.  The Board of Directors of the Company has 
approved the acquisition of truck and bus division 
of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (“ M&M ”) together 
with its employees, assets, intellectual property, 
licenses, permits, insurance policies, contracts, 
interests, rights, and liabilities (“ MTBD Business 
Undertaking ”), as a going concern on a slump 
sale basis, under a Business Transfer Agreement 
(“BTA”).  
 
During the Financial Year 2025 -26, MTBD 
Business Undertaking sold 14832 vehicles and 
posted a turnover of  Rs. 2989 crore.  
 
2.  Brief details of seller and whether any 
of the seller belong to the promoter/ 
promoter group/group companies. If 
yes, details thereof;  Mahindra & Mahindra Limited is a public limited 
company listed on the stock exchanges and is a 
holding company and promoter of the Company 
and holds 58.97% of the issued and paid -up 
equity share capital of the Company.  
 
Mahindra Truck and Bus is a division of Mahindra 
& Mahindra Limited, offering a comprehensive 
portfolio of light, intermediate, and heavy 
commercial trucks and buses for cargo and 
passenger transportation.  The business is 
focused on delivering fuel -efficie nt, 
technologically advanced, and reliable 
transportation solutions.  
 
The same is being acquired on a going concern 
basis by way of a slump sale.  
3.  Whether the acquisition of target 
division /  transaction would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and 
whether the promoter/ promoter 
group/ group companies have any 
interest in the entity from which of 
target division is being  acquired? If M&M is a holding company and promoter of the 
Company and holds 58.97% of the issued and 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company. 
Thus, the Company is a subsidiary of M&M in 
terms of Section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 
2013. The equity shares of M&M are also listed on 
the BSE and NSE.  smi
mahindra
 
 
 
SML Mahindra Limited  
Trucks & Buses  
 
Regd. Office & Works:  
Village Asron, Distt. Shahid Bhagat Singh  
Nagar (Nawanshahr) Punjab – 144533  
Tel +91 1881 270155  
 
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, T -7 Tech Park , C-119, Industrial Area  Phase -7, 
SAS Nagar (Mohali ) – 160055  (Punjab ), Telephone 0172 - 2647700 -02 
CIN No. L50101PB1983PLC005516  
Website :   www.smlmahindra.com  
S. 
No. Particulars  Details  
yes, nature of interest and details 
thereof and whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”.  
 The acquisition of MTBD Business Undertaking is 
a related party transaction.  
 
The acquisition is done on an arm’s length basis.  
4.  Area of business of the entity(ies);  ➢ Seller:  Mahindra & Mahindra Limited is primarily 
engaged in the business of mobility products and 
farm solutions. The Company offers a wide range 
of products and solutions ranging from SUVs, 
pick-ups, commercial vehicles and tractors to farm 
machinery, gensets an d construction equipment.  
➢  
Buyer:  SML is a listed company with well -
recognized brands, strong heritage and pan -India 
presence in the ‘Trucks & Buses ‘segment. The 
company has a market leading position in 
the ‘ILCV [Intermediate and Light Commercial 
Vehicles] Buses segment.  
5.  Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs.  Not applicable.  
 
6.  Rational / Objects and impact of 
acquisition of target division 
(including but not limited to, 
disclosure of reasons for acquisition 
of target entity, if its business is 
outside the main line of business of 
the listed entity).  
 The acquisition is a strategic step towards 
creating a unified Truck & Bus business in 
Mahindra group  with a comprehensive presence 
across light, intermediate and heavy commercial 
vehicles . 
 
The combined business is expected to benefit 
from enhanced scale, broader market coverage, a 
strengthened product portfolio and improved 
operational efficiencies.  
 
Overall, the transaction is expected to create a 
comprehensive, future -ready organization 
equipped with the scale, capabilities, and agility 
needed to drive sustainable long -term growth.  
7.  Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition  Not Applicable  
8.  Indicative time period for completion 
of the acquisition of target division.  The acquisition is proposed to be consummated 
on or before 31st January, 2027, or such later date 
as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties, 
subject to SML shareholders’ approval and 
satisfactory fulfilment of the conditions precedent, 
in accordance with the terms of the BTA.  
  smi
mahindra
 
 
 
SML Mahindra Limited  
Trucks & Buses  
 
Regd. Office & Works:  
Village Asron, Distt. Shahid Bhagat Singh  
Nagar (Nawanshahr) Punjab – 144533  
Tel +91 1881 270155  
 
SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, T -7 Tech Park , C-119, Industrial Area  Phase -7, 
SAS Nagar (Mohali ) – 160055  (Punjab ), Telephone 0172 - 2647700 -02 
CIN No. L50101PB1983PLC005516  
Website :   www.smlmahindra.com  
S. 
No. Particulars  Details  
9.  Consideration - whether cash 
consideration or share swap or any 
other form and details of the same.  
 The consideration shall be in the form of cash.  
 
The MTBD Business Undertaking will be acquired 
for a cash consideration of Rs. 525 crore, subject 
to working capital adjustments as set out in BTA.  
 
The consideration amount payable for the 
transaction has been derived based on the 
valuation report obtained by the Company from 
BDO Valuation Advisory LLP.  
10.  Cost of acquisition of target division 
and/or the price at which the shares  
are acquired.  Please refer to point no. 9 above  
11.  Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and / or number of shares 
acquired.  Not Applicable  
12.  Brief background about the entity 
acquired in terms of products/line of 
business acquired, date of 
incorporation, history of last 3 years 
turnover, country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and any 
other significant information (in brief)  Not Applicable   
13.  Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) listed 
entity;  Since the transaction involves only the acquisition 
of MTBD Business Undertaking, the shareholding 
pattern of the Company will not be changed due 
to this transaction.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 smi
mahindra—

                   
 
 
 
SML Mahindra Board Approves Acquisition of Mahindra Truck & Bus Division, 
Creating a Unified Truck & Bus Business  
• Consolidates Mahindra Group’s truck and bus businesses under a single focused entity  
• Creates a comprehensive commercial vehicle portfolio across light, intermediate and 
heavy trucks, as well as buses  
• Simplified operating structure expected to drive greater scale, synergy, sharper market 
focus and improved competitiveness  
• Transaction is expected to be completed during  FY2027  
Mumbai, July 29, 2026 : The Board of Directors of SML Mahindra Limited (“SML”) has approved the 
acquisition of Mahindra Truck  and Bus Division (“MTBD”)  from Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
(“M&M”)  on a slump sale basis . The transaction is expected to be completed during FY2027.  
The acquisition marks a significant milestone in SML's growth journey and represents a strategic step 
for Mahindra Group towards creating a unified Truck & Bus business with a comprehensive presence 
across light, intermediate and heavy commercial vehicles, as well as buses in the >3.5T CV segment.  
Following M&M's acquisition of a 58.9 7% stake in SML Mahindra Limited (formerly SML Isuzu 
Limited)  from Sumitomo Corporation and Isuzu Motors Limited on August 1, 2025, and the subsequent 
mandatory open offer, the proposed transfer of MTBD to SML is a natural next step in creating a 
simplified operating model with sharper market focus, enhanced scale a nd improved competitiveness.  
Dr. Anish Shah, Group CEO & MD , Mahindra Group, said,  "The transaction simplifies Mahindra 
Group's commercial vehicle business structure by consolidating truck and bus operations under SML 
Mahindra, creating a single focused entity dedicated to growth and leadership in the commercial 
vehicle sector. This is a n important step towards our aspiration of building a leading position in the 
Truck & Bus segment and creating long -term value for all stakeholders. ” 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director and CEO, Auto and Farm Sector, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd., 
said, “This partnership is about unlocking the best of both organisations. By combining strengths of 
SML and Mahindra Truck & Bus, we can drive meaningful synergies across operations, technology and 
customer -facing domains while preserving the unique heritage and  market positioning of both brands. 
Together, the two brands will be better placed to expand customer reach, enhance offerings and create 
greater value for all stakeholders.”  
Mr. Vinod Sahay, Executive Chairman of SML , said, "This acquisition is a transformative step in the 
evolution of SML Mahindra. By bringing together SML and Mahindra Truck & Business under one 
unified commercial vehicle platform, we are creating a stronger business with greater scale, broader 
market covera ge and a more comprehensive product portfolio. The combination leverages the 
complementary strengths of both organizations and is expected to unlock significant commercial and 
operational synergies. We believe this transaction will enhance our competitiven ess, improve 
operational effectiveness and create sustainable long -term value for our customers, employees, 
partners and shareholders."  
 Annexure B
smi ____
mahind mahindraRse
                   
 
 
 
By bringing together the complementary strengths of SML and MTBD, the combined business is 
expected to benefit from enhanced scale, broader market coverage, a strengthened product portfolio 
and improved operational efficiencies. The transaction will create  a stronger platform to serve 
customers across multiple applications and segments while enhancing the Company's ability to 
compete in an increasingly dynamic and consolidated commercial vehicle market.  
As part of the transaction, the Company will acquire the Mahindra Truck & Bus business as a going 
concern on a slump sale basis.  Manufacturing of Mahindra branded trucks and buses will continue to 
be undertaken by M&M under a contract manufacturing arrangement, ensuring continuity of supply 
and operational stability.  
About Mahindra  Group  
 
Founded in 1945, the Mahindra Group is one of the largest and most admired multinational federation 
of companies with 324000 employees in over 100 countries. It enjoys a leadership position in farm 
equipment, utility vehicles, information technology and fi nancial services in India and is the world’s 
largest tractor company by volume. It has a strong presence in renewable energy, agriculture, logistics, 
hospitality and real estate.  
 
The Mahindra Group has a clear focus on leading ESG globally, enabling rural prosperity and enhancing 
urban living, with a goal to drive positive change in the lives of communities and stakeholders to 
enable them to Rise.  
 
Learn more about Mahindra on www.mahindra.com / Twitter and Facebook: @MahindraRise/ For 
updates subscribe to https://www.mahindra.com/news -room  
 
About SML Mahindra Limited (Formerly SML Isuzu Limited)  
 
SML, established in 1983, is a listed company with well -recognized brands, strong heritage and pan -
India presence in the ‘Truck & Bus ’ segment. The company has a market leading position in the  ‘ILCV 
[Intermediate and Light Commercial Vehicles] Buses segment.  
 
About Mahindra Truck and Bus Division (“MTBD”)  
 
Mahindra Truck and Bus is  a division of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, offering a comprehensive 
portfolio of light, intermediate, and heavy commercial trucks and buses for cargo and passenger 
transportation.  The business is focused on delivering fuel -efficient, technologically advan ced, and 
reliable transportation solutions.  
 
For media queries:  
 
Swati Khandelwal  
SVP & Head – Group Communications  
Mahindra Group  
Khandelwal.swati@mahindra.com  
 smi _____
mahindra mahindraRse