Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial E state, 2nd Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai –  400 030  
Corporate Office: Tower -A, Sonata Towers, Global Village (Sattva Global City), RVCE Post, Kengeri Hobli,  
Mysore Road, Bengaluru -  560059, India  
CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110         W: www.sonata -software.com   
        E : info@sonata -software.com  
        T: +91 80 6778 1 000  
 
11th June , 2026  
 
National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited  
Exchange  Plaza,  Bandra  Kurla  Complex,         Mumbai  
Kind  Attn:  Manager,  Listing  Department   
       Stock Code  - SONATSOFTW  BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers,  Dalal Street ,                                                                                                                          Mumbai  
Kind  Attn:  Manager,  Listing  Department   
Stock  Code  - 532221  
 
Dear Ma’am/ Sirs, 
 
Sub: Intimation  under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations  and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”)  
 
In furtherance to our letter dated 7th May 2024, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) , we would like to inform that 
the Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgamation between Encore I.T. Services Solutions Private Limited 
(Transferor Company) and Sonata Software Limited (Transferee Company / the Company) and their 
respective Shareholders and Creditors  under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 , has been 
sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench (“NCLT”) b y its order passed 
on 5th June, 2026.  
 
A copy of the order approving the Scheme has been made available on the NCLT website today, i.e., 11th 
June, 2026 and is attached herewith.  The certified copy of the said order of NCLT is awaited.  The scheme 
shall become effective upon filling of the certified copy of the order with the Registrar of Companies.  
 
Please take the same on your record.  
 Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully  
For Sonata Software Limited 
 
  
Mangal Kulkarni  
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal  
616 
NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT  II 
CHENNAI 
 
ATTENDANCE CUM ORDER SHEET OF THE HEARING OF NATIONAL 
COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, CHENNAI BENCH, HELD ON 05.06.2026 AT                       
10.30 A.M. THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING: 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
PRESENT: SHRI. JYOTI KUMAR TRIPATHI, HON'BLE MEMBER (JUDICIAL)                                                               
     SHRI. RAVICHANDRAN RAMASAMY, HON'BLE MEMBER (TECHNICAL) 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
PETITION NUMBER   : CP(CAA)/17(CHE)/2025 
 
APPLICATION NUMBER       : CA(CAA)/56/CHE/2024 
 
 
 
NAME OF THE APPLICANT   : Encore I.T Services Solutions Pvt Ltd 
 
NAME OF THE RESPONDENT(S)     :    -- 
    
UNDER SECTION                                   : Sec 230 - 232 of CA, 2013 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ORDER  
Present: Ld. Counsel Mr. Parameshwar G Bhat for the Applicant. 
 Vide separate order pronounced in open court, CP(CAA)/17(CHE)/2025 
is allowed. 
 
     -SD-                                 -SD- 
RAVICHANDRAN RAMASAMY                    JYOTI KUMAR TRIPATHI 
Member (Technical)                                                Member (Judicial) 
 
kg 
 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, 
DIVISION BENCH - II, CHENNAI  
 
CP (CAA) / 17 (CHE) / 2025 
In 
CA (CAA) / 56 (CHE) / 2024 
(Filed under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013)  
 
In the matter of Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgamation between Encore I.T. 
Services Solution Private Limited (Transferor Company) and Sonata Software Limited 
(Transferee Company) and their respective Shareholders and Creditors and their 
respective Shareholders 
ENCORE I.T. SERVICES SOLUTION PRIVATE LIMITED, 
CIN: U72200TN2009PTC096017, 
Having its Registered Office at  
HTC Tower, 41, GST Road, 
Guindy, Chennai  600 032.   
... 1st Petitioner / Transferor Company  
 
With 
SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED, 
CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110, 
Having its Registered Office at  
208, TV INDL Estate, 2nd Floor, 
S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, 
Mumbai, Maharastra  400 030.   
... 2nd Petitioner / Transferee Company  
Order Pronounced on 05th June 2026 
 
CORAM  
Shri. JYOTI KUMAR TRIPATHI, MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
Shri. RAVICHANDRAN RAMASAMY, MEMBER (TECHNICAL) 
 
Present: -  
  
  
  
  
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   ORDER 
(Hearing Conducted though Hybrid Mode) 
1. This Joint Company Petition has been filed by ENCORE I.T. SERVICES 
SOLUTION PRIVATE LIMITED (hereinafter referred as 1st Petitioner Company / 
Transferor Comapny), and SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED (hereinafter referred as 
Petitioner Company / Transferee Company) under section 230-232 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (for 
Arrangement ( hereinafter 
) proposed between the Petitioners Company. 
 
2. 1ST MOTION APPLICATION  
The Petitioner Companies had filed First Motion Application vide CA 
(CAA) / 56 (CHE) / 2024 and sought directions for Dispensation/ Convening the 
meeting of its Members/ Shareholders and Creditors regarding approval of the 
proposed Scheme. Based on the submissions, this Tribunal vide Order dated 
05.03.2025 has ordered to dispense of the meetings of Equity Shareholders/ 
Members, Secured Creditors of both Companies and Unsecured Creditors of 
Transferor Company and to convene the meetings of Unsecured Creditors of 
Transferee Company. 
 
3. SCHEME SUMMARY  
The Scheme provides for the Arrangement between ENCORE I.T. 
SERVICES SOLUTION PRIVATE LIMITED  With SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED  
their respective Shareholders and Creditors. Both the Petitioner Companies come 
under the jurisdiction of this Tribunal. 
 
 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   4. RATIONALE OF THE SCHEME 
The rationale and benefits of the Scheme are briefed in Clause C of the 
Part A of the Scheme as follows,  
RATIONALE FOR THE SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION: 
1. General Rationale and Purpose 
The proposed merger between Encore I.T. Services Solutions Private Limited and Sonata 
Software Limited aims to achieve operational efficiencies. This consolidation is expected 
to streamline the corporate structure, reduce administrative costs and enhance the 
strategic focus on core business activities. 
The amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company would, 
inter-alia, have the following additional benefits:  
2. Operational efficiency 
a) In order to consolidate the business at one place and effectively manage the Transferor 
Company and Transferee Company as a single entity, which will provide several benefits 
including streamlined group structure by reducing the number of separate legal entities, 
reducing the multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances, rationalizing costs, it is 
intended that Transferor Company be amalgamated with the Transferee Company. 
b) The independent operations of the Transferor Company and Transferee Company leads 
to incurrence of cost and the amalgamation would achieving cost savings. The 
amalgamation will thus eliminate a multi-layer structure and reduce managerial 
overlaps, which are necessarily involved in running multiple entities and also prevent 
cost duplication that can erode financial efficiencies of a holding structure and the 
resultant operation would be substantially cost-efficient. 
c) The synergy created by scheme of amalgamation would increase operational efficiency 
and integrate business functions. 
3. Synergies and Resource Optimization: 
d) The other benefits of proposed amalgamation include: 
i. Optimum and efficient utilization and rationalization of capital, resources, assets and 
facilities; 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   ii. Better management and focus on growing the business; 
iii.Obtaining synergy benefits; 
Cost savings are expected to flow from more focused operational efforts, rationalization, 
standardization and simplification of business processes, and elimination of duplication, 
and rationalization of administrative expenses. 
These aspects were placed before the Audit Committee of the Transferee Company and 
after their review, the proposed amalgamation has been recommended to the Board of 
Directors of the Transferee Company. The said amalgamation has also been recommended 
by the Board of Directors of the Transferor Company. 
Accordingly, the Boards of Directors of the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company have formulated this Scheme of Amalgamation for the transfer and vesting of 
the entire undertakings and businesses of the Transferor Company with, and into the 
Transferee Company pursuant to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other relevant 
provisions of the Act.  
It is stated that the Board of Directors of both the Petitioner Companies 
have proposed the Scheme of Amalgamation. This Scheme provides for various 
other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected herewith . 
5. In the second motion Petition filed by the Petitioner Companies, this 
Tribunal vide order dated 16.04.2025 directed the Petitioner Companies to issue 
notice to the Statutory / Regulatory Authorities concerned as well as directed to 
issue paper publication.  
6. In compliance with the said directions issued by this Tribunal, the 
Petitioner Companies effected paper publications in Business Standard  in 
English (All India Edition) and Makkal Kural  in Tamil (Tamil Nadu Edition).  
The notices were also served to  
(i) Regional Director, Southern Region, Chennai, 
(ii) Official Liquidator, 
(iii) Income Tax Department and other regulators.  
(iv) Sectoral Regulatory Authorities, if any. 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   Pursuant to the service of notice of the petitions, the following statutory 
authorities have responded. 
 
8.  S TATUTORY / REGULATORY AUTHORITIES  
8.1.  REGIONAL DIRECTOR 
8.1.1. The Regional Director (RD), Southern Region to whom the notice was 
served, has filed its report on 28.07.2025
 
3. It is submitted that as per clause 1.2. of Part-B of the Scheme, the Appointed 
Date means the date from which this Scheme shall become operative viz. the 
commencement of business on 1st April, 2024 or if the Board of Directors of the 
Transferee require any other date prior or subsequent to 1st April, 2024 and/or the 
Date to such other date, then the same shall be the Appointed Date. In this regard, 
petitioner companies may be directed to have appointed date as 01.04.2024 which is 
within one year from the date of filing of application 
 
l Company Law Tribunal, 
Chennai vide its order CA (CAA)/56(CHE)/2024 dated 05.03.2025 
 
Comp  Chennai Bench vide order CA(CAA)/56/CHE/2024 
dated 05.03.2025 has dispensed with convening of meeting of equity shareholders of 
the Transferor Company as consent affidavits have been received. 
b. itors mId nil Unsecured 
Creditors for the Transferor Company .Hence meeting of Secured and Unsecured 
Creditors of the Transferor Company does not arise. 
5. It is submitted that Clause 9.1 of Part-C of the Scheme provides that upon this 
scheme becoming effective, any staff, workmen and employees of the Transferee 
Company on the basis that: 
a. Their service shall have been continuous and shall not have been interrupted by 
reason of such transfer as if such transfer is effected under Section 25FF of the 
Industrial Disputes Act 1947. 
b. The terms and conditions of employment applicable to the said employees after 
such transfer shall not in any way be less favourable to them than those applicable to 
them immediately before the transfer 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   c. In the event of retrenchment of such employees, the Transferee Company shall be 
liable to pay compensation in accordance with law on the basis that the services of 
the staff, workmen or other employees shall have been continuous and. shall not have 
been interrupted by reason of such transfer . 
6. It is submitted that Clause 13.1 of Part-C of the Scheme provides that upon this 
scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company being a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company the entire Equity shares are held by the 
Transferee Company by itself and through its nominee(s) in the Transferor Company 
will get cancelled or extinguished and hence the issue of any consideration does not 
arise. 
Upon coming into effect of this, the shares or the share certificates of the Transferor 
Company in relation to the shares held by the Transferee Company, as the case maybe 
without any further application, acts, instruments, or deeds, be deemed to have been 
automatically cancelled and be of no effect without any necessity of them being 
surrendered. 
7. As per Clause 12.1 of Part C of the Scheme, with effect from the Appointed Date 
and upon the Scheme becoming effective, subject to any collections and adjustments 
as may in the opinion of the Board of the Transferee be required, the Authorized share 
capital of the Transferor shall be deemed to be re-organized or re-classified and shall 
stand combined with the Authorized share capital of the Transferee Company, in the 
same form as they appear in the financial statements of the Transferee. That is, each 
Equity Share of Face Value of Rs. 100/- of the Transferor will be re-classified to 100 
Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs.1/-. each of the Transferee Company. 
 
9. As per Clause 15 of Part C of the Scheme, subject to an order being made by the 
NCLT under Section 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall be dissolved without the process of 
winding up, in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules made 
thereunder. 
10. It is humbly submitted that as per the report dated 23.07.2025 of ROC, Chennai, 
the Transferor Company is regular in filing its statutory returns and filed up-to 
financial year 2023-24. No prosecution / technical scrutiny / inspection / complaints 
are pending against the Transferor Company. 
11. It is humbly submitted that the petitioner companies may kindly be directed to 
undertake to comply with the provisions of Section 240 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and provisions of Section 232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited 12. The Scheme of Amalgamation filed with the application has been examined and 
submissions are made particularly at Para.3 and 11 of the r
hereby tter on merits duly 
and pass such order/orders as deemed fit and proper.
8.2. I NCOME TAX DEPARTMENT
8.2.1. The Income Tax Department to whom the notice was served and has filed 
its report on 06.05.2025
8.2.3. It is stated that in the present scheme of Amalgamation even though the 
Transferor Company gets dissolved, the liabilities of the same will be delved 
upon this Petitioner Company/ Transferee Company and therefore the Income 
Tax Department can proceed with their proceedings if any and approval of this 
Scheme does not cause any prejudice.
8.3. O FFICIAL LIQUIDATOR
8.3.1. The Official Liquidator to whom the notice was served, has filed its report 
on 31.08.2025
Scheme as follows,
2. It is submitted that the said Chartered Accountant firm has verified the books
and accounts and other records of the Transferor Company for the period of 5 years
from 1.4.2019 to 31.3.2024 and submitted their report dated 20/8/2025 received on
29/8/2025. Copy of the report of the Chartered Accountant is enclosed herewith and
marked as Annexure for kind perusal of this Hon'ble Tribunal. 
3. That in accordance with the basis of notice of petition served on 5/5/2025 to the 
Official Liquidator by the Transferor Company and also considering the conclusion 

 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   made by the Chartered Accountants in their report dated 20/8/2025 (received by 
Official Liquidator on 29/8/2025) as detailed in para 2 of the report, the specific 
representation of Official Liquidator in respect of Transferor Company is humbly 
submitted as follows :- 
(i) Employee protection undertaking:  
That, the clause 9.1 of the scheme seeks to protect the employees of the Transferor 
Company only if they are in service immediately before the effective date, and hence, 
this Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to direct the companies to submit an 
undertaking to this Hon'ble Tribunal to the effect that there would be no 
retrenchment of any employees who were in service as on Appointed Date (1.4.2024) 
as well except in the event of their resignation on their own before the Effective Date. 
(ii) Auto modification of the scheme without prior consent of Tribunal: 
That, the clause 6.1 (Taxation and other matters) of the scheme providing for auto 
modification of content of the scheme, post its sanction by this Hon'ble Tribunal, it 
is submitted that such auto modification of the content of the scheme to be in 
compliance with Income Tax Law etc., without the previous approval / sanction of 
this Hon'ble Tribunal will be in violation of section 231(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 
2013 as every modification of the content of the scheme requires approval by this 
Hon'ble Tribunal. Hence, this Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to direct the 
Transferor and Transferee Companies to delete / modify the clause 6.1 of the scheme 
by way of amendment to the scheme proposed, so as to ensure that no such auto 
amendment / modification of the scheme takes place, post its sanction by this Hon'ble 
Tribunal or to submit an undertaking to this Hon'ble Tribunal to the effect that such 
auto modification of the content of the scheme will not be implemented without prior 
approval of this Hon'ble Tribunal. 
4. Therefore, it is submitted that the Official Liquidator is of the humble opinion that 
the affairs of the Transferor Company appear to have not been conducted in a manner 
prejudicial to the interest of its members or to public interest subject to 
representation at para 3 above. 
5. In view of the above, the Official Liquidator humbly submits that the above facts 
for consideration of this Hon'ble Tribunal and prays for the following orders:- 
a. To take this report on record and consider the report of M/s. S.D. Raj Associates, 
Chartered Accountants and issue directions to the Transferor and Transferee 
Companies, as deem fit;  
b. To fix remuneration payable to the auditor who has scrutinized the affairs of the 
Transferor Company for the period of 5 years upto Appointed Date (1/4/2024) i.e. 
2019-20, 2020-21, 2021-22, 2022-23 and 2023-24; 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited c. To direct the Applicant Company to deposit such remuneration / fee within the 
stipulated period as may be prescribed by this Hon'ble Tribunal,
d. And pass such order/orders as this Hon'ble Tribunal may deem fit and proper in 
the facts and circumstances of the case.
8.4. R EPLY TO THE STATUTORY OBJECTIONS
The Petitioner companies have filed their response to the statutory 
objectionsin their reply 13.08.2025and the same is extracted below: 

Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited Reply to the Official Liquidator:

Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited Reply to the Income Tax Department:
1. AY 2021-22 and 2022-23: The Company Assessment Section 143(3), where the 
entire tax demand pertains to transfer pricing (TP) adjustments, similar to those in AY 
2016-17, for which a favourable ITAT order has already been received. In response, the 
Company has filed appeals before the CIT (A) and also submitted applications seeking a 
stay on the demand until the disposal of appeals. As of now, the cases are pending for 
hearing. 
AY 2024-25: As per the intimation under section 143(1), certain ICDS adjustmentswere 
disallowed since they were not reported by the Tax Auditor under the ICDS disclosure in 
the Tax Audit Report. The Company has now filed a rectified return, reclassifying these 
adjustments outside the Income Computation and Disclosure Standards head and 
adjusting them separately in the Return of Income. Upon processing of the rectified 
return, the Company expects a refund position. 
2. Pursuant to the Clause 6.4 of the Scheme of Amalgamation, Transferee Company shall 
be entitled to revise all its Statutory returns relating to Direct Taxes like Income Tax and 
Wealth Tax and to claim refunds/advance tax credits and/or set off the tax liabilities of the 
Transferor Company under the relevant laws and its rights to make such revisions in the 
statutory returns and to claim refunds, advance tax credits and/or set off the tax liabilities 
is expressly granted.
Further, pursuant to the Clause Of Amalgamation, it is expressly clarified that with 
effect from the Date, by the Transferor Companies including all or any refunds of the 
claims/ TDS Certificates shall be treated as the 6.5 of the Scheme Appointed Payable all 
taxes the tax liability of refunds/claims/TDS Certificates as the case may be of the 
Transferee Company.

 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   Hence, it will not affect in any way to the liability, if any to the Income Tax authorities. 
Based on the outcome of the appeals which were referred in the above point, the Transferee 
Company shall have to comply with the requirement of any liabilities pending or arisen 
for the Transferor Company. These liabilities will not affect the Scheme of Amalgamation 
in any ways.  
 
9.  A CCOUNTING TREATMENT  
It is stated that the certificates issued by the Statutory Auditors certifying 
the Accounting Treatment of the petitioner companies are in compliance with 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 are placed on record.    
 
10.  V ALUATION  
In Clause 13 of the Scheme of the application, it is stated that upon the 
Scheme becoming effective, Transferee Company shall, without any further 
application or deed, but subject to necessary approvals, if any, being granted, issue 
and allot equity shares, credited as fully paid-up, to the extent indicated below, to 
the shareholders of Transferor Company as on the Effective Date or to such of their 
respective heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives or their 
successors in title,  
13.1 The Transferor Company being a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company, the entire Equity Shares are held by the Transferee Company by itself and 
through its nominee(s) in the Transferor Company will get cancelled or extinguished 
and hence the issue of any consideration does not arise. 
13.2 Upon coming into effect of this, the shares or the share certificates of the Transferor 
Company in relation to the shares held by the Transferee Company, as the case maybe 
without any further application, acts, instruments or deeds, be deemed to have been 
automatically cancelled and be of no effect without any necessity of them being 
surrendered.  
 
 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   11.  OBSERVATIONS OF THIS TRIBUNAL  
11.1. This Tribunal is of the view that the scheme as contemplated by the 
Petitioner companies seems to be prima facie not, in any way detrimental to the 
interest of the members of the Companies.  In view of the absence of any material 
objections from any statutory authorities and since all the requisite statutory 
compliances have been fulfilled, this Tribunal sanctions the Scheme of 
Amalgamation as well as the prayer made therein.  
11.2. Notwithstanding the above, if there is any deficiency found or, the 
violation committed qua any enactment, statutory rule or regulation, the 
sanction granted by this Tribunal will not come in the way of action being taken, 
albeit, in accordance with the law, against the concerned persons, directors and 
officials of the petitioners.  
11.3. While approving the Scheme as above, it is clarified that this order should 
not be construed as an order in any way granting exemption from payment of 
stamp duty, taxes or any other charges, if any, payment is due or required in 
accordance with law or in respect to any permission/ compliance with any other 
requirement which may be specifically required under any law. 
 
12.  THIS TRIBUNAL DO FURTHER ORDER 
(i) That all properties, rights and interests of the Transferor Companies 
shall, pursuant to Section 232(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 without 
further act or deed be transferred to and vest in or be deemed to have 
been transferred and vested in the Resulting Company in terms of the 
Scheme.  
(ii) That all the liabilities, powers, engagements, obligations and duties of 
the Transferor Companies shall pursuant to Section 232(3) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 without further act or deed be transferred to and 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   vest in or be deemed to have been transferred and vested in the 
Resulting Company in terms of the Scheme. 
(iii) 01.04.2024 for the 
Amalgamation as mentioned in Clause 1.2 of the Scheme.  
(iv) Clause 1.4 Part A 
of the scheme. 
(v) That the for the Scheme shall be defined as per the 
Scheme. 
(vi) That all proceedings now pending by or against the Petitioner 
Companies shall be continued by the Resultant Company. 
(vii) That all the employees/workmen of the Petitioner Companies in 
service on the date immediately preceding the date on which the 
Scheme finally takes effect shall become the employees of the 
Resultant Company without any break or interruption in their service 
with all the benefits.   
(viii) That the Resultant Company shall file the revised Memorandum and 
Articles of Association with the Registrar of Companies, concerned 
and further make the requisite payments of the differential fee (if any) 
for the enhancement of authorized capital of the Resultant Company 
after setting off the fees paid by the Petitioner Companies. 
(ix) That the Petitioner Companies, shall within thirty days of the date of 
receipt of this order cause a certified copy of this order to be delivered 
to the Registrar of Companies for registration and on such certified 
copy being so delivered, the Registrar of Companies shall place all 
documents relating to the 1st Petitioner Company registered with him 
 
Encore I.T. Services Solution Private Limited With Sonata Software Limited   
   on the file kept by him in relation to 2nd Petitioner Company shall be 
consolidated accordingly.  
(x) That any person interested shall be at liberty to apply to the Tribunal 
in the above matter for any directions that may be necessary. 
 
13. Accordingly, the Company Petition CP (CAA) / 17 (CHE) / 2025  stands 
Allowed  on the aforementioned terms and is disposed of.   
 
 
 
 
RAVICHANDRAN RAMASAMY               JYOTI KUMAR TRIPATHI 
MEMBER (TECHNICAL)                                             MEMBER (JUDICIAL) 
 