 
30th April 2026. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Order passed by the National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (the 
‘NCLT’) approving the Scheme of Arrangement in the nature of Reorganisation and 
Reclassification of Reserves of Suzlon Energy Limited (the ‘Scheme’). 
 
Ref.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to 
time (‘Listing Regulations’), read with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
circular dated 13th July 2023 bearing reference no.SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-
1/P/CIR/2023/123, as amended. 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 28th October 2024 and other letters in the subject matter and 
lastly dated 12th December 2025.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, this is to further inform that the NCLT has, vide 
its order dated 29th April 2026 (the ‘Order’), sanctioned the Scheme. On filing of the certified copy of 
the Order with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, the Scheme would become effective from 30th 
September 2024, being the appointed date (“Appointed Date”), in terms of the Scheme. 
 
In terms of the Scheme, negative balance in the Retained Earnings of the Company as on the 
Appointed Date shall be adjusted chronologically against the following reserves, viz., Capital 
Reserve, Capital Contribution, Capital Redemption Reserve, Securities Premium, and General 
Reserve. Further, the Company shall reclassify the balance, in the General Reserve Account to the 
Retained Earnings Account.  
 
This is to further clarify that the actual accounting impact, together with detailed disclosures and 
notes, will be presented in the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31st 
March 2026, following due consideration and approval by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
A copy of the Order is available on the website of the Company at www.suzlon.com . 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 