 
 
 
Ref.:  SEC/1148/2026 -27 
October 1 , 202 6 
 
 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001.  
Maharashtra, India.  
Scrip code : 500470  The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G-Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra, 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
Maharashtra, India.  
Symbol:  TATASTEEL  
 
Dear Madam, Sirs,  
 
Subject: Pronouncement of Order by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai  
Bench , approving and sanctioning the Scheme of Amalgamation amongst Tata Steel Limited 
and Rujuvalika Investments Limited  and their respective shareholders  
 
This is further to our disclosure dated July 31 , 2024,  in connection with the Scheme of Amalgamation 
amongst Tata Steel Limited (‘ Transferee Company /Company ’) and Rujuvalika  Investments Limited, 
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  (‘Transferor Company ’) and their respective shareholders 
(‘Scheme of Amalgamation ’), under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder  and other applicable 
laws, as amended from time to time . 
 
This is to inform you that  today  i.e. October 1 , 202 6, the  Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal  
(‘Hon’ble NCLT ’), Mumbai  Bench, having jurisdiction over the Transfe ree Company  and Transferor 
Company , pronounced the order approving and sanctioning the aforesaid Scheme of Amalgamation  
(‘Order’ ).  
 
In view of the above, the Scheme of Amalgamation stands approved and sanctioned.  
 
The copy of the Order as uploaded on the website of the Hon’ble NCLT , Mumbai Bench , is enclosed 
herewith . 
 
This disclosure is being made in terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 51 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Steel Limited 
 
 
Parvatheesam Kanchinadham  
Company Secretary and Chief Legal Officer  
 
Encl: Copy of the Order  
Page 1 of 25 
 IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/2025  
 
[Under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamation s) Rules, 2016]  
 
Ordered on :01.10 .2026  
IN THE MATTER      OF 
SCHEME OF ARRANGEMENT BETWEEN  
TATA STEEL  LIMITED  
[CIN: L27100MH1907PLC000260 ]  
Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street,  
Fort, Mumbai Maharashtra.                 
 ...First Petitioner Company/  
Transfer ee Company                                                         
 
AND  
 
RUJUVALIKA INVESTMENTS 
LIMITED   
[CIN:  U67120MH1988PLC049872 ]  
3rd Floor, One Forbes,  
1 Dr. V. B. Gandhi Marg, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001, Maharashtra .                          
 ...Second Petitioner Company/  
Transferor Company      
AND THEIR  RESPECTIVE  SHAREHOLDERS  
  CORAM:  
HON’BLE SHRI ASHISH KALIA, MEMBER (JUDICIAL)  
HON’BLE SHRI BANWARI LAL MEENA , MEMBER (TECHNICAL)  
Appearances: (Hybrid)  
For the Petitioner(s)                     : Adv. Shyam Kapadia  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 For the Regional Director (WR)   : Mr. Gaurav Jaiswal, Company Prosecutor    
for Regional Director (Western Region I & 
II), MCA (VC)  
ORDER  
     [PER : ASHISH KALIA, MEMBER (JUDICIAL) ] 
1. The present Company Petition is filed jointly on 15.05 .2026  by Tata 
Steel  Limited  (hereinafter referred to as ‘First Petitioner Company’ or 
‘Transfer ee Company’) and Rujuvalika Investments Limited  
(hereinafter referred to as ‘ Second Petitioner Company’ or ‘Transferor 
Company’)  under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) read 
with the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 (hereinafter referred to as “the CAA 
Rules”) seeking sanction  of this Tribunal  to the proposed Scheme of 
Amalgamation . The Transferor Compan y and the Transferee 
Compan y are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Petitioner 
Companies”.  
2. The Board of Directors of the Transferor Co mpany, at its meeting held 
on 19.03.2024, considered and approved the Scheme. Thereafter, 
the Board approved a revised Scheme and, at its meeting held on 
10.07.2024, approved further revisions, including incorporations 
mandated pursuant to the RBI NOC. The  Board of Directors of the 
Transferee Company, in its meeting held on 20.03.2024, considered 
and accorded its in -principle approval to the Scheme. Subsequently, 
definitive approval to the Scheme was accorded on 31.07.2024. 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 Certified true copies of the resp ective Board Resolutions have been 
placed on record .  
3. The Transferor Company is engaged in the business of non -banking 
financial activity. The Transferor Company was granted a Certificate 
of Registration by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) on 31.03.1998, 
to carry on the business of a non -banking financial institution. In 2022, 
the RBI recategorized the Transferor Company as a Systematically 
Important Non -Deposit Taking Middle Layer Non -Banking Financial 
Company.  
4. The Transferee Company is engaged in the bus iness of 
manufacturing steel and offers a broad range of steel products 
including a portfolio of high value -added downstream products such 
as hot rolled, cold rolled and coated steel, rebars, wire rods, tubes 
and wires. The Transferee Company also has a we ll-established 
distribution network.  
5. The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company and does not have any active operations as a 
Non-Banking Financial Company (“NBFC”).  
6. It is submitted that the rationale of the proposed Schem e is as 
under: - 
“The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Transferee Company. Amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company with and into the Transferee Company would, inter 
alia, entail the following benefits:  
i. Assist in simplifying the corporate structure of Tata Steel 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 group and reduction of shareholding tiers ; 
ii. Reduction in the multiplicity of legal and regulatory 
compliances required at present to be carried out by both 
the Transferor Company and Transferee Company ;  
iii. Reduction in the number of le gal entities within the Tata 
Steel group as a result of amalgamation ; 
iv. Result in savings of administration, operations, 
compliances, and other costs associated with managing 
separate entities . 
The amalgamation is in the interest of the shareholders and all 
other stakeholders of the respective Companies (as defined 
hereinunder) and is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
concerned shareholders and other stakeholders. ” 
7. Upon coming into effect of this Scheme, all the shares of the 
Transferor Company held by the Transferee Company (either directly 
or through nominees) on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled 
without any further application, act or deed. Further, the investment in 
the shares of the  Transferor Company, appearing in the books of 
accounts of th e Transferee Company shall, without any further act or 
deed, stand cancelled. It is clarified that no new shares shall be issued 
nor payment shall be made in cash whatsoever by the Transferee 
Company in lieu of cancellation of such shares of the Transferor  
Company . 
8. The joint Company Scheme Petition is filed in consonance with 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Act along 
with the order of this Tribunal dated 25.03 .2026  passed in C.A. (CAA) 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 / 162 / MB / 2025 (First Motion) and subsequent order dated 
05.06 .2026  passed in C.P.(CAA)/ 69/MB/202 6 (Second Motion).  It is 
submitted that the Petitioner Companies have complied with all 
requirements as per directions of this Tribunal and have filed 
necessary affidavits of compliance. Moreover, the Petitioner 
Companies undertake to comply with all statutory/regulatory 
requirements, as mandated under the Act and the Rules made 
thereunder. The undertaking given by the Petitioner Companies is 
taken on record.   
9. The Regional Director (Western Region), Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Mumbai has filed its Report dated 21.08 .2026 , inter alia, 
stating its observations on the Scheme in para 2  (a) to (m) of the 
Report. In response to the observations made by the Regional 
Director, the Petitioner Companies have filed an Affidavit -in-Reply , 
which was e -filed with the Tribunal on  22.08 .2026  and have given 
necessary clarifications and undertakings as shown in the Table 
below: - 
Para 
(2) Observation by the RD  Undertaking of the Petitioner 
Companies / Rejoinder  
2(a)  That on examination of the report of the 
Registrar of Companies/ Mumbai -I dated 
05.08.2026 (Annexed as Annexure A -1) for 
Petitioner Companies falls within the 
jurisdiction of ROC/ Mumbai -I. It is submitted 
that no representation regarding the proposed 
sche me of Amalgamation/ Arrangement has 
been received against the Petitioner So far as the observations made 
in paragraph 2 (a) and 2 (a) (i) of 
the Report are concer ned, it is 
submitted that the observations 
are self -explanatory and do not 
require a response.  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 Companies. Further, the Petitioner 
Companies has filed Financial Statements up 
to 31.03.2025.  
i.  That the ROC Mumbai -I in his report dated 
05.08.2026 has also stated that No Inquiry, 
Inspection, Investigatiorrs, Prosecutions 
under CA, 2013 have been pending against 
the Petitioner Companies.  
ii.  Further ROC has mentioned as follows: - 
a. The proposed scheme of amalgamation at 
202(a) has stated that the Transferor 
Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Transferee Company. Accordingly, 
Rujuvalika  Investments Limited (Transferor 
Company) is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Tata Steel Limited (Transferee Company). 
The said subsidiary -holding relationship 
has been confirmed from the financials of 
Rujuvalika Investments Limited as at 
31.03.2025 whereby an nexed Note B(d) on 
Shareholding of Promoters has shown 
13,28,800 nos. of shares i.e. 100% of 
shares are held by Tata Steel Limited and 
its nominees.  
Further, the Note No. 'F -I’ on Trade 
Investments, Investments in Equity 
Instruments, Investments in Group 
Companies (Quoted) has shown an 
investment in Tata Steel Limited having 
11,68,393 shares of Rs. 10/ - each.  
Thus, Rujuvalika Investments Limited is 
wholly owned subsidiary as well as holding 
shares in Tata Steel Limited.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (a) (ii) a) of the 
Report is concerned, it is 
submitted that:  
a) Under Proviso (c) to Section 
19(1) of the Companies Act, 
2013 ("Act"), a subsidiary is 
permitted to hold shares of its 
holding comp any, if such shares 
were held by it prior to it 
becoming a subsidiary of the 
holding Company, provided that 
such shares of the holding 
company held by the subsidiary 
would not hold any voting rights. 
b) In this background, it is 
submitted that the Transfer or 
Company became a subsidiary 
of the Transferee Company on 
May 8, 2015 (prior to which it was 
an associate company of the 
Transferee Company), pursuant 
to the acquisition of the shares of 
the Transferor Company by the 
Transferee Company from the 
other sha reholders of the 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 Section 19 of the Companies Act, 2013 – 
provides that Subsidiary Company not to 
hold Shares in its Holding Company. 
Provisions of Section 19 (1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 as reproduced  as 
follows: "No company shall, either by itself 
or through its nominees, hold any shares in 
its holding company and no holding 
company shall allot or transfer its shares to 
any of its subsidiary companies and any 
such allotment or transfer of shares of  a 
company to its subsidiary  company shall 
be void:  
Provided that nothing in this sub -section 
shall apply to a case - (a) where  the 
subsidiary  company holds such shares as 
the legal 7ep7esentahr?e of a deceased 
member of the holding company; or (b) 
where th e subsicha7y company holds such 
slra7es as a trustee; or (c) It>lure the 
subsidiary  company is a shareholder eve n 
before it became subsidiary  company of 
the holding Company" Hon’ble Tribunal 
may be pleased to require the Transferor 
Company to clarify in th is respe ct.  Transferor Company. Further, 
the Annual Report of the 
Transferor Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 
2013, discloses that the 
Transferor Company owned 
11,68,393 equity shares of the 
INR 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) 
of the Transfe ree Company as 
on March 31, 2013. Accordingly, 
the Transferor Company held the 
shares of the Transferee 
Company prior to becoming a 
subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company on May 8, 2015. It is 
further submitted that such 
shares of the Transferee 
Company held  by the Transferor 
Company do not carry any voting 
rights. Accordingly, the 
Transferor Company holding 
11,68,393 "Ordinary" equity 
shares of INR 10 (Indian Rupee 
Ten only) each, of the Transferee 
Company, is not violative of the 
provisions of the Act. A co py of 
the Annual Report of the 
Transferor Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 
2013, is hereto annexed and 
marked as Exhibit "B".  
c) It is further submitted that 
under Clause 15.2 of the 
Scheme, upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, all the 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 shares of the Transferee 
Company that are held by the 
Transferor Company, if any 
(either directly or indirectly or 
through nominees) shall stand 
cancelled without any further 
application act or deed. 
Accordingly, at any rate, the 
11,68,393 "Ordinary" equity 
share s of INR 1 (Indian Rupee 
One only) each of the Transferee 
Company, held by the Transferor 
Company shall stand cancelled 
upon the effectiveness of the 
Scheme.  
 a) Appointed date is 01.04.2023 – in terms of 
Section 230(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with MCA Circular No. F.No. 
7/12/2019/CL -1 dated 21.08.2019 issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, where 
the 'appointed date’ is chosen as a specific 
calendar d ate, it may precede the date of 
filing of the application for scheme of 
merger/amalgamation in NCLT. However, 
if the 'appointed date’ is significantly ante -
dated beyond a year from the date of filing, 
the justification for the same would have to 
be specifi cally brought out in the scheme 
and it should not be against public interest. 
As per the proposed scheme the appointed 
dated is 01.04.2023 and the Company 
Application (CAA) No. 16 VMB/2025 has 
been filed with the Hon’ble Tribunal on 
27.05.2025, which is an te-dated beyond a So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (a) (ii) b) of the 
Report is concerned, it is 
submitted that:  
a) General Circular No. 9/2019 
dated August 21, 2019, issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs ("MCA Circular"), 
provides that where an 
appointed date is "significantly 
antedated beyond a year' from 
the date of filing, the reasoning 
for the same will ha ve to be 
provided in the Scheme and the 
same should not be against 
"public interest''.  
b) Accordingly, in compliance 
with the MCA Circular, the 
reasoning of the Appointed Date 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 year. Hon’ble Tribunal may be pleased to 
require the Transferor Companies to clarify 
in this respect.  is set out in paragraph 8.2 of the 
Scheme as being "to facilitate a 
seamless co nsolidation of books 
of the Transferor Company with 
the Transferee Company for the 
entire .financial year 2023 -24 
and that any alternative date 
would affect this consolidation 
exercise. Additionally, the RBI, 
being the relevant sectoral 
regulator in relati on to the 
Transferor Company has 
granted the RBI NOC on the 
basis of a draft Scheme with an 
Appointed Date of April 1, 2023. 
Furthermore, since the 
Transferor Company is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company, the 
selection of an Appointed Dat e of 
April 1, 2023, as the Appointed 
Date does not result in any 
adverse implications or 
otherwise affect the public 
interest.”  
c) It is submitted that gap 
between the Appointed Date and 
the Company Application is 
explained on account of the 
following: (i ) Amendment to the 
Scheme on account of the RBI 
NOC: Post initial board 
approvals for the Scheme by the 
Boards of the Transferor 
Company and Transferee 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 Company on March 19, 2024 
and March 20, 2024 respectively, 
the Transferor Company sought 
the No -Objectio n of the Reserve 
Bank of India ("RBI") for the 
Scheme on March 30, 2024, 
which was received by way of the 
RBl's No -Objection Certificate 
dated June 18, 2024 ("RBI 
NOC"), which inter alia directed 
the Transferor Company to insert 
a clause in the Scheme, 
regarding transfer of legal 
proceedings of the Transferor 
Company to the Transferee 
Company. In compliance with the 
RBI NOC, the Petitioner 
Companies inserted the directed 
Clause as Clause 12.2.6(a) of 
the Scheme and the revised 
Scheme was approved by the 
Boards of the Transferor and 
Transferee Company on June 
10, 2024 and July 31, 2024, 
respectively. Accordingly, the 
gap is partly attributable to the 
RBI directed amendment to the 
Scheme; and (ii) Engagement 
with Secured Creditor of the 
Transferee Company: The  
Transferee Company had a 
single secured creditor i.e. the 
Joint Plant Committee ("JPC") 
(an entity under the aegis of the 
Ministry of Steel, Government of 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 India), whose consent was 
ordinarily required for the 
Scheme, under the applicable 
loan arrangements . In this regard 
certain discussions were 
undertaken between the 
Transferee Company and the 
JPC, and it was considered 
appropriate and, in the interest of 
time, to proceed with the filing of 
the company scheme 
application, only upon conclusion 
of such disc ussions, which 
entailed some time. Pursuant to 
these discussions, the 
Transferee Company on April 25, 
2025, made a payment of INR 
2,824.15 crore to the JPC 
towards the discharge of its 
obligations under the loan 
arrangements. Consequently, 
the Companies we re in a position 
to proceed with the Scheme and 
proceeded to file the company 
scheme application bearing No. 
CA(CAA)/ 162/MB/2025 on May 
26, 2025 ("Company 
Application").   
d) It is further submitted that the 
Scheme provides for the 
amalgamation of a wholly  owned 
company into its holding 
company. In view of the 
aforesaid, it is submitted that: (i) 
the Scheme is between a wholly 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 owned subsidiary and its holding 
company and accordingly the 
Scheme does not involve any 
public interest; (ii) as a wholly 
owned sub sidiary, the books of 
accounts of the Transferor 
Company are consolidated with 
the books of accounts of the 
Transferee Company; and (iii) 
the pre -Scheme net -worth of the 
Petitioner Companies and the 
post-scheme net -worth of the 
Transferee Company are both 
highly positive. Further, the 
assets of the Transferee 
Company are in excess of and 
more than sufficient to meet all its 
external liabilities and the debt 
repayment capacity of the 
Transferee Company will not be 
affected by the Scheme. 
Accordin gly, the Sch eme will not 
have any adverse implications 
on the stakeholders of the 
Petitioner Companies and is not 
against the public interest.  
e) In view of the above, it is 
submitted that the Scheme and 
the Appointed Date are both in 
compliance with the MCA 
Circular .   
 b) With reference to Para 22 of the scheme, 
as stated h the provision of Companies Act, 
2013 namely section 232(3)(i) which inter -So far as the observation made 
in parag raph 2 (a) (ii) c) of the 
Report is concerned, it is 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 alia provides that, if a company is dissolved 
the fee paid by such company on its 
Authorized Capital shall be set off against 
any fees payable by the Transferee 
Company on its Authorized Capital. The 
Transferee Company may be directed to 
pay differential fees, if any, after setting of 
the fees already paid by the Transferor 
Company.  submitted that the Petitioner 
Company shall comply with the 
provisions of Section 232 (3) (i) 
of Act and undertakes to pay 
necessary fees, if so, required in 
compliance with applicable law.  
 c) Interest of  the Creditors & Employees 
should be protected.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (a) (ii) d) of the 
Report is concerned, it is 
submitted that:  
a) the Transferor Company does 
not have any employees on its 
payroll as on the date of this Joint 
Affidavit. Further, in relation to 
the Transferee Company, it is 
submitted that under Scheme, no 
rights of the employees, who are 
on the payroll of the Transf eree 
Company are being affected and 
that the services of the 
employees of the Transferee 
Company shall continue on the 
same terms and conditions, post 
the effectiveness of the Scheme; 
and  
b) the Pre -Scheme net -worth of 
the Petitioner Companies and 
the pos t-scheme net -worth of the 
Transferee Company are both 
highly positive. Further, the 
assets of the Transferee 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 Company are in excess of and 
more than sufficient to meet all its 
external liabilities and the debt 
repayment capacity of the 
Transferee Company wi ll not be 
affected by the Scheme. 
Accordingly, the Scheme will not 
have any adverse implications 
on the stakeholders of the 
Petitioner Companies. It is 
further submitted that under 
Clause 12.2.2 of the Scheme, all 
liabilities and debts of the 
Transferor Co mpany shall be 
deemed to be the debts and 
liabilities, of the Transferee 
Company and the Transferee 
Company undertakes to meet, 
discharge and satisfy the same 
in terms of their respective terms 
and conditions. Accordingly, the 
interests of the creditors of  the 
Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company are 
protected under the Scheme.  
 d) May be decided on its merits.  
Hence, the Petitioner Companies shall 
undertake to submit detailed reply against 
observations mentioned above.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (a) (ii) e) of the 
Report is concerned, it is 
submitted that the observation 
does not require a response.  
2(b) Transferee company should undertake to 
comply with the provisions of section 232(3)(i) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 through 
appropriate affirmation in respect of fees So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (b) of the Report 
is concerned, it is reiterated that 
the Tran sferee Company shall 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 payable by Transferee Company for increase 
of share capital on account of merger of 
transfer of companies.  comply with the provisions of 
Section 232 (3) (i) of Act and 
undertakes to pay necessary 
fees, if so required, in 
compliance with applicable law.  
2(c) In compliance of Accounting Standard -14 or 
IND-AS 103, as may be applicable, the 
transferee company shall pass such 
accounting entries which are necessary in 
connection with the scheme to comply with 
other applicable Accounting Standards 
including AS -5 or IND AS -8 etc  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (c) of the Report 
is concerned, it is submitted that 
the Transferee Company shall 
pass, in compliance with 
Accounting Standard -14 or IND -
AS 103, such accounting entries 
which are necessary in 
conne ction with the Scheme to 
comply with other accounting 
standards including AS -5 or IND 
AS-8. 
2(d) The Hon’ble Tribunal may kindly direct the 
Petitioner Companies to file an affidavit to the 
extent that the Scheme enclosed to the 
Company Application and Com pany Petition 
are one and same and there is no 
discrepancy, or no change is made.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (d) of the Report 
is concerned, it is submitted that 
the Petitioner Companies 
confirm by way of this Joint 
Affidavit that the Scheme 
annexed to the Company 
Scheme Application No. 
CA(CAA)/ 162/MB/2025 and 
Company Scheme Petition No. 
CP(CAA) / 69 /MB/ 2026 
("Company Petition") are one 
and the same and there is no 
discrepancy, or change made to 
the Scheme.  
2(e) The Petitioner Compa nies under provisions of 
section 230(5) of the Companies Act 2013 So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (e) of the Report 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 have to serve notices to concerned authorities 
which are likely to be affected by the 
Amalgamation or arrangement. Further/ the 
approval of the scheme by the Hon’ble 
Tribunal may not deter s uch authorities to deal 
with any of the issues arising after giving effect 
to the scheme. The decision of such 
authorities shall be binding on the petitioner 
companies concerned.  is concerned, it is submitted that 
the Petitioner Companies have in 
compliance with the orders of 
this Hon'ble Tribunal dated 
March 25, 2026, in the Company 
Application and June 5, 2026, in 
the Company Petition, already 
issued notices to the concerned 
authorities pursuant to Section 
230(5) of the Act, and have filed 
requisite affidavits of service with 
this Hon'ble Tribunal in 
connection with the same. 
Copies of the notices have also 
been placed on the website of 
the Transferee Company. It is 
further submit ted that under the 
terms of Clause 12.2.6 of the 
Scheme, upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, all 
proceedings of whatsoever 
nature relating to the Transferor 
Company whether pending or 
instituted any time in the future 
shall be continued by or against 
the T ransferee Company shall 
not abate, be discontinued or in 
any way prejudicially be affected 
by reason of this amalgamation 
or because of the Scheme and 
that such proceedings shall 
continue by or against the 
Transferee Company in the 
same manner and to the s ame 
extent as they would have been 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 continued, prosecuted and/or 
enforced by or against the 
Transferor Company, as if the 
Scheme had not been 
implemented.  
2(f) As per Definition of the Scheme,  
“Appointed Date"  means opening of 
business on April 1, 2023, or such other date 
as may be determined by the Board of 
Directors of the concerned Companies or 
directed/allowed by the Competent Authority; 
"Effective Date"  means the date or last of the 
dates on which the cert ified copies of the order 
of the Competent Authority sanctioning the 
Scheme are filed by the Transferor Company 
and the Transferee Company with the 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai (whichever 
is later) after all the conditions and matters 
referred to in Clau se 21 of the Scheme occur 
or have been fulfilled, obtained or waived, as 
applicable, in accordance with this Scheme, 
and which filing may be a filing independent of 
the filing required to be made under section 
232(5) of the Act, read with Rule 25(7) of the  
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. Any 
references in this Scheme to "upon this 
Scheme become effective" or "effectiveness of 
this Scheme" or likewise, shall mean the 
Effective Date;  
In this regard it is submitted that sec tion 230 to 
232 of the Companies Act, 2013 states that 
the scheme under this section shall clarify 
indicate an appointed date from which it shall So far as the observations made 
in paragraph  2 (f) of the Report is 
concerned, it is submitted that 
this observation has already 
been appropriately addressed at 
paragraph 6 hereto. However, it 
is clarified that the Appointed 
Date is April 1, 2023, while the 
Company Application was filed 
on May 27, 2 025, and 
accordingly, the Appointed Date 
was not ante -dated by 3 (three) 
years at the time of filing the 
Company Application.  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 be effective and the scheme shall be deemed 
to be effective from such date.  
The appointed date is 01.04.2023 which is 
antedated more than three years. The Hon’ble 
NCLT may kindly direct the petitioner 
company to amend its appointed date in 
compliance of Ministry’s circular no. F. No. 7/ 
12/ 2019/ CL -1 dated 21.08.2019.  
2(g) The Petitioner Companies shall undertake to 
comply with the directions of the I.T. 
Department and GST Department, if any.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (g) of the Report 
is concerned, it is submitted that 
the Petitioner Company 
undertakes to comply with the 
directions of the Income Tax 
Department & GST Department, 
if any, in accordance with 
applicable law.  
2(h) Petitioner Companies shall undertake to 
comply with the directions of the concerned 
sectoral Regulatory, if any.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (h) of the Report 
is concerned, it is submitted that 
the Petitioner Companies 
undertake to compl y with the 
directions of the concerned 
sectoral regulators, if any, in 
accordance with. applicable law.  
2(i)  The Petitioner Company states that the 
Transferee Company shall be in compliance 
with provisions of Section 2(IB) of the Income 
Tax Act/ 1961. In this regard, the petitioner 
company shall ensure compliance of all the 
provisions of Income Tax Act and Rules 
thereunder  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (i) of the Report is 
concern ed, it is submitted that 
the Transferee Company 
undertakes to comply with the 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 
1961 and the Income Tax Act, 
2025 and the rules framed 
thereunder, as applicable.  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 2(j) As per the list of shareholders of Petitioner 
Transferee  Company, they have foreign 
shareholders hence Petitioner Transferee 
Company shall undertake to comply with 
guidelines of RBI/ FEMA/ FERA.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (j) of the Report is 
concerned, it is submitted that 
the Transferee Com pany 
undertakes to comply with the 
provisions of Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, the 
Foreign Exchange Regulation 
Act, 1973 and the guidelines 
issued by the RBI.  
2(k) The Transferee Company is listed company, 
and Transferor Company is wholly owned 
subsidiary of Transferee Company hence 
NOC from BSE/ NSE is not required but 
Petitioner Companies shall undertake to 
comply with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (k) of the Report, 
the Transferee Company 
undertakes  to comply with the 
provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 
2015.  
2(l) The Petitioner Companies have submitted the 
No Objection Certificate ("NOC") issued by the 
Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") dated 
18.06.2024, as the Petitioner Transferor 
Company is engaged in NBFC activities. Upon 
perusal of the said NOC, it is observed that the 
RBI has advised the Petitioner Companies to 
submit certain documents to the concerned 
bank within 1 5 days from the effective date of 
the Scheme. In this regard, the Petitioner 
Companies undertake to duly comply with the 
observations and requirements stipulated by 
the RBI.  So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (1) of the Report, 
the Petitioner Co mpanies 
undertake to comply with the 
requirements stipulated in the 
RBI NOC, including the 
requirement to file/ surrender (as 
applicable) the following 
documents with the RBI, within 
15 (fifteen) days of the 
effectiveness of the Scheme, as 
provided at para graph 4 of the 
RBI NOC: (a) Surender of 
original certificate of registration 
("CoR")  of the Transferor 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 Company along with such 
documents prescribed under the 
press release dated December 
1, 2022 on 'Voluntary Surrender 
of CoR by NBFCs (including 
HFCs) for cancellation - 
Application Form and Indicative 
Checklist'. (b) Copy of NCLT 
order approving the Scheme; 
and (c) amalgamated 
audited/provisional financials of 
the resulting company.  
2(m) As per shareholding pattern as on 31.03.2025 
submitted by the Petitioner company, details 
of shareholding is as follows: - 
Petitioner 
Company  Name of 
the 
Sharehold
er % of 
shares 
held 
Rujuvalika 
Investment
s Limited  Tata Steel 
Limited  100 
Tata Steel 
Limited  Tata Sons 
Private 
Limited  31.76  
Life 
Insurance 
of 
Corporation 
India  07.81  
 
No Form BEN -2 has been filed by any of the 
Petitioner Company as per records available 
at MCA21 Portal, hence Petitioner Companies So far as the observation made 
in paragraph 2 (m) of the Report, 
it is submitted that neither of the 
Petitioner  Companies have any 
"significant beneficial owner" in 
terms of Section 90 of the Act 
and the Companies (Significant 
Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018 
(as amended) ("SBO Rules"). 
Further, neither of the Petitioner 
Companies have received any 
declaration of sig nificant 
beneficial ownership under the 
Act and SBO Rules. Accordingly, 
the Petitioner Companies are not 
required to file Form BEN -2 
under the terms of the Act and 
the SBO Rules. However, the 
Petitioner Companies undertake 
to ensure time bound compliance 
with Section 90 of the Act, as 
applicable.  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 shall undertake to comply with the provisions 
of section 90 of Companies Act/ 2013 r/w. 
Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners) 
Amendment Rules, 2019, thereunder and to 
file Form' BEN -2 for declaring name of the 
significant beneficial owner with concerned 
ROC.  
Under the aforesaid circumstances, it is 
submitted the onus of due compliance of the 
provision of Companies Act, 2013 & Rules are 
laying with the Company and its KMP’s. 
Therefore, Hon’ble NCLT may kindly issue 
direction to the company and KMP’s to ensure 
time bound compliance  of Section 90 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and such defaults 
should be made good as required under the 
provisions of the Act in prescribe manner.  
 
10. It is observed that no objector has come before this Tribunal to 
oppose the Scheme, nor has any party controverted any averments 
made in the Petition. The undertaking s given by the Petitioner 
Companies in para 8 above is taken on record.  
11. The Official Liquidator, High Court of Bombay (“OL”), has filed its 
report dated 24.07 .2026  stating that the affairs of the transferor 
company have not been conducted in a manner prejudicial to the 
public interest or interest of creditors.  
12. From the materials available on record, the Scheme appears to be 
fair and reasonable and is not in violation of any provisions of law or 
contrary to public interest/policy .  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 Accordingly, this Tribunal orders as under : 
13. The Scheme of Amalgamation annexed to the Petition being ‘Exhibit -
5’, is hereby sanctioned by this Tribunal to be binding with effect from 
the ‘Appointed Date’, i.e., 01.0 4.2023, on all the Petitioner 
Companies and their respective shareholders.  
14. All the debts, liabilities, duties, and obligations of the Transferor 
Companies shall be transferred without further act or deed to the 
Transferee Companies, as per clause 12 .2.2, Part - II of the Scheme, 
and accordingly, the same shall, pursuant to Section  230-232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, be transferred to and become the debts, 
liabilities, duties, and obligations of the Transferee Companies.  
15. Upon Scheme becoming effective  all the shares of the Transferor 
Company held by the Transferee Company (either di rectly or through 
nominees) on the Effective Date shall stand cancelled without any 
further application, act or deed. Further, the investment in the shares 
of the Transferor Company, appearing in the books of accounts of the 
Transferee Company shall, witho ut any further act or deed, stand 
cancelled  as per Clause 15 under Part  II of the Scheme  and  in terms 
of Clause 2 2 under Part  III of the Scheme  upon the Scheme 
becoming effective the authori sed share capital of the Transferor 
Company shall stand merged wi th the authori sed shar e capital of the 
Transferee Company representing 'Ordinary' shares with a face value 
of Rs. 1  each and consequently, the authorized share capital of the 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 Transferee Company shall stand suitably increased, without any 
further act, instr ument or deed.   
16. In terms of Clause 16 under Part  II of the Scheme the Transferee 
Company shall account for the amalgamation of the Transferor 
Company in its books of account as per  "Pooling of Interest 
Method" prescribed under Appendix C of  India Accounting 
Standard AS - 103 "Business Combinations” . 
17. All legal proceedings and/or suits and/or appeals now pending by or 
against the Transferor Companies shall be continued by or against the 
Transferee Companies, as per Clause  12.2.6  Part II of the  Scheme . 
18. The Transferor Compan y, namely Rujuvalika Investments Limited  
shall be dissolved without winding up, as per Clause  19 under Part II  
respectively of the Scheme.  
19. While approving the Scheme as above, we further clarify that this 
order should not be c onstrued as an order in granting any exemption 
from payment of stamp duty, taxes, including Income Tax, GST, etc', 
or any other charges, if any, and payment in accordance with law or 
in respect of any permission/compliance with any other requirement 
which may be specifically required under any law.  
20. The copy of the Scheme of Amalgamation filed as “Exhibit -5”, which 
is at page nos. 77-109 of the Petition shall form an integral part of this 
order.  
21. The Transferee Companies are directed to preserve the books of 
accounts, papers and other records pertaining to the Transferor 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 Companies and shall not dispose of them without prior permission of 
the Central Government as per the provisions under Section 23 9 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.  
22. The Income Tax Department will be at liberty to examine the aspect 
of any tax payable as a result of this Scheme and it shall be open to 
the Income Tax authorities to take necessary action, if any, as 
warranted under the appli cable provisions of the Income -tax 
Act,1961.  
23. The Petitioner Companies are directed to file a certified copy of this 
Order along with a copy of the Scheme of Arrangement with the 
concerned Registrar of Companies, electronically along with E -Form 
INC-28, in addition to physical copy within 30 days from the date of 
receipt of the Order from the Registry of this Tribunal.  
24. The Petitioner Companies are further directed to provide a copy of 
this Order and the Scheme duly authenticated by the Designated 
Registrar o f this Tribunal, with the concerned Superintendent of 
Stamps, for the purpose of adjudication of stamp duty payable within 
60 days from the date of receipt of certified copy from the Registry of 
this Tribunal.  
25. All authorities concerned to act on a copy of this Order along with the 
Scheme duly authenticated by the Deputy Registrar of this Tribunal.  
26. Any person interested in the above matter is at liberty to apply to this 
Tribunal for such directions as may be necessary.  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -II 
C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 
Connected with C.A. (CAA) 162/MB/202 5 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 27. All concerned authorities are at libert y to approach this Tribunal for 
any further clarification as may be necessary.  
28. Accordingly, the above C.P. (CAA) 69/MB/202 6 is allowed  and 
disposed of.  
 
 
                      Sd/-                                                                   Sd/- 
    BANWARI LAL MEENA                                            ASHISH  KALIA   
    MEMBER ( TECHNICAL)                                         MEMBER (JUDICIAL)  
         //LRA -Mukund Mandrawaliya//  
