 
 
Tata Communications Limited  
Plot No. C21 & C 36 ‘G’ Block Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) Mumbai 400098 India  
Regd. Office: VSB  Mahatma Gandhi Road  Fort Mumbai – 400 001  
Tel: +91 92289 18171  email: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com  
CIN: L64200MH1986PLC039266 website: www.tatacommunications.com  
 
HQ/CS/CL.24B/1 8352 
January 22, 202 6 
 
 
 
Dear  Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub:  Intimation  under  Regulation  30 of SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Composite scheme of arrangement  among 
wholly -owned subsidiaries of the Company.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ( ‘Listing Regulations ’), Tata Communications  Limited  has been informed that 
a composite scheme of arrangement for the demerger of Solutions Infini Technologies (India) 
Private Limited’s (‘Transferor Company’) Non-licensed Business undertaking into Novamesh 
Limited (‘Transferee Company ’) and the subsequent amalgamation of the Transferor Company 
into Tata Communications Collaboration Services Private Limited (‘Surviving Company’)  
(‘Scheme’) has been approved by the respective board of directors  of all the entities involved in 
the Scheme. The Transferor Company, Tr ansferee Company and Surviving Company are 
wholly -owned subsidiaries of Tata Communications Limited.  
 
The said Scheme shall be filed before the Mumbai bench of the Hon'ble National Company Law 
Tribunal  (‘NCLT’)  pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and all other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013.  The Appointed Date of the Scheme shall be April 1 , 202 5 or such other 
date as may be determined in accordance with the terms of the said Scheme or directed or 
allowed by the jurisdictional NCLT .  
 
Further details required under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, are enclosed 
herewith as “Annexure A ”. 
 
The aforesaid disclosure is also available on the website of the Company at 
https:// www.tatacommunications.com/investors/filings/ .  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Tata Communications Limited  
 
 
 
 
Zubin Adil Patel  
Company Secretary and Compliance Offic er 
 
Encl: As Above  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400 051  
SYMBOL: TATACOMM   BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500483  
 
 
Tata Communications Limited  
Plot No. C21 & C 36 ‘G’ Block Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) Mumbai 400098 India  
Regd. Office: VSB  Mahatma Gandhi Road  Fort Mumbai – 400 001  
Tel: +91 92289 18171  email: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com  
CIN: L64200MH1986PLC039266 website: www.tatacommunications.com  
 
 
 ANNEXURE  A 
 
Brief details of the scheme of arrangement  in terms of Regulation 30 of the Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI /HO/CFD/P oD-2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1. Details and reasons for 
restructuring  The implementation of the Scheme would result in the following benefits to the 
entities involved in the Scheme  (wholly -owned subsidiaries of Tata Communications 
Limited)  and their respective shareholders:  
 
(a) operational synergies, centralisation, simplification, streamlining and facilitation 
of efficient administration and reduction of administrative costs and productivity 
gains by pooling of financial, managerial and technical resources, personnel 
capabilities , skills, expertise and technologies of the entities ;  
 
(b) enhanced potential for higher revenues and profits for the Transferee Company , 
the Surviving Company and their shareholders. The Scheme would provide 
synergistic linkages besides economies of scale by combining the businesses 
and operations of the Transferor Company with the Transferee Company and 
the Surviving Company (as the case may be), and thus , contribute to the 
profitability of the Transferee Company and the Surviving Company by inter alia , 
rationali sation of management and administrative structure;  
 
(c) the Scheme  would remove the multiplicity of legal and other regulatory 
compliances, required to be carried out by the Transferor Company, Transferee 
Company, and the Surviving Company separately and  significantly reduce the 
various running costs and overheads involved in running the businesses in 
separate entities; and   
 
(d) the Scheme shall be beneficial to the shareholders and creditors of the wholly -
owned subsidiaries. The Scheme shall not be in any manner prejudicial to the 
interest of the concerned members, creditors, employees or general public at 
large.  2. Quantitative and/ or 
qualitative effect of 
restructuring  
3. Details of benefit, if any, 
to the promoter / 
promoter group / group 
companies from such 
proposed restructuring  Not Applicable  
4. Brief details of change 
in shareholding pattern 
(if any) of all entities.  All the three entities involved in the Scheme  are wholly -owned subsidiaries of Tata 
Communications Limited . Upon effectiveness of the Scheme : (a) the Transferee 
Company and the Surviving Company would continue to be wholly -owned 
subsidiaries of Tata Communications Limited ; and (b) t he Transferor Company will 
be amalgamated into the Surviving Company and shall cease to exist.  
 