 
 
 
 
December 23, 2025  
 
To, 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 544574        
To, 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051  
Symbol: TATACAP   
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation s 30 and 51 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”)  
 
Ref.: Tata Capital Limited (“Company”)  
 
Pursuant to Regulatio ns 30 and 51 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, this is  to inform you that the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India  (“SEBI ”) has passed a Settlement Order in respect of suo-
motu settlement application filed by erstwhile Tata Motors Finance Limited (“TMFL”) now merged 
with Tata Capital Limited, under the SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018.  
 
Kindly note that pursuant to a scheme of arrangement amongst the Company , TMFL  and their 
respective shareholders, sanctioned by the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai vide its order 
dated May 1, 2025, TMFL has amalgamated with the Company with effect from May 8, 2025 , with 
the appointed date being April 1, 2024.  
 
The Company had disclosed the details of the aforesaid Settlement application in the Offer 
Documents filed by the Company in respect to the Initial Public Offering of its Equity Shares.  
 
The details  of the Settlement Order  as required to be provided as per sub -para 20 of Para A of Part 
A of Schedule III of SEBI Listing Regulations and Industry Standards Note on Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations are enclosed as Annexure A.  
 
Further, in respect of the captioned matter, I the undersigned, state and declare that the 
information and details provided in Annexure A, in compliance with Regulation 30(13) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, is true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.  
 
  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Tata Capital Limited  
 
 
  
Sonali Punekar  
Authorised Signatory  
 
Encl.: as above   
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Details of the Settlement Order  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the listed company  Tata Capital Limited  (“Company”)  
2.  Type of communication received  Settlement Order  
3.  Date of receipt of communication  December 23, 2025  
4.  Authority from whom 
communication received  Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)  
5.  Brief summary  of the material 
contents of the communication 
received, including reasons for 
receipt of the communication  Erstwhile Tata Motors Finance Limited (“TMFL”)  
now merged with Tata Capital Limited  had filed a 
suo-motu settlement application with SEBI under the 
SEBI (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018, 
proposing to settle by neither admitting nor denying 
the findings of facts and conclusions of law, the 
enforcement proceedings that may be initiated 
against it for the violations of applicable  provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013  (“Act”) , SEBI (Issue and 
Listing of Non -Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021  and SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) 
Regulations, 2008  (“SEBI Regulations”) .  
 
In five instances of issuance of the Non-Convertible 
Debentures  (“NCD s”) on private placement basis, it 
was found that said NCD s were down sold to more 
than 200 investors prior to the date of the listing of 
such NCDs  (in case of two issuances of listed 
NCDs)  and within six months  from the date of the 
allotment  (in case of three issuances of unlisted 
NCDs) . Thus, the issuance of these NCD s by 
erstwhile TMFL  is deemed to be public issue and is 
in violation of the applicable provisions of the Act 
and SEBI Regulations.  
6.  Period for which communication 
would be applicable, if stated  NCDs  issued by erstwhile TMFL  in 201 9, 2020  and 
2022. 
7.  Expected financial implications on 
the listed company, if any  The Company has paid the settlement amount of  
Rs. 32,00,000.  
 
There is no material financial implication to the 
Company arising out of this Settlement Order.  
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
8.  Details of any aberrations  / non-
compliances identified by the 
authority in the communication  Please refer to  point no. 5  above.  
9.  Details of any penalty or restriction 
or sanction imposed pursuant to 
the communication  Settlement amount of Rs. 32,00,000.  
 
10.  Action(s) taken by listed company 
with respect to the communication  The Company has already paid the Settlement 
amount.  
11.  Any other relevant information  None  
 