 
       
 
TMJL | CS | RESULT | 03-11-2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai – 400001  
SCRIP CODE: 533158  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East  
Mumbai - 400051  
SYMBOLS: THANGAMAYL  
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Report of Monit oring Agency U /R 16 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,20 15 with rega rd to 
utilizatio n of proceeds of Rights Issue. 
 
With r eference to the ab ove, We att ach here with mo nitoring agency report submitted by 
“CARE Rating Limited ” Dated: 31/10/2025 which has b een placed before the Board of 
Direc tors in the meeting  held today (03/11/2025) and  which has been taken into record by 
the Board mem bers for your information and records. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours F aithfully, 
 
For Thangam ayil Jewell ery Limited , 
 
 
(CS.V.Vijayaraghavan) 
Company Secretary ..
        
                                                                                                                             
 
 
 
 
 
No. CARE/CMBO/GEN/2025-26/1003 
 
The Board of Directors 
Thangamayil Jewellery Limited 
No.124, Nethaji Road,  
Madurai,  
Tamil Nadu – 625 001 
October 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 - in relation to the Rights issue of 
Thangamayil Jewellery Limited (“the Company”) 
 
We write in our capacity of Monitoring Agency for the Rights Issue for the amount aggregating to Rs.510 crore of the 
Company and refer to our duties cast under regulation 82 of the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 
 
In this connection, we are enclosing the Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 as per 
aforesaid SEBI Regulations and Monitoring Agency Agreement dated February 05, 2025. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
 
Naveen Kumar 
Associate Director  
Naveen.Kumar@careedge.in  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
        
                                                                                                                             
 
 
 Report of the Monitoring Agency  
Name of the issuer: Thangamayil Jewellery Limited 
For quarter ended: September 30, 2025 
Name of the Monitoring Agency: CARE Ratings Limited 
(a) Deviation from the objects: Nil 
(b) Range of Deviation: Not Applicable 
 
Declaration:  
We declare that this report provides an objective view of the utilization of the issue proceeds in relation to the 
objects of the issue based on the information provided by the Issuer and information obtained from sources 
believed by it to be accurate and reliable. The MA does not perform an audit and undertakes no independent 
verification of any information/ certifications/ statements it receives. This Report is not intended to create any 
legally binding obligations on the MA which accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the 
use of the said information. The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of MA to deal 
in any security of the Issuer in any manner whatsoever. Nothing mentioned in this report is intended to or should 
be construed as creating a fiduciary relationship between the MA and any issuer or between the agency and any 
user of this report. The MA and its affiliates also do not act as an expert as defined under Section 2(38) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.   
  
The MA or its affiliates may have credit rating or other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report 
pertains and may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain credit related analyses. We confirm 
that there is no conflict of interest in such relationship/interest while monitoring and reporting the utilization of 
the issue proceeds by the issuer, or while undertaking credit rating or other commercial transactions with the 
entity.   
  
We have submitted the report herewith in line with the format prescribed by SEBI, capturing our comments, where 
applicable. There are certain sections of the report under the title “Comments of the Board of Directors”, that shall 
be captured by the Issuer’s Management / Audit Committee of the Board of Directors subsequent to the MA 
submitting their report to the issuer and before dissemination of the report through stock exchanges. These 
sections have not been reviewed by the MA, and the MA takes no responsibility for such comments of the issuer’s 
Management/Board.  
 
 
  
Signature:  
 
 
 
 
Naveen Kumar 
Associate Director  
Naveen.Kumar@careedge.in  
        
                                                                                                                                         
5 
 1) Issuer Details:  
Name of the issuer :  Thangamayil Jewellery Limited 
Name of the promoter : Balarama Govinda Das, BA Ramesh and N.B. Kumar 
Industry/sector to which it belongs : Jewellery 
 
2) Issue Details  
Issue Period : 21-Feb-2025 to 04-Mar-2025 
Type of issue (public/rights) : Rights 
Type of specified securities : Equity shares 
IPO Grading, if any : NA 
Issue size (in crore) : Rs. 510 crore (Out of this, Rs.178.50 crore was received from promoters in the form of unsecured loans which got 
converted into equity and the remaining amount of Rs.331.50 crore was received through the allotment account). 
          
3) Details of the arrangement made to ensure the monitoring of issue proceeds:  
 
Particulars Reply Source of information / 
certifications considered by 
Monitoring Agency for preparation 
of report  Comments of the 
Monitoring Agency Comments of 
the 
Board of 
Directors  
Whether all utilization is as per the disclosures in the Offer 
Document?  Yes Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate, Bank Statement  No comments No comments 
received 
Whether shareholder approval has been obtained in case of 
material deviations# from expenditures disclosed in the 
Offer Document?  Not 
applicable Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate Not applicable as there is no 
material deviations from the Offer 
Document  No comments 
received 
Whether the means of finance for the disclosed objects of 
the issue have changed?  No Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate No comments No comments 
received 
Is there any major deviation observed over the earlier 
monitoring agency reports?  No Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate No, there are no deviations 
observed from last monitoring 
agency report  No comments 
received 
Whether all Government/statutory approvals related to the 
object(s) have been obtained?  Yes Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate The company has obtained the 
certificates and approvals related to 
BIS standards, labour department 
for the new store.  No comments 
received 
Whether all arrangements pertaining to technical 
assistance/collaboration are in operation?  Not 
applicable  Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate  Not applicable No comments 
received 
Are there any favorable/unfavorable events affecting the 
viability of these object(s)?  No Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate  No comments No comments 
received 
Is there any other relevant information that may materially 
affect the decision making of the investors?  No Management undertaking, Chartered 
Accountant certificate  No comments No comments 
received 
        
                                                                                                                                         
6 
 #Where material deviation may be defined to mean:  
a) Deviation in the objects or purposes for which the funds have been raised  
b) Deviation in the amount of funds actually utilized by more than 10% of the amount projected in the offer documents. 
 
4) Details of objects to be monitored:  
(i) Cost of objects –  
Sr. 
No Item 
Head Source of information / 
certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring Agency for 
preparation of report Original cost 
 (as per the Offer 
Document) in Rs. 
Crore Revised Cost  
in Rs. Crore Comments 
of the 
Monitoring 
Agency Comments of the Board of Directors 
Reason for 
cost revision Proposed 
financing 
option Particulars 
of -firm 
arrangement
s made 
1 Capital expenditure towards 
setting-up of six new retail 
stores Letter of offer 8.71 Not applicable No 
comments 
No comments received 2 Inventory required to be held 
in new stores  Letter of offer 401.03 Not applicable No 
comments  
3 GCP Letter of offer 97.67 Not applicable No 
comments  
4 Rights issue expense Letter of offer  2.59 Not applicable No 
comments  
Total 510.00  
 
(ii) Progress in the objects –  
Sr. 
No Item 
Head Source of 
information / 
certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring 
Agency for 
preparation of 
report Amount as 
proposed 
in the Offer 
Document 
in Rs. Crore Amount utilised in Rs. Crore 
Total 
unutilised 
amount in 
Rs. crore Comments of the 
Monitoring Agency Comments of the 
Board of Directors  
As at 
beginning 
of the 
quarter in 
Rs. Crore During 
the 
quarter 
in Rs. 
Crore At the end 
of the 
quarter in 
Rs. Crore Reasons 
for idle 
funds Propose
d course 
of action  
1 Capital expenditure 
towards setting-up of six 
new retail stores CA Certificate*, 
Management 
undertaking, 
letter of offer, 
bank statements  8.71 8.71 0.00 8.71 0.00 No comments 
No comments 
received 
2 Inventory required to be 
held in new stores CA Certificate*, 
Management 
undertaking, 401.03 380.51 20.52 401.03 0.00 Funds were transferred 
from Monitoring Agency 
account to HDFC Cash 
credit account on July 08 
        
                                                                                                                                         
7 
 Sr. 
No Item 
Head Source of 
information / 
certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring 
Agency for 
preparation of 
report Amount as 
proposed 
in the Offer 
Document 
in Rs. Crore Amount utilised in Rs. Crore 
Total 
unutilised 
amount in 
Rs. crore Comments of the 
Monitoring Agency Comments of the 
Board of Directors  
As at 
beginning 
of the 
quarter in 
Rs. Crore During 
the 
quarter 
in Rs. 
Crore At the end 
of the 
quarter in 
Rs. Crore Reasons 
for idle 
funds Propose
d course 
of action  
letter of offer, 
bank statements and July 15, 2025; and 
the expenditure was 
incurred from HDFC cash 
credit account on July 10, 
July 15, July 17 and July 
18, 2025.  
3 GCP CA Certificate*, 
Management 
undertaking, 
letter of offer, 
bank statements  97.67 97.67 0.00 97.67 0.00 No comments 
4 Rights issue expense CA Certificate*, 
Management 
undertaking, 
letter of offer, 
bank statements 2.59 2.55 0.04 2.59 0.00 • Amount of 
Rs.0.028 crore incurred 
from the Federal bank CC 
account on 03-July-2025, 
subsequently reimbursed 
from MA account on July 
8, 2025. 
• Amount of 
Rs.0.011 crore 
transferred from MA 
account to HDFC Bank CC 
account on July 8, 2025 
and expensed towards 
issue expenses on 
September 25, 2025.  
Total 510.00 489.44 20.56 510.00 0.00  
*Chartered Accountant certificate from B. Thiagarajan & Co dated October 29, 2025. 
 
 
(iii) Deployment of unutilized proceeds:   
 
        
                                                                                                                                         
8 
 Sr. No. Type of instrument and name of the 
entity invested in Amount invested Maturity date Earning Return on 
Investment (%) Market Value as at 
the end of quarter 
Not applicable as the entire rights issue proceeds have been utilized towards the objects as on September 30, 2025 
 
(iv) Delay in implementation of the objects – 
Objects Completion Date  Delay (no. of 
days/ 
months) Comments of the Board of Directors  
As per the offer 
document  Actual Reason of delay Proposed course of 
action 
Capital expenditure towards setting-up of six new 
retail stores FY25-FY26 Completed as on June 30, 
2025. NA 
No comments received Inventory required to be held in new stores FY25-FY26 Completed as on 
September 30, 2025  NA 
GCP FY25-FY26 Completed as on March 
31, 2025  NA 
 
 
5) Details of utilization of proceeds stated as General Corporate Purpose (GCP) amount in the offer document: 
Sr. No Item Head^ Amount 
in Rs. Crore Source of information / certifications 
considered by Monitoring Agency for 
preparation of report Comments of Monitoring 
Agency Comments of the Board of 
Directors 
The funds raised towards General corporate purpose have been utilized fully during Q4FY25, towards short-term working capital requirements (purchase of inventory). 
*Chartered Accountant certificate from B. Thiagarajan & Co dated October 29, 2025. 
 
^ Section from the offer document related to GCP: 
 “Our Company proposes to deploy the balance Net Proceeds amounting to ₹ 9,767.17 lakhs (net of the expenses in relation to the Issue) towards general corporate purposes 
aggregating to 19.15% of the Gross Proceeds of the Issue (subject to such utilisation not exceeding 25% of the Gross Proceeds of the Issue), in compliance with Regulation 
62(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The general corporate purposes for which our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds include payment of GST on the capital 
expenditure to be incurred towards opening of New Stores, meeting our long term and short-term working capital requirements, setting up of further new stores, marketing, 
advertising expenditures and business development expenses and meeting expenses incurred by our Company in the ordinary course of business. In addition to the above, our 
Company may utilise the Net Proceeds towards other expenditure (in the ordinary course of business) considered expedient and as approved periodically by the Board or a duly 
constituted committee thereof, subject to compliance with necessary provisions of the Companies Act or other applicable laws. 
The quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will be determined by our Board, based on the amount actually available under this head and the 
business requirements of our Company, from time to time. Our Company’s management, in accordance with the policies of the Board, shall have flexibility in utilising surplus 
amounts, if any. In the event that we are unable to utilise the entire amount that we have currently estimated for use out of Net Proceeds in a Fiscal, we will utilise such 
unutilised amount in the next Fiscal.”
        
                                                                                                                             
9 
 Disclaimers to MA report:  
a) This Report is prepared by CARE Ratings Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Monitoring Agency/MA” ). The MA 
has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this Report based on the information 
provided by the Issuer and information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. The views 
and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of MA to deal in any security of the Issuer in any 
manner whatsoever.  
b) This Report has to be seen in its entirety; the selective review of portions of the Report may lead to inaccurate 
assessments. For the purpose of this Report, MA has relied upon the information provided by the management 
/officials/ consultants of the Issuer and third-party sources like statutory auditors (or from peer reviewed CA firms) 
appointed by the Issuer believed by it to be accurate and reliable.  
c) Nothing contained in this Report is capable or intended to create any legally binding obligations on the MA which 
accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. The MA is also not 
responsible for any errors in transmission and specifically states that it, or its directors, employees do not have any 
financial liabilities whatsoever to the users of this Report.  
d) The MA and its affiliates do not act as a fiduciary. The MA and its affiliates also do not act as an expert to the 
extent defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013. While the MA has obtained information from 
sources it believes to be reliable, it does not perform an audit and undertakes no independent verification of any 
information/ certifications/ statements it receives from auditors (or from peer reviewed CA firms), lawyers, 
chartered engineers or other experts, and relies on in its reports.  
e) The MA or its affiliates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains. As 
an example, the MA may rate the issuer or any debt instruments / facilities issued or proposed to be issued by the 
issuer that is subject matter of this report. The MA may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain 
credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or from 
obligors.  
 