 
 
 
 
June 3, 2026 
 
To  
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai: 400 001 
Company Scrip Code: 500411 
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051  
Company Scrip Code: THERMAX EQ 
 
Sub: Sanction of Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Buildtech Products India Private 
Limited with the Company and their respective Shareholders by the Hon’ble NCLT 
Mumbai. 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated October 17, 2025 on the captioned subject, we 
wish to inform you that the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (NCLT) has 
passed an order approving the Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Buildtech Products India Private 
Limited with the Company. A copy of the said Order dated June 2, 2026, received by the Company 
on June 3, 2026, is attached herewith.  
 
The Scheme shall be effective upon filing of the order of the NCLT with the Registrar of Companies, 
Pune.  
 
We request you to take the subject information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For THERMAX LIMITED, 
 
 
 
 
Sangeet Hunjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A23218 
Encl: as above   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL  
MUMBAI BENCH-I  
C.P.(CAA)/39(MB)2026 
In 
C.A.(CAA)/7(MB)202 6 
In the matter of the Companies Act, 2013;  
And 
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Compromises, Arrangement 
and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016;  
And 
In the matter of Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Buildtech Products 
India Private Limited (“Buildtech ” or “Transferor Company”) with 
Thermax Limited (‘Thermax’ or “Transferee Company”) and their 
respective shareholders (“Scheme” or “this Scheme”) 
BUILDTECH PRODUCTS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  
CIN: U74899PN1995PTC249501  
          ....... First Petitioner Company/ Transferor Company  
And 
THERMAX LIMITED 
CIN: L29299PN1980PLC022787  
...... Second Petitioner Company/ Transferee Company   
And their respective shareholders and creditors. 
[collectively referred to as the “Applicant Companies”] 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
2 
 Order Pronounced on 02.06.2026  
Coram :  
Shri. Prabhat Kumar                            Shri Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey     
Hon’ble Member (Technical)                  Hon’ble Member (Judicial)  
Appearances :  
For the Applicant(s)              :   CA Harsh C Ruparella  
For the Regional Director      :  Mr. Gaurav Jaiswal, Company Prosecutor  
          ORDER  
1. The present petition seeks sanction of the Scheme of Merger by Absorption 
between Buildtech Products India Privtae Limited (“Buildtech” or 
“Transferor Company”) with Thermax Limited (‘Thermax’ or “Transferee 
Company”) and their respective shareholders (“Scheme” or “this Scheme”) 
from this Tribunal under Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with C ompanies (Compromises, Arrangement and Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016 and other applicable regulations framed under the Company 
Law.  
2. BUILDTECH PRODUCTS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED, the First 
Petitioner Company/ Transferor Company with CIN: 
U74899PN1995PTC249501 was incorporated on 8
th November 1995  
having its registered office at S. No. 14/D , F P No. 32/33, Wakdewadi 
Mumbai Pune Road, Khadki, Pune, India, 411003. The company is 
engaged in the business of manufacturing, producing, processing, buying, 
selling, importing, exporting, distributing, and dealing in all kinds of Construction chemicals, including but not limited to Admixture, Powder, 
Resinpubase, Waterproofing, Accelerator, Micro-silica, Cement Capsule, 
Resin Capsule, and Poly Fiber & Membrane (together termed as "chemical 
products").  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
3 
 3. Thermax Limited, the Second Petitioner Company  / Transferee Company 
bearing the CIN: L29299PN1980PLC022787, was originally incorporated 
as a private limited company under the erstwhile provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956 on 30th June 1980 and became a public limited 
company on 4th May 1981, having its registered office at D- 13, MIDC, 
Industrial Area, R. D. Aga Road, Chinchwad, Pune 411019. The compa ny 
is engaged in the business of offering solutions to energy, environment and 
chemical sectors. The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Transferee Company. The equity shares of the Transferee Company 
are listed on the BSE Limited (‘BSE’) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’).  
4. The Board of Directors of the Applicant  Companies in their respective 
Board Meeting held on 17
th October 2025, have approved the proposed 
Scheme of Merger by Absorption.  
5. The Appointed Date fixed under the Scheme is 01st April 2025.  
6. It is submitted that the Company Petition has been filed in consonance with the Order passed in the C.A.(CAA) 7/MB/2026 of the Tribunal on 16
th 
February 2026 and the Applicant Companies have complied with all the 
requirements of filing the affidavits and sending notices as per directions of the Tribunal.  
7. The Rationale for the Scheme of Merger by Absorption of the Applicant 
Companies is as follows:  
In order to consolidate and effectively manage the business of the Applicant Companies in a single entity, which will provide several benefits including synergy, economies of scale, attain efficiencies and 
cost competitiveness, it is intended that the First Applicant Company be 
merged with the Second Applicant Company, which would inter alia 
have following benefits:  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
4 
 i. The First Applicant Company is wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Second Applicant Company, so merger will help to consolidate the entities.  
ii. Consolidation of construction chemicals business: The merger will 
lead to consolidation of construction chemicals business enabling 
economies of scale and efficiency in operations. Further, same would also help to eliminate duplication of operations for the 
construction chemicals business.  
iii. Business synergies: The merger will help Thermax directly expand 
it's market reach by accessing the network already established by 
Buildtech where Ther max had a limited presence otherwise.  
iv. Simplification of group - 30 structure: The merger will result in a 
reduction in the multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances 
required at present to be separately carried out by the Transferor Company and the Transferee Company. The m erger will also result 
in reduction in the overheads including administrative, managerial and other expenditure, and optimal utilization of resources by 
elimination, if unnecessary duplication of activities, and related 
costs.  
v. Pooling of resources: The merger will provide cash flow 
management and unfettered access to cash flow and other resources generated by the construction chemicals business which 
can be deployed more effectively for the purpose of development of 
businesses of combined entity, their growth opportunities, eliminate inter corporate dependencies and to maximize 
shareholder value.  
vi. Higher value for employees: The merger would motivate 
employees of the Transferor Company by providing better 
opportunities to scale up their performance with a larger corporate 
entity having large revenue base, resources, assets base etc. which 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
5 
 will boost employee morale and provide to better corporate 
performance ultimately enhancing shareholder value.  
 
8. The Applicants have submitted the following documents and this Tribunal 
has perused them :  
a. Certificate of Incorporation, MOA & AOA of the Applicant Companies.  
b. Audited Financials 31
st March 2025 of the Applicant companies  and 
unaudited financial statement of the Applicant Companies as on 31st 
December  2025.  
c. Copy of certificate dated 17th October 2025 issued by  the statutory 
auditor, Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP of the 
Transferee Company.  
d. Copy of Pre and Post Scheme net-worth certificate of the Second 
Petitioner Company.  
e. Lists of pending litigations/ proceedings against the Applicant  
Companies.  
f. Details of all corporate guarantee, performance guarantee and other contingent liability.   
9. Learned Counsel  for the Applicant Companies submit s that  the Transferor 
Company has 7 equity shareholders holding 15,21,000 shares amounting to Rs.1,52,10,000/-, and since all shareholders have filed consent affidavits supporting the Scheme, the meeting of equity shareholders was sought to be dispensed with. The Transferor Company has no secured creditors, 
while the Transferee Company has 7 secured creditors with dues of Rs.1287.62 crores, out of which creditors representing 97% in value have provided consent affidavits. Further, the Transferor Company is a wholl y 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
6 
 owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company, and since the entire share 
capital is already held by the Transferee Company, no new shares are required to be issued under the Scheme. The Applicant Companies also 
submitted that the Transferor Company has 52 unsecured creditors and the 
Transferee Company has 4,809 unsecured creditors, with creditors 
representing 92.71% in value having consented to the Scheme. It was contended that the Scheme would not adversely affect the rights of shareholders or creditors, there would be no reduction of claims, the capital structure of the Transferee Company would remain unchanged, and the 
merged entity would possess sufficient assets to satisfy all liabilities.  
10. A certificate dated 17
th October 2025 issued by Price Waterhouse 
Chartered Accountants LLP, the Statutory Auditor of the Applicant 
Companies stating that the accounting treatment proposed in the scheme 
of arrangement is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 is attached with the original 
joint application.  
11. The consideration for the proposed scheme of arrangement is as follows:  
“Since the Transferee Company along with its nominees holds the entire 
equity share capital of the Transferor Co mpany, upon amalgamation, 
neither any consideration will be paid nor any shares shall be issued by 
the Transferee Company to the shareholders of the Transferor Com pany 
in consideration of or consequent upon the a malgamation and the shares 
of the Transferor Com pany held by the Transferee Company shall stand 
extinguished upon the Scheme beco ming effective..”  
12. The Regional Director, Western Region (‘RD ’) has filed a report on 29
th 
April 2026 and has expressed no objections to the Scheme (“ RD Report”).  
The observations in the RD Report have been dealt with by the Applicant Companies in its Affidavit in Reply filed with this Tribunal. After 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
7 
 consideration of the observations made by the RD, the Applicant 
Companies have submitted/undertaken that:  
a. The A pplicant Companies shall protect the interest of the 
creditors and the employees.  
b. The Applicant Companies shall comply with the applicable Accounting Standards, including AS-14/Ind-AS 103 for Arrangements, and pass such accounting entries as are necessary in compliance with AS-5/Ind- AS 8 and other applicable 
standards.  
c. The Applicant Companies under provisions of section 230(5) and 
234 of the Companies Act 2013 read with  Rule 25A of the 
Companies (Compro mise, Arrangement & A malgamation), Rules 
2016 have to serve notices to the concerned authorities which are 
likely to be affected by the Amalgamation  or arrangement. 
Further, the approval of this sche me by the Tribunal may not 
deter such  authorities to deal with any of the issues arising after 
giving effect to the scheme. The decision of suc h authorities shall 
be binding on the petitioner companies concerned 
d. The Applicant Companies shall comply  with Section 232(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and MCA General Circular No. 09/2019 
dated 21
st August 2019. The Appointed Date is not against public 
interest, as no objections have been raised by statutory or 
regulatory authorities.  
e. The Applicant Companies shall comply with directions issued by 
the Income Tax Department and GST Authorities, if any.  
f. The Applicant Companies submit that the copies of the Scheme 
annexed to the Company Application and the Company Petition are one and the same, with no discrepancy or alteration.  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
8 
 g. The Second Petitioner Company shall comply with directions of 
BSE, NSE and SEBI, if issued and applicable in this regard. The 
Applicant Companies shall comply with the directions of any 
concerned sectoral regulators, wherever applicable, in 
accordance with law.  
13. The Official Liquidator have also filed its report dated 30th April 2026, 
which states to appear that the affairs of the transferor company have not 
been conducted in a manner prejudicial to the public interest or interest of 
creditors.  
14. We have perused the submissions made by the Applicant Companies and the 
report submitted by t he RD, OL as well as Registrar of Companies. The 
Petitioner Companies will comply with all the undertakings given by them in their reply filed to the ROC / RD and OL. 
15. From the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and reasonable and is not in v iolation of any provisions of law and is not contrary to public 
policy considering that no objection has so far been received from any authority or creditors or members or any other stakeholders.  
16. The Income Tax Department will be at liberty to examine the  aspect of any 
tax payable as a result of this scheme and in case it is found that the scheme ultimately results in tax avoidance under the provisions of Income Tax Act, it 
shall be open to the Income tax authorities to take necessary action as possible 
under the Income Tax Law.  
17. Since all the requisite statutory compliances have been fulfilled, Company 
Petition bearing C.P.(CAA)/39(MB)2026  is made absolute.  
18. Needless to say, all liabilities accruing in the transferor company(s) shall be 
transferred to the Transferee Company, however, the liabilities in respect of 
offences committed under this act by the officers in default, of the transferor 
company prior to its merger, amalgamation or acquisition shall continue after 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL MUMBAI BENCH -I 
C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN C.A.(CAA)/ 7(MB)2026  
9 
 such merger, amalgamation or acquisitio n as provided in Section 240 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.   
19. The First Petitioner Company be dissolved without winding up.  
20. The Applicant Companies are directed to file a certified copy of this order 
along with a copy of the Scheme with the concerned Registrar of 
Companies, electronically, in e- Form INC- 28 within 30 days from the date 
of receipt of this order, duly certified by the Registrar, as the case may be, of this Tribunal.  
21. The Applicant Companies to lodge a certified copy of this order and the Scheme duly authenticated by the Designated Registrar, as the case may be, of this Tribunal, with the concerned Superintendent of Stamps,  for the 
purpose of adjudication of stamp duty payable,  if any, on  the same within  60 
working days  from  the date of receipt  of the certified copy  of this order. 
22. All Authorities  concerned to act on a copy of this Order along with Scheme 
duly authenticated by the Registrar, National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai. Ordered  accordingly . 
23. The present Company Petition i.e., C.P.(CAA)/3 9(MB)2026 IN 
C.A.(CAA)/7(MB)202 6 is allowed and disposed of, accordingly.  
 
 
           Sd/ -                                                                         Sd/-  
   Prabhat Kumar                                                 Sushil Mahadeorao Kochey  
   Member (Technical)                                          Member (Judicial)  
    Vaishnavi B  
 
 