 
 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
To  
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai: 400 001 
Company Scrip Code: 500411 
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051  
Company Scrip Code: THERMAX EQ 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015   
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
The Board at its meeting held today i.e., on October 17, 2025, transacted the following business: 
 
A) Scheme of Merger by Absorption of Buildtech Products India Private Limited (“Transferor 
Company”) with Thermax Limited (“Transferee Company”) and their respective 
shareholders: 
 
The Board of Directors has approved, subject to requisite approvals/consents, the Scheme of 
Merger by Absorption of Buildtech Products India Private Limited (“Buildtech” or the 
“Transferor Company”) with Thermax Limited (“Thermax” or the “Transferee Company”) and 
their respective shareholders (“Scheme”) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules & regulations framed thereunder. 
The Transferor Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
The Scheme is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals, including approval of the 
Jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT,”) and other regulatory 
authorities, as may be required in terms of the applicable provisions of the law. 
  
The salient features of the proposed Scheme, inter alia, are given as under: 
 
1. The Appointed Date of the Scheme would be 1st April 2025 or such other date as may be 
fixed or approved by the Hon’ble NCLT, and which is acceptable to the Board of Directors of 
the Companies. 
 
 
 
 
 
2. The entire assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company to be transferred to and recorded 
by the Company at their respective carrying values in the books of accounts of the Transferor 
Companies.  All inter-company balances and investments amongst the Transferor Company 
and the Company will stand cancelled as a result of the proposed Scheme. 
3. The entire share capital of the Transferor Company is held by the Company (directly and 
jointly with nominee shareholders). Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no equity shares of 
the Company shall be allotted in lieu or exchange of the holding of the Company in the 
Transferor Company and accordingly, equity shares held by the Company in the Transferor 
Company shall stand cancelled on the Effective Date without any further act, instrument. or 
deed.  
 
The requisite details as required under the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 
dated November 11, 2024, regarding the same are enclosed herewith as Annexure “A” . 
 
B) Additional Investment in Fortmax Chemicals India Private Limited (“FCIPL”): 
 
Approved additional equity investment of Rs. 40 crores (Rupees Forty Crores Only) in share 
capital of Thermax Chemical Solutions Private Limited (TCSPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Company for further investment in Fortmax Chemicals India Private Limited, a subsidiary of 
TCSPL. 
The requisite details as required under the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 
dated November 11, 2024, regarding the same are enclosed herewith as Annexure “B” . 
 
C) Support to Enernxt Private Limited (Enernxt) 
 
Approved support by way of Equity / Loan of up to Rs. 42 Crores (Rupees Forty-Two Crores 
Only) to Enernxt, a wholly-owned step-down subsidiary of the Company through Thermax 
Onsite Energy Solutions Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  
The requisite details as required under the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 
dated November 11, 2024, regarding the same are enclosed herewith as Annexure “C” . 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company commenced at 10.00 a.m. and concluded at 
4:00 p.m.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For THERMAX LIMITED, 
 
 
 
 
Sangeet Hunjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A23218 
Encl: as above 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A  
Sr. 
No. Particulars Description 
1.  Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/ merger, 
details in brief such as, 
size, turnover etc Transferor Company: 
Buildtech Products India Private Limited was incorporated as a 
private limited company under the erstwhile Companies Act, 
1956 on the 8th November 1995 in the state of Delhi. The CIN of 
the Transferor Company as on date is 
U74899DL1995PTC073661. The Transferor Company is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. 
 
Transferee Company: 
Thermax Limited was originally incorporated as a public limited 
company under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1956, on 30th 
June, 1980 in the State of Maharashtra. The CIN of the 
Transferee Company as on date is L29299PN1980PLC022787. 
Thermax is a listed company having its equity shares listed on 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
 
The financial details of the Companies as on March 31, 2025 
are: 
(Rs. crores)  
Particulars Transferor 
Company Transferee 
Company 
Paid-up Equity Share Capital 1.5  23.8 
Net Worth*  20.9  3967.76 
Total Income** 28.6  6268.28 
*Net worth as per Companies Act, 2013; **Revenue from Operations 
2. whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done 
at "arms length"; Yes. The Transferor Company is a direct wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company and as such the said 
companies are related party to each other. 
 
However, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has clarified vide its 
General Circular No. 30/ 2014 dated 17th July 2014 that 
transactions arising out of Compromise, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations dealt with under specific provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, will not fall within the purview of related 
party transaction in terms of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 23(5)(b) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the related party transaction provisions are not applicable to the 
proposed Scheme .   
 
 
 
 
 
  The Scheme is also exempted from the provisions of SEBI 
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 
20th June 2023.  
 
The Transferor Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, is proposed to be amalgamated with the Company 
through Scheme of Arrangement, hence the requirement of 
arm’s length criteria is not applicable.  
3. area of business of the 
entity(ies); Transferor Company:   
Buildtech is engaged in the business of manufacturing and 
trading of construction materials, and construction chemicals. It 
was acquired by Thermax in October 2024.  
 
Transferee Company: 
Thermax Limited, listed on BSE and NSE, is a leading 
conglomerate in the energy and environment space and a trusted 
partner in energy transition. Thermax's extensive portfolio 
includes clean air, clean energy, clean water and chemical 
solutions.    
4.  rationale for 
amalgamation/ merger; The Board of Directors of both the Companies believes that it is 
in the best interest of all the stakeholders to merge the Transferor 
Company, a wholly owned subsidiary with the Transferee 
Company. The Scheme would inter alia have following benefits: 
- Consolidation of business of Transferor and Transferee 
Company;  
- Enhanced synergies, efficiency, and better utilization of 
assets; 
- Simplification of the group structure by eliminating a layer of 
subsidiary; 
- Reduction in multiplicity of legal and regulatory compliances; 
- Cost savings in terms of administrative, managerial, and 
compliance expenses. 
5. in case of cash 
consideration - amount or 
otherwise share exchange 
ratio; The entire issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the 
Transferor Company is held by the Transferee Company along 
with its nominees. Hence, the Transferor Company is directly 
and beneficially owned by the Transferee Company along with 
its nominees. Accordingly, the Transferor Company is a direct 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Transferee Company. Thus, 
upon the Scheme becoming effective, neither any consideration 
will be paid nor any shares shall be issued by the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders of the Transferor Company and 
consequent upon the merger, the shares of the Transferor 
Company held by the Transferee Company directly, shall stand 
cancelled  without any further act/instrument or deed.  
6. brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if 
any) of listed entity.  There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the 
Company pursuant to the Scheme, as no shares are being issued 
by the Transferee Company in connection with the Scheme.  
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure B 
 
Sr. 
No. Disclosure 
Requirements Brief Particulars 
1 Name of the target 
entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover 
etc. Name: Thermax Chemical Solutions Private Limited (TCSPL) 
for making further investment in Fortmax Chemicals India Private 
Limited. (FCIPL). 
 
Brief details:  TCSPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company and FCIPL is a subsidiary of TCSPL. 
FCIPL is engaged in the business of manufacturing, trading, 
marketing, and selling of specialty chemicals and products in the 
permitted territories. 
 
Turnover:  As on March 31, 2025 –  
TCSPL – Nil  
FCIPL – Rs. Nil 
2. Whether the acquisition 
would fall within related 
party transaction(s) and 
whether the promoter/ 
promoter group/ group 
companies have any 
interest in the entity 
being acquired? If yes, 
nature of interest and 
details thereof and 
whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”  TCSPL and FCIPL are related parties of the Company and the 
Promoter / promoter group / group companies does not have any 
interest in the same.  
 
The investment is on arm’s length basis. 
3. Industry to which the 
entity being acquired 
belongs Chemical  
4. Objects and impact of 
acquisition (including 
but not limited to, 
disclosure of reasons for 
acquisition of target 
entity, if its business is 
outside the main line of 
business of the listed 
entity) Equity investment is being made to meet the Capital expenditure 
and operational expenses. 
5. Brief details of any 
governmental or 
regulatory approvals 
required for the 
acquisition;  NA 
 
 
 
 
 
6. Indicative time period 
for completion of the 
acquisition  Capital will be infused as per requirement in one or more 
tranches. 
7. Consideration - whether 
cash consideration or 
share swap or any other 
form and details of the 
same Cash 
8. Cost of acquisition 
and/or the price at which 
the shares are acquired  Equity investment in TCSPL of Rs. 40 crores for further 
investment into FCIPL. 
 
9. Percentage of 
shareholding / control 
acquired and / or 
number of shares 
acquired There is no change in % shareholding. 
10. Brief background about 
the entity acquired in 
terms of products/line of 
business acquired, date 
of incorporation, history 
of last 3 years turnover, 
country in which the 
acquired entity has 
presence and any other 
significant information 
(in brief); Date of Incorporation:   
TCSPL - May 28, 2024. 
FCIPL – April 11, 2025 
Turnover of last 3 Years:  
                                                                         (in Rs Crores) 
Turnover of last 3 
years TCSPL FCIPL* 
31 Mar 2025 Nil  Nil 
31 Mar 2024 Nil  Nil 
31 Mar 202 3 Nil Nil 
Total  - - 
All the above figures are converted into INR Rupees as on March 31, 2025.  
 
  
 
 
 
   Annexure C 
Sr. 
No. Disclosure 
Requirements Brief Particulars 
1 Name of the target 
entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover 
etc. Name: Thermax Onsite Energy Solutions Limited (TOESL) for 
providing further support to Enernxt Private Limited (Enernxt). 
Brief details:  TOESL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company and Enernxt is a wholly owned step-down subsidiary 
of the Company. 
TOESL is engaged in the business of supply of steam and heat 
through Biomass boiler. 
Enernxt is engaged in the business of supply of Bio CNG Gas. 
Turnover:  As on March 31, 2025 –  
TOESL – Rs. 560.32 Crores  
Enernxt – Nil 
2. Whether the acquisition 
would fall within related 
party transaction(s) and 
whether the promoter/ 
promoter group/ group 
companies have any 
interest in the entity 
being acquired? If yes, 
nature of interest and 
details thereof and 
whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length”  TOESL and Enernxt are related parties of the Company, and the 
Promoter / promoter group / group companies does not have any 
interest in the same.  
 
The investment is on arm’s length basis. 
3. Industry to which the 
entity being acquired 
belongs Bio CNG 
4. Objects and impact of 
acquisition (including 
but not limited to, 
disclosure of reasons for 
acquisition of target 
entity, if its business is 
outside the main line of 
business of the listed 
entity) The purpose of support is to meet the Capital expenditure and 
operational expenses. 
5. Brief details of any 
governmental or 
regulatory approvals 
required for the 
acquisition;  NA 
6. Indicative time period 
for completion of the 
acquisition  Support will be provided in such form (Equity / Loan) and 
tranches as may be required. 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Consideration - whether 
cash consideration or 
share swap or any other 
form and details of the 
same Cash 
8. Cost of acquisition 
and/or the price at which 
the shares are acquired  Up to Rs. 42 crores  
9. Percentage of 
shareholding / control 
acquired and / or 
number of shares 
acquired There is no change in % shareholding. 
10. Brief background about 
the entity acquired in 
terms of products/line of 
business acquired, date 
of incorporation, history 
of last 3 years turnover, 
country in which the 
acquired entity has 
presence and any other 
significant information 
(in brief);  Date of Incorporation:   
TOESL – 14/09/2009 
Enernxt – 05/01/2021 
Turnover of last 3 Years:  
                                                                         (in Rs Crores) 
Turnover of last 3 
years TOESL Enernxt 
31 Mar 2025 560.32  - 
31 Mar 2024 455.16  0.19 
31 Mar 202 3 347.91 - 
All the above figures are converted into INR Rupees as on March 31, 2025. 
 
 
 