 
 
March  20, 202 6  
 
The Manager,                   The Manager,  
Listing Department      Listing Department  
BSE Limited      National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
Dalal Street,       G Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 001      Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 500413      Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK  
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61     Fax No.: 2659 8237/38  
 Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub: Press Release – Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 We are enclosing herewith the Press Release  dated  March 20, 2026 titled, “ Thomas Cook (India) Limited announces the 
demerger of its Resorts and Resort Management business into Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited ”. 
 This is for your information and records.  
 
Thank you.  
   Yours faithfully,  
 For Thomas Cook (India) Limited  
  
 
 
Amit J. Parekh  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
  Encl: a/a  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thomas Cook (India ) Limited announces the 
demerger of its Resorts and Resort  Management 
business  into Sterling Holiday  Resorts L imited  
• The d emerger will unlock value for TCIL shareholders by separating 
the Resorts and Resort M anagement business into SHRL -  paving 
the way for a future listing of SHRL 
• The restructuring will streamline the existing capital structure of 
TCIL , which will result in improved Earnings Per Share for TCIL 
shareholders  
 
Mumbai, Friday, March 20th, 2026:  
Based on a recommendation by the audit committee and independent committee,  the Board 
of Thomas Cook (India ) Limited (TCIL) today gave an in- principle approval to a proposal for 
the demerger of the company’s Resorts and Resort  Management business  into Sterling 
Holiday Resorts Limited (SHRL) and a subsequent capital restructuring of TCIL. The 
proposed demerger and  restructuring are subject to NCLT and  other regulatory approvals.  
This demerger and  restructuring is  being undertaken to:  
1. Unlock value for the shareholders of TCIL by demerging the Resorts and Resort 
Management business  into SHRL and to attract differentiated investor cohorts for each 
business  segment  
2. Streamline the existing capital structure of TCIL, which will result in improved Earnings 
Per Share  
3. Enable sharper strategic and operational focus across each business vertical  
and pursue sector -specific growth strategies with agility  
 
TCIL owns and/ or operates 6 resorts directly under the brand name Nature Trails. These resorts are spread across India in several scenic locations  and offer a host of curated 
services across multiple attractive market segments including adventure holidays, 
educational trips and  corporate getaways. TCIL will demerge this business into SHRL as part 
of the demerger.  
 
 
 
 
The proposed demerger and  restructuring, under a composite scheme of arrangement will 
entail the following steps:  
A. TCIL will demerge its Resorts and Resort  Management business  into SHRL  
• TCIL shareholders will receive SHRL  shares as consideration for the demerger  and in 
accordance with the share entitlement ratio of 0.81  shares of SHRL for every share of 
TCIL  
• TCIL will continue to hold its current number of shares in SHRL  post the deme rger 
• The promoters and public shareholding pattern of  TCIL and SHRL will remain similar 
post the demerger  
• Shares of SHRL will be listed on BSE and NSE 
B. TCIL will consolidate 4 shares of face value Rs.1 each into 1 share of face value Rs. 4 
each  
C. TCIL will reduce the face value of its shares from Rs. 4 per share to Rs. 3 per share  
D. TCIL will in parallel, merge 3 dormant and non- operating subsidiaries to reduce 
administrative costs  
 
Commenting on the announcement, Mr. Mahesh Iyer –  Managing Director & CEO of Thomas 
Cook India Limited said “I am delighted to announce this demerger  of Thomas Cook’s 
Resorts and Resort M anagement business  into Sterling Holiday  Resorts Limited. This 
demerger and restructuring unlocks tremendous value and  potential for TCIL shareholders by  
streamlining the existing capital structure and  resulting in improved Earnings Per Share. The 
demerger and restructuring also paves the way for a future listing of SHRL, enabling it to 
chart its own course in the rapidly expanding hospitality space in India”  
 
 
About Thomas Cook (India) Limited:  
Set up in 1881, Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL) is the leading omnichannel travel company in the country offering a broad 
spectrum of services including Foreign Exchange, Corporate Travel, MICE, Leisure Travel, Value Added Services, and Visa 
Services. It operates leading B2C and B2B brands including Thomas Cook, SO TC, TCI, SITA, Asian Trails, Allied TPro, 
Australian Tours Management, Desert Adventures, Travel Circle International Limited (TCI 勝景遊), Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Limited, Distant Frontiers, TC Tours, Digiphoto Entertainment Imaging (DEI), Go Vacation, Priv ate Safaris East & South Africa.  
  
As one of the largest travel service provider networks headquartered in the Asia-Pacific region, The Thomas Cook India Group 
spans 28 countries across 5 continents.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TCIL has been felicitated with MICE Powerhouse at MaxiiiMICE Awards 2025, Outbound Travel Operator of the Year (2024) 
and MICE Travel Operator of the Year (2024 & 2023) at The Economic Times Travel & Tourism Annual Awards, MICE Travel Agency (Outbound) at the Economic Times MICE & Wedding Tourism Awards 2024, 'Masters of Risk - Travel & Hospitality' at 
India Risk Management Awards 2024, MICE Tour Operator of the Year - Outbound at SATTE 2024, Best Tour Operator at the 
India Travel Awards North 2023, winner of the Corporate Citizen Award (Travel Tourism & Hospitality) at the Corporate Citizen  
Conclave & Award 2023, The Outbound Tour Operator of the Year 2022 at the SATTE Awards, IAMAI India Digital Awards 2022, CNBC -TV18 & ICICI Lombard India Risk Management Award - Travel & Leisure Category 2022 & 2021, CIO100 Award 
for digital innovation 2022.  
 
CRISIL has upgraded the rating on debt programs and bank facilities of TCIL - CRISIL AA/Stable’ on the long-term bank 
facilities of TCIL and ‘CRISIL A1+’ rating on the short -term bank facilities and short - term debt of the company. The highest 
rating for a travel & tourism company in India.  
 
For more information, please visit www.thomascook.in   
 Fairbridge Capital (Mauritius) Limited, a subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, is the promoter of TCIL with a 
shareholding of 63.83 % of its paid-up capital . 
 
About Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited:  
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in property and  
casualty insurance and reinsurance and associated investment management. Founded in 1985 by the present Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. V. Prem Watsa, the company is headquartered in Toronto, Canada. Its subordinate voting shares 
are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol FFH and in U.S. dollars under the symbol FFH.U.  
 
About Subsidiaries of Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL):  
 
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited  
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL is a leading leisure 
hospitality company with over 72 resorts, hotels and retreats across 62 locations  in India covering hills, beaches, jungles, 
waterfront, adventure, heritage, pilgrimage and drive-to locations. Sterling provides a variety of offerings: Leisure holidays 
through FIT packages, Meetings & Conferences, Weddings, Reunions, Picnics and Holidays.  
 
SOTC Travel Limited  
SOTC Travel Limited is a step -down subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas 
Cook (India) Limited (TCIL). SOTC Travel is a leading omnichannel travel and tourism company active across various travel 
segments including Leisure Travel, Incentive Travel and Business Travel.  
Established in 1949, SOTC is an Indian-grown brand with a legacy of over 75 years. Since then, it has escorted millions of 
travellers across the globe to various destinations around the globe. The Company firmly believes that today, ‘No one 
understands the Indian Traveller better than SOTC’.  
 
Travel Corporation (India) Limited  
Travel Corporation (India) Limited (TCI) (operating brands Sita, TCI and Distant Frontiers), a wholly owned subsidiary of TCI L, is 
the leading Destination Management Company in India that offers tailor -made travel and related services to India, Nepal, 
Bhutan and Sri Lanka.  
 
DEI Holdings Limited  
Thomas Cook India Group holds 51% stake in DEI Holdings Limited (DEI), one of the world’s leading imaging solutions and 
services providers.  
 
For more information, visit:  
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited: http://www.sterlingholidays.com    
SOTC Travel Limited: http://www.sotc.in    
 Media Enquiries:  
Shourya Rawool | +91 9619745154 | shourya.rawool@thomascook.in   