 
 
September 2, 2026  
 
The Manager,                   The Manager,  
Listing Department      Listing Department  
BSE Limited       National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
Dalal Street,       G Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 001      Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 500413      Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK  
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61     Fax No.: 2659 8237/38  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities a nd Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  regarding r eceipt of Observation Letter  from National Stoc k 
Exchange of India  Limited (“ NSE”) in relation to Composite Scheme of Arrangemen t. 
 
Ref:  Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst T homas Cook (India) Limited (“Demerged Company” or 
“Transferee Company” or “TCIL”) and Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited (“Resulting Company” or “SHRL”) 
and TC Visa Services (India) Limited (“Transferor Company 1” or “TCVSL”) and Jardin Travel Solutions 
Limited (“Transferor Company 2” or “JTSL”) and Borderless Travel Services Limited (“Transferor Company 
3” or “BTSL” )  and their respective shareholders, under Sections 230 to 232, 61 and 66 read with the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, National Company Law 
Tribunal Rules, 2016 and National Company Law Tribunal (Procedure for Reducti on of Share Capital of 
Company) Rules, 2016 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)  
 
In continuation to our earlier  intimation dated March 20, 2026  wherein it was informed that the Board of Directors of the 
Company had approved the  Composite Scheme of Arrangemen t subject to receipt of necessary regulatory and other 
approvals, as may be required . In this context, we wi sh to further inform that the Company has received observation letter  
from National Stock Exchange of India Limited dated September 1 , 2026  with ‘No objection ’ in terms of Regulation 37 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  in relatio n to the Scheme . Cop y of the said 
observation letter is  enclosed herewit h and is also  uploaded on the website of the Company, at weblink : 
https://www.thomascook.in/composite -scheme .  
 
This is for y our information and records.  
   
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Thomas Cook (I ndia) Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
Amit J. Parekh 
Company Secretary and  Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
Non-ConfidentialRef: NSE/LIST/54449 September 01, 2026
To
The Company SecretaryThomas Cook (India) Limited
Dear Sir /Madam,Sub: Observation Letter for draft composite Scheme of Arrangement of the Thomas Cook 
(India) Limited (“TCIL/Demerged Company/Tr ansferee Company”), Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Limited (“SHRL/Resulting Company”), TC Visa Services (India) Limited (“TCVSL/Transferor Company 1”), Jardin Travel Solutions Limited (“JTSL/Transferor 
Company 2”), Borderless Travel Services Limi ted (“BTSL/Transferor Company 3”) and their 
respective sharehold ers under sections 230 to 232, 61, 66 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, National Compan y Law Tribunal Rules, 2016 and National 
Company Law Tribunal (Procedure For Reduction  Of Share Capital Of Company) Rules, 2016.
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by Thomas Cook (India) Limited.
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/ 5444 9 dated July 23, 2026, submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/ CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and
Regulation 37 and 94 (2) and 94A (2) of SEBI (L ODR) Regulations, 2015 SEBI vide its letter dated 
August 27, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft sc heme of arrangement: 
a) The Company shall ensure that it is in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 11 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
b) The Company shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all othe r enforcement action taken, if any, against the 
Company, its promoters and directors, before th e Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“the 
NCLT”) and shareholders, while s eeking approval of the scheme.
c) The Company shall ensure that additional info rmation, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed co mpany and the stock exchanges.
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  54449                                          September 01, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet 
Non-Confidential d) The Company shall ensure compliance with the S EBI circulars issued from time to time. The 
entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the Master Circular(s) issued on June 20, 2023, and ensure that the liabilities of Demerged Undertaking i.e. 
Resort Business of TCIL (Demerged Company) are transferred to Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Limited (SHRL/ Resulting Company). 
 
e) The Company shall ensure that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies, if any, 
involved in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the IC DR Regulations, 2018, in the explanatory statement 
or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval, if applicable. 
 
f) The Company shall ensure that the financials in  the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old, if applicable. 
 
g) The Company shall ensure that the details of  the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange s hall be prominently disclo sed in the notice sent 
to the Shareholders. 
 
h) The Company shall ensure that the proposed equity  shares, if any, to be issued in terms of the 
“Scheme” shall mandatorily be in demat form only. 
 
i) The Company shall ensure that the “Scheme”  shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document. 
 
j) The Company shall ensure that the entities involved in the proposed scheme shall not make any 
changes in the draft scheme subsequent to fili ng the draft scheme with SEBI by the Stock 
Exchange(s). 
 
k) The Company shall ensure no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/ authorities / tribunals shall be made  without specific writte n consent of SEBI. 
 
l) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before  the NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations 
to the notice of the NCLT. 
 
m) The Company shall ensure to comply with all applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors for 
the proposed scheme. 
     
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  54449                                          September 01, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet 
Non-Confidential n) The Company shall ensure that the following additional  disclosure to the public shareholders as 
a part of explanatory statement or  notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to 
be forwarded by the company to the sharehol ders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act 2013, to enable them to take an informed decision – 
 
i. Small explanation of the scheme. 
ii. Need for the scheme, rationale of the scheme, synergies of business of the entities involved 
in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the 
scheme. 
iii. Details of Registered Valuer issuing Va luation Report and Merchant Banker issuing 
Fairness opinion, Summary of methods consid ered and basis for arriving at the Share-
Swap Ratio and Rationale for using above methods. 
iv. Latest financials of TCIL, SHRL, TCVSL, JT SL and BTSL not older than 6 months from 
the date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be  updated on the Website and same also to 
be disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
v. Pre and Post scheme shareholding of TCIL, SHRL, TCVSL, JTSL and BTSL as on the date 
of notice of Shareholders meeting along w ith rationale for changes, if any, occurred 
between filing of Draft Scheme to Notice to shareholders. 
vi. Capital Build-up of TCIL, SHRL, TCVSL,  JTSL and BTSL for last 3 years. 
vii. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of TCIL , SHRL, TCVSL, JTSL and BTSL for last 3 
years. 
viii. Value of Assets and liabilities of TCVSL, JTSL and BTSL that are being transferred to 
TCIL and post-merger bal ance sheet of TCIL. 
ix. Value of Assets and liabilities of TCIL t hat are being transferred to SHRL and post-
demerger balance sheet of TCIL. 
x. Value of Assets and liabilities of TCIL that  are being transferred to SHRL and post-
transfer balance sheet of SHRL. 
xi. Details of potential benefits and risks associat ed with the scheme, including integration 
challenges, market conditions  and financial uncertainties. 
xii. Financial implication of demerger on Promot ers, Public Shareholders and the companies 
involved. 
xiii. Disclose all actions taken and/or initiated against the entities involved in the scheme 
including its promoters/directors/KMPs and po ssible impact of the same on TCIL and its 
shareholders along with its status. 
xiv. Disclose the impact on reserves of TCIL and SHRL pursuant to the scheme of arrangement 
along with quantitative details showing the impact for both pre & post the scheme of arrangement and the same is accordance w ith applicable accounting standards and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Disclose the approval requirement of 
shareholders under the Companies Ac t, 2013 and other relevant details. 
     
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  54449                                          September 01, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet 
Non-Confidential o) The Company shall disclose the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 
24 hours of receiving the same.  
p) The Company shall ensure that SHRL to take nece ssary steps to complete the listing of securities 
and commence the trading of such securities within si xty days of receipt of the order of the NCLT, 
simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity are listed. 
 
q) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for repr esentation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations. 
 
r) Please note that the submission of documents/info rmation in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI should not in any way be deemed or constr ued that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the fi nancial soundness of  any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE ), should not in any way be deem ed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financia l soundness of any scheme or for th e correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted. 
 
It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on dr aft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, 
the company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) 
of Companies Act, 2013 to National Stoc k Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations  
 
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking 
given in terms of Regulation 11 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations , 2015, we hereby convey our “No 
objection” in terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the 
Company to file the draft scheme with NCLT. 
 The Company should also fulfil the Exchange’s criteri a for listing of such company and also comply 
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of Sterling Holiday 
Resorts Limited is at the discretion of the Exchange.  
 
  
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  54449                                          September 01, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet 
Non-Confidential The listing of Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be subject to 
SEBI approval & Company satis fying the following conditions: 
 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about Sterling Holiday 
Resorts Limited and its group companies in line w ith the disclosure re quirements applicable for 
public issues with National Stock Exchange of  India Limited (“NSE”) for making the same 
available to the public through website of the com panies. The following lines must be inserted as 
a disclaimer clause in the Information Memorandum: 
 
“The approval given by the NSE should not in any  manner be deemed or construed that the 
Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NS E does not in any manner warrant, certify or 
endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the Sterling 
Holiday Resorts Limited, its pr omoters, its management etc.” 
 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information Sterling Holiday 
Resorts Limited in line with the deta ils required as per SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated J une 20,2023. The advertisement should draw a 
specific reference to the afor esaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the 
company as well as NSE.  
3. To disclose all the material information about  Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited to NSE on 
continuous basis to make the same public, in add ition to the requirements,  if any, specified in 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries 
 
4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme:  
 
a) “The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shal l remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange.” 
b) “There shall be no change in the shareholdi ng pattern or control in Sterling Holiday 
Resorts Limited between the record date and the listing which may affect the status of this 
approval.” 
 
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master  Circular dated June 20, 20 23, Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Limited shall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading in securities commences within sixty days of receipt of the or der of the Hon’ble High Court/NCLT, simultaneously 
on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity (or transfer entity) are/were listed. 
Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary step s to ensure strict adherence to said timeline. 
 
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be inco mplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or  for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Gu idelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities. 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE
Ref: NSE/LIST/  54449                                          September 01, 2026  
 Continuation Sheet 
Non-Confidential The validity of this “Observati on Letter” shall be six months from September 01, 2026, within which 
the Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT. 
 
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as appr oval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred abov e) for which the Company ma y be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned depar tments for approval, if any. 
 The Company shall ensure filing of compliance st atus report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of S EBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status.  
  
Yours faithfully,   For National Stock Exchange of India Limited    Saili Kamble Manager 
 
P.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is av ailable on website of the exchange at the following                    
URL: https://www.nseindia.com/companies- listing/raising-capital-furthe r-issues-main-sme-checklist   
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application. 
The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ Play store with the name “NEAPS APP”  
  
 
 
 
 
 
This Document is Digitally Signed
Signer: SAILI MOHAN KAMBLE
Date: Tue, Sep 1, 2026 11:02:39 ISTLocation: NSE