 
March  20, 2026 
 
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001   The Manager,  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1  
G Block, Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 500413   Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK  
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61   Fax No.: 2659 8237/38  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub:  Announcement under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (‘SEBI Listing Regulations ’) – 
Outcome of Board Meeting  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Board  of 
Directors of the Company , at its meeting held today, based on the recommendation s of the 
Independent Director s Committee and the Audit Committee, has considered and approved the 
Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst Thomas Cook (India) Limited  (‘Demerged Company ’ 
or ‘Transferee Company ’ or ‘TCIL ’) and Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited  (‘Resulting Company ’ or 
‘SHRL ’) and TC Visa Services (India) Limited ( ‘Transferor Company 1 ’ or ‘TCVSL ’) and Jardin Travel 
Solutions Limited ( ‘Transferor Company 2 ’ or ‘JTSL ’) and Borderless Travel Services Limited 
(‘Transferor Company 3 ’ or ‘BTSL ’) and their respective shareholders under Sections 230  to 232, 
61, 6 6 and other applicable provisions of the Companie s Act, 2013  read with the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, National Company Law Tribunal 
Rules, 2016 and National Company Law Tribunal (Procedure for Reduction of Share Capital of 
Company) Rules, 2016 (“ Scheme ”). The sai d Scheme involves the following  in the order set out 
below : 
 
a) The demerger of Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) of the Demerged Company 
into the Resulting Company as a going concern and in consideration, the consequent issuance 
of the equity shares of the Resulting Company to all the shareholders of the Demerged Company  
in accordance with the Share Entitlement Rat io (as defined in the Scheme ) ("Demerger ”) 
 
b) The consolidation of four equity shares of TCIL of face value of INR 1 (Indian Rupee 1 Only) each 
into one equity share of face value of INR 4 (Indian Rupees Four Only) each  (“Consolidation of 
Share Capital ”); 
 
c) The merger by absorption o f TCVSL, JTSL and BTSL with TCIL and consequent dissolution of 
TVCSL, JTSL and BTSL without being wound up  (“Merger ”); 
d) The reduction of paid -up equity share capital of TCIL, without any payment to the shareholders 
of TCIL, by reducing the face value of paid -up equity shares of TCIL from INR 4/ - (Indian Rupees 
Four Only) per equity share to INR 3/ - (Indian Rupees Three Only ) per equity share (“Reduction 
of Share Capital ”); and  
e) Various other matters consequential or otherwise integrally connected therewith . 
 
The Scheme will be implemented  inter alia  in terms of Sections 230 to 232, 61, 66 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules issued thereunder, Section 2(19AA), 2(1B) 
and applicable provisions of the Income -tax Act, 1961 and other applicable laws, as amended fr om 
time to time and is subject to the receipt of requisite approval from the shareholders , creditors, 
jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
BSE Limited  (‘BSE’) , National Stock Exchange of India Li mited  (‘NSE’ and collectively along with BSE 
referred to as the ‘Stock Exchanges’) , and any other approvals, permissions, and sanctions of 
regulatory and other authorities , as may be necessary.  The Appointed Date for the Scheme is the 
Effective Date (as de fined in the Scheme).  
 
The disclosure of information in respect of the said Scheme , as required under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations  read with relevant SEBI Master Circular for compliance with the provisions of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations by listed entitie s dated January 30, 2026 (“ SEBI LODR Master Circular ”), is 
enclosed herewith as Annexure 1 .  
 
A Press Release in this regard is enclosed herewith as Annexure 2 . 
 
Further, the Board has also approved the  appointment of B SE Limited as the designated  stock 
exchange  for the purpose s of this Scheme  of Arrangement .   
 
The Board Meeting commenced at 3.45 P.M. (IST) and concluded at 6.00 P.M. (IST).  
 
You are requested to take above information on record.  
 
Thank you . 
Yours faithfully , 
For Thomas Cook (India) Limited  
 
 
 
Amit J Parekh  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ACS 13648  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Annexure 1 
 
Disclosure under sub -para s (1) and (2) of Para (A) of Part (A) to Schedule III of Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI LODR Master 
Circular  
 
Sr. No.  Particulars  Disclosure  
Demerger  
1 Brief details of the division(s) 
to be demerged.  The Demerged Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme) of the 
TCIL  is proposed to be demerged into SHRL .  
 
The Demerged Undertaking (as more particularly defined in the 
Scheme) consists of the resort s and resort  management 
business of Demerged Compa ny undertaken by way of operating 
and managing resorts, hotels and similar properties and 
undertaking ancillary and connected activities in connection 
therewith . 
2 Turnover of the Demerged 
Undertaking and as 
percentage to the total 
turnover of the listed entity in 
the immediately preceding 
financial year / based on 
financials of the last financial 
year.  The turnover of the Demerged  Undertaking for the year ended 
31st December  2025 was INR 70 Crores representing ~0.4% of 
the total standalone turnover  of the Company for the year ended 
31st December  2025. 
3 Rationale for Demerger  
 TCIL, is a leading travel company and has been offering inter alia  
broad spectrum of travel related services to its customers. TCIL 
owns and/ or operates multiple resorts  across India providing 
retreats in scenic locations amidst natural surroundings.  
 
It also has resorts which offer a host of curated services across 
multiple attractive market segments including:  
 
(i) Adventure Holidays – with experiences such as trekking, 
kayaking, rafting & zip lining;  
 
(ii) Educational trips - including survival skills, self -defence, 
nature -appreciation etc. for resilience/adaptability for 
students and corporates;  
 
(iii) Corporate Getaways – for Team building activities, 
wellness & leadership development programs etc.  
 
SHRL, a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL has a wide range of 
experience of running and operating hotel business, catering to 
a differe nt demographic and offering more unique and curated 
experiences.  
 
TCIL and SHRL’s Board  believes that the Resorts  and Resort 
 
Management  Business of TCIL would reap more benefits on 
account of expertise of SHRL in similar kind of business.  
 
Further, SHRL’s Board  is of the view that SHRL matured over the 
years and is well poised to chart its own growth path and operate 
as a separate listed entity in the fast -growing hospitality industry.  
 
Accordingly, the Board  of TCIL is of the view that for better  focus 
and maximum result, it is better to divest the Resort s and Resort 
Management  Business into SHRL and subsequently list SHRL.  
 
The main objective of the proposed restructuring, by way of a 
composite scheme, is to re -organize and segregate the differe nt 
business verticals and focus on core businesses, in compliance 
with relevant regulations. In this manner, the two listed entities 
can each pursue growth opportunities that are more aligned with 
their own industry dynamics, leading to improved operationa l 
efficiencies and profitability.  
4 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of all entities  There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the TCIL  
pursuant to the effectiveness of the Demerger  except for 
accelerated shares issued to ESOP trust as per the Scheme . 
 
SHRL  is presently a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL . Pursuant 
to the  effectiveness of the Demerger , each shareholder of TCIL , 
subject to applicable law, will be issued equity shares of SHRL  in 
the ratio of 81 shares  for every 1 00 share s held in TCIL . The 
existing equity shares of SHRL  held by TCIL  would continue to 
be held by TCIL . Details of change in shareholding pattern of 
SHRL are as under:   
Particulars  Pre-Scheme  
Shareholding (%)  Post -Scheme  
shareholding (%) 
(indicative)  
Promoters  100 65.55*  
ESOP Trust  - 2.16** 
Public  - 32.30  
Total  100 100 
*Includes 7% held by TCIL.  
** Pursuant to Scheme becoming effective, but 7 (seven) working 
days before Record Date 1, 65,70,000 options under ESOP  
Options 2024  (as defined in Clause  20.1 of the Scheme ) of the 
Demerged Company shall stand accelerated in accordance with 
the ESOP Options 2024. Such shares of TCIL shall be entitled to 
the shares of SHRL.  
4 In case of cash 
consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange 
ratio.  The Scheme does not involve payment of any cash consideration 
for the demerger. In consideration of the demerger of the 
Demerged  Undertaking (as defined in the Scheme), SHRL  shall 
issue and allot 81 (Eighty One) fully paid up equity shares of face 
value of Rs. 10 each for every 100 (One Hundred)  fully paid up 
equity shares of R e. 1 each  to the equity shareholders of TCIL ,  
 
5 Whether listing would be 
sought for the resulting 
entity.  Yes, the Resulting Company is proposed to be listed on BSE and 
NSE pursuant to the Scheme upon receipt of requisite approvals 
from the Stock Exchanges . 
Consolidation of Share Capital  
1 Consolidation ratio  Pursuant to Consolidation of Share Capital of TCIL, 4 (four) 
equity shares of TCIL of face value of Re. 1  each will be 
consolidated into 1 (one) equity share of TCIL of face value of 
Rs. 4  each  
2 Rationale behind 
consolidation  The Board of TCIL  believes that the proposed consolidation of 
the face value of its equity shares will result in a n improvement 
in certain key financial ratios. This enhancement in ratios is 
expected to better reflect the true market value of the Company's 
shares, aligning  the share price more appropriately with its 
intrinsic value.  
 
Such consolidation of share capital is also anticipated to convey 
stronger financial stability and valuation metrics, thereby 
presenting a more accurate picture of the  Company's financial 
stren gth and long -term prospects . 
3 Pre and post share capital – 
authorised, paid -up and 
subscribed  Pursuant to Consolidation of Share Capital of TCIL, authorized 
share capital of TCIL shall stand reorganized from Rs. 
6,97,93,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Six Hundred  and Ninety  Seven 
Crores Ninety Three Lakh only) divided into 1,97,93,00,000 
equity shares of Re. 1/- each and 50,00,00,000 preference 
shares of Rs. 10/- each to Rs. 6,97,93,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
Six Hundred and Ninety Seven Crores Ninety Three Lakh Only ) 
divided into 49,48,25,000 equity shares of Rs. 4/- each and 
50,00,00,000 preference shares of Rs. 10/- each  
 
Pursuant to Consolidation of Share Capital of TCIL, paid -up and 
subscribed share capital of TCIL shall stand reorganized from 
Rs. 47,69,50,562/ - (Indian Rupees Forty Seven Crores Sixty 
Nine Lakh Fifty Thousand Five Hundred and Sixty Two only) 
divided into 47,69,50,562 equity shares of Re. 1/- each to Rs. 
47,69,50,562/ - (Indian Rupees Forty Seven Crores Sixty Nine 
Lakh Fifty Thousand  Five Hundred and Sixty Two only) divided 
into 11,92,37,641 equity shares of Rs. 4/- each   
4 Expected time of completion  Consolidation of Share Capital of TCIL will be undertaken as a 
part of composite scheme of arrangement and same is expected 
to be comp leted , subject to securing necessary approvals, within 
15 to 18 months from the date of approval of the Scheme by the 
Board.   
5 Class of shares which are 
consolidated or subdivided  Equity shares of TCIL of Re. 1 each  
6 Number of shares of each 
class pre and post split or 
consolidation  There is only one class of shares that have been issued by TCIL 
i.e, equity shares of face value of Re. 1 each  
 
 
 Category  Pre Consolidation  Post Consolidation  
No. of shares  No. of shares  
Promoters  30,02,58,798  7,50,64,700  
ESOP Trust  1,10,96,573  27,74,143  
Public  16,55,95,191  4,13,98,798  
Total  47,69,50,562  11,92,37,641  
7 Number of shareholders who 
did not get any shares in 
consolidation and their pre -
consolidation shareholding  The effect of consolidation will take place only after the Scheme 
is finally approved by NCLT. The list of shareholders will be 
determined as on the Record Date 2 (as defined in the Scheme). 
Basis the list,  the number of shareholders will be determined.  
 
However, all shareholders will either receive shares of TCIL or 
equivalent compensation in case of fractional entitlements.  
Merger  
1 Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the Merger  
 a) TC Visa Services (India) Limited  (‘TCVSL’)  
b) Jardin Travel Solutions Limited  (‘JTSL’)  
c) Borderless Travel Services Limited  (‘BTSL’)  
d) Thomas Cook (India) Limited  (‘TCIL’)  
2 Details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc. of the 
entity(ies) forming part of the 
Merger   Paid up capital of following companies as on 31 March 2025:  
a) TCVSL : Rs. 0.05 cr  
b) JTSL : Rs. 1 cr 
c) BTSL : Rs. 0.05 cr  
d) TCIL : Rs. 47.04 cr  
Turnover of following companies for the year ended 31 March 
2025:  
a) TCVSL : Rs. 1.2 cr  
b) JTSL : Nil 
c) BTSL : Nil 
d) TCIL : Rs. 2,243.97 cr  
3 Whether the transaction 
would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s 
length  TCVSL , JTSL and BTSL are wholly owned subsidiar ies of TCIL . 
 
In terms of General Circular No. 30/2014 dated July 17, 2014, 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the requirements 
under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 will not apply to 
this transaction. Further, the provisions of Related Party 
Transactions will not apply to this transaction pursuant to 
Regulation 23(5)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  since 
all 3 entities are wholly owned subsidiaries of TCIL.  
4 Area of business of the 
entity(ies);  TCVSL  is a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL  and is authorised to 
render consultancy and/or advisory services in connection with 
obtaining / arranging visas . However, presently it is not carrying 
out any business.  
JTSL is a wholly owned subsidiary of  TCIL  and is authorised to 
engage in the business of providing backend information 
technology services . However, presently it is not carrying out any 
business.  
 
BTSL  is a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL and is authorised to 
engage in the business of Airline ticketing, Booking Hotel 
accommodation, Visa and Passport facilitation, Travel insurance 
etc. However, presently it is not carrying out any business.  
TCIL is a leading travel company  and has been offering inter alia  
broad spectrum of travel related service s to its customers. TCIL 
owns and/ or operates multiple resorts  across India providing 
retreats in scenic locations amidst natural surroundings . 
5 Rationale for Merger  TCVSL , JTSL and BTSL are dormant and non -operative 
companies, incurring unnecessary compliance and 
administrative costs. Their absorption into TCIL will streamline 
the corporate structure and reduce overheads. This will enhance 
efficiency and allow management to focus on core business 
activities . 
6 In case of cash 
consideration – amount or 
otherwise share exchange 
ratio TCVSL , JTSL and BTSL (collectively ‘Transferor Companies’) 
are wholly owned subsidiaries of  TCIL with all the shares in the 
share capital of these companies being held by TCIL and its 
nominees and TCIL being the holding company, cannot issue or 
allot any shares to itself, no shares whatsoever shall be issued 
by TCIL in consideration of the merger.  
 
Accordingly, all shares of TCVSL , JTSL and BTSL held by TCIL 
and its nominees and investment of TCIL shall stand cancelled 
upon the Scheme becoming effective without any issue or 
allotment of new shares in lieu of such shares of the Transferor 
Companies . 
7 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of listed entity  There will not be any change in the shareholding pattern of TCIL 
as no shares would be issued on such merger.  
Shares of TCVSL, JTSL and BTSL  held by TCIL would stand 
cancelled pursuant to Merger.  
Reduction of Share Capital  
1 Details and reasons for 
Reduction of Share Capital  The face value of paid -up equity shares of TCIL will be reduced 
from Rs. 4/- (Indian Rupees Four Only) per equity share to Rs. 
3/- (Indian Rupees Three Only) per equity share , without any 
payment to the shareholders of TCIL.  
Pursuant to Reduction of Share Capital, there will be no change 
or reduction in the number of Equity Sha res issued by TCIL , and 
hence, the proportion of the Equity Shares held by the existing 
members of TCIL  will remain intact and no prejudice will be 
caused to the shareholders of TCIL  by the aforesaid reduction in 
equity share capital.  
The Board  of TCIL believes that the proposed reduction of share 
capital is required to right size the balance sheet and capital 
structure of TCIL such that TCIL has a more efficient capital 
structure and the shareholders also benefit in terms of improved 
 
earnings p er share.  
2 Quantitative and/ or 
qualitative effect of 
Reduction of Share Capital  Reduction of share capital would result into:  
a) More efficient capital structure of TCIL  
b) Improved earnings per share of TCIL  
3 Details of benefit, if any, to 
the promoter/promoter 
group/group  companies  
from Reduction of Share 
Capital  There will be no direct benefit to the promoter/ promoter group/ 
group companies.  
Pursuant to Reduction of Share Capital, there will be no change 
or reduction in the number of Equity Shares issued by TCIL , and 
hence, the proportion of the Equity Shares held by the existing 
members of TCIL  will remain intact and no prejudice will be 
caused to the shareholders of TCIL  by the aforesaid reduction in 
equity share capital.  
4 Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern  
(if any) of all entities.  There will not be any change in the shareholding pattern of TCIL  
pursuant to Reduction of Share Capital.  
 
Thomas Cook (India ) Limited announces the 
demerger of its Resorts and Resort  Management 
business  into Sterling Holiday  Resorts L imited  
•The d emerger will unlock value for TCIL shareholders by separating
the Resorts and Resort M anagement business  into SHRL  - paving
the way for a future listing of SHRL
•The restructuring  will streamline the existing capital structure of
TCIL , which will result in improved Earnings Per Share for TCIL
shareholders
Mumbai, Friday, March 20th, 2026:  
Based on a recommendation by the audit committee and independent committee , the Board 
of Thomas Cook (India ) Limited (TCIL) today gave an in -principle approval to a proposal for 
the demerger of the company’s Resorts and Resort  Management business  into Sterling 
Holiday  Resorts Limited (SHRL) and a subsequent capital restructuring of TCIL. The 
proposed demerger and restructuring are subject to NCLT and other regulatory approvals.  
This demerger and restructuring is  being undertaken to:  
1.Unlock value for the shareholders of TCIL by demergin g the Resorts and Resort
Management business  into SHRL and to attract differentiated investor cohorts for each
business  segment
2.Streamline the existing capital structure of TCIL , which will  result in improved Earnings
Per Share
3.Enable sharper strategic an d operational focus across each business vertical
and pursue sector -specific growth strategies with agility
TCIL owns and/ or operates 6 resorts directly under the brand name Nature Trails. These 
resorts are spread across India in several scenic locations  and offer a host of curated 
services across mult iple attractive market segments including adventure holidays, 
educational trips and corporate getaways. TCIL will demerge this business into SHRL as part 
of the demerger.  Annexure-2
 
 
 
The proposed demerger and restruct uring, under a composite scheme of arrangement will 
entail the following steps:  
A. TCIL will demerge its Resorts and Resort  Management business  into SHRL  
• TCIL shareholders will receive SHRL  shares as consideration  for the demerger  and in 
accordance with the share entitlement ratio of 0.8 1 shares of SHRL for  every share of 
TCIL  
• TCIL will continue to hold its current number of shares in SHRL  post the deme rger 
• The promoters and public shareholding pattern of TCIL and SHRL will remain similar 
post the demerger  
• Shares of SHRL will be listed on BSE and NSE 
B. TCIL will consolidate 4 shares of face value Rs.1 each into  1 share of face value Rs. 4 
each  
C. TCIL will reduce the face value of its shares from Rs. 4 per share to Rs. 3 per share  
D. TCIL will in parallel, merge 3 dorm ant and non -operating subsidiaries to reduce 
admi nistrative costs  
 
Commenting on the announcement, Mr. Mahesh Iyer – Managing Director & CEO of Thomas 
Cook India Limited said “I am delighted to announce this demerger  of Thomas Cook’s 
Resorts and Resort M anagement business  into Sterling Holiday  Resorts Limited. This 
demerger and restructuring unlocks tremendous value and potential for TCIL shareholders by 
streamlining the existing capital structure and resulting in improved Earnings Per Share. The 
demerger and restructuring also paves the way for a future listing of SHRL, enabling it to 
chart its own course in the rapidly expanding hospitality space in India”  
 
 
About Thomas Cook (India) Limited:  
Set up in 1881, Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL) is the leadi ng omnichannel travel company in the country offering a broad 
spectrum of services including Foreign Exchange, Corporate Travel, MICE, Leisure Travel, Value Added Services, and  Visa 
Services. It operates leading B2C and B2B brands including Thomas Cook, SO TC, TCI, SITA, Asian Trails, Allied TPro, 
Australian Tours Management, Desert Adventures, Travel Circle International Limited (TCI 勝景遊 ), Sterling Holiday Resorts 
Limited, Dista nt Frontiers, TC Tours, Digiphoto Entertainment Imaging (DEI), Go Vacation, Priv ate Safaris East & South Africa.  
  
As one of the largest travel service provider networks headquartered in the Asia -Pacific region, The Thomas Cook India Group 
spans 28 countries across 5 continents.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TCIL has been felicitated with MICE Powerhouse at MaxiiiMICE Awards 2025, Outbound Travel Operator of the Year (2024) 
and MICE Travel Operator of the Year (2024 & 2023) at The Economic Times Travel & Tourism Annual Awards, MICE Travel 
Agency (Outbound) at the Economic Times MICE & Wedding Tourism Award s 2024, 'Masters of Risk - Travel & Hospitality' at 
India Risk Management Awards 2024, MICE Tour Operator of the Year - Outbound at SATTE 2024, Best Tour Operator at the 
India Travel Awards North 2023, winner of the Corporate Citizen Award (Travel Tourism & Hospitality) at the Corporate Citizen 
Conclave & Award 2023, The Outbound Tour Operator of the Year 2022 at the SATTE Awards, IAMAI India Digital Awards 
2022, CNBC -TV18 & ICI CI Lombard India Risk Management Award - Travel & Leisure Category 2022 & 2021, CIO100 Award 
for digital innovation 2022.  
 
CRISIL has upgraded the rating on debt programs and bank facilities of TCIL - CRISIL AA/Stable’ on the long -term bank 
facilities of TCIL and ‘CRISIL A1+’ rating on the short -term bank facilities and short - term de bt of the company. The highest 
rating for a travel & tourism company in India.  
 
For more information, please visit www.thomascook.in    
 
Fairbridge Capital (Mauritius) Limited, a subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdi ngs Limited, is the promoter of TCIL with a 
shareholding of 63.83 % of its paid -up capital . 
 
About Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited:  
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in propert y and 
casualty insurance and reinsurance and associated  investment management. Founded in 1985 by the present Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. V. Prem Watsa, the compa ny is headquartered in Toronto, Canada. Its subordinate voting  shares 
are listed  on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol FFH and in U.S. dollars under the symbol FFH.U.  
 
About Subsidiaries of Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL):  
 
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited  
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL is a leading leisure 
hospitality company with over 72 resorts, hotels and retreats across 62 locations  in India covering hills, beaches, jungl es, 
waterfront, adventure, heritage, pilgrimage and drive -to locations. Sterling  provides a variety of offerings: Leisure holidays 
through FIT packages, Meetings & Conferences, Weddings, Reunions, Picnics and Holidays.  
 
SOTC Travel Limited  
SOTC Travel Limited is a step -down subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings held through its Ind ian listed subsidiary, Thomas 
Cook (India) Limited (TCIL). SOTC Travel is a leading omnichannel travel and tourism company active across various travel 
segments including Leisu re Travel, Incentive Travel and Business Travel.  
Established in 1949, SOTC is a n Indian -grown brand with a legacy of over 75 years. Since then, it has escorted millions of 
travellers across the globe to various destinations around the globe. The Company firmly believes that today, ‘No one 
understands the Indian Traveller better than SOTC’.  
 
Travel Corporation (India) Limited  
Travel Corporation (India) Limited (TCI) (operating brands Sita, TCI and Distant Frontiers), a wholly owned subsidiary of TCI L, is 
the leading Destination Management Company in India that offers tailor -made travel  and related services to India, Nepal, 
Bhutan and Sri Lanka.  
 
DEI Holdings Limited  
Thomas Cook India Group holds 51% stake in DEI Holdings Limited (DEI), one of the world’s leading imaging solutions and 
services providers.  
 
For more information, visit:  
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited: http://www.sterlingholidays.com    
SOTC Travel Limited: http://www.sotc.in    
 
Media Enquiries:  
Shourya Rawool | +91 9619745154 | shourya.rawool@thomascook.in    