 
 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 507205 To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: TI 
 
Sub : Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
The Board at its Meeting today i.e. Friday, May 29, 2026, has inter-alia  considered 
and approved, subject to the receipt of requisite approval, consents and sanctions, 
the Scheme of Amalgamation under Section 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules framed thereunder, 
for amalgamation of two wholly owned subsidiaries  of Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
(“TIL” or “the Company” or “Transferee Company”), viz., (i) Punjabexpo Breweries 
Private Limited; and (ii) Vahni Distilleries Private Limited (collectively referred to as 
the “Transferor Companies” and individually as the “Transferor Company”) with TIL 
(“the Scheme of Amalgamation”).  
 
The Scheme of Amalgamation is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory 
approvals, including approval of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Mumbai Bench and other regulatory authorities, as may be required in terms of the 
applicable provisions of the law. 
 
The salient features of the proposed Scheme, inter alia, are given as under: 
 
1. The Appointed Date of the Scheme would be April 1, 2026 or such other date as 
may be fixed or approved by the Hon’ble NCLT, Mumbai Bench and which is 
acceptable to the Board of Directors of the Companies. 
 
2. The entire assets and liabilities of the Transferor Companies to be transferred to 
and recorded by the Company at their respective carrying values in the books of 
accounts of the Transferor Companies. All inter-company balances and 
investments amongst the Transferor Companies and the Company will stand 
cancelled as a result of the proposed Scheme. 
 
 
 
 
 
3. The entire share capital of the Transferor Companies is held by the Company. 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no equity shares of the Company shall 
be allotted in lieu or exchange of the holding of the Company in the Transferor 
Companies and accordingly, equity shares held by the Company in the 
Transferor Companies shall stand cancelled on the Effective Date without any 
further act, instrument. or deed.  
 
The required details pertaining to above point numbers 4 and 9 pursuant to SEBI 
Listing Regulations  read with HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 
January 30, 2026 is enclosed as an Annexure-A. 
 
The above disclosure shall also be available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.tilind.com    
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
Minuzeer Bamboat   
Company Secretary Compliance Officer & Head- Legal 
M. No. 73014 
Encl: a/a 
 
  
 
 
 
Annexure-A 
 
Amalgamation of two wholly owned subsidiary companies of Tilaknagar 
Industries Limited (“TIL” or “the Company”), viz., (i) Punjabexpo Breweries 
Private Limited; and (ii) Vahni Distilleries Private Limited with TIL. 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars Description 
1.  Name of the entity(ies) 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, 
details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc. First Transferor Company: 
Punjabexpo Breweries Private Limited was 
incorporated as a private limited company 
under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 on 
December 1, 1997 in the state of 
Maharashtra. The CIN of the First Transferor 
Company as on date is 
U15531PN1997PTC143390. The First 
Transferor Company is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Transferee Company. 
 
Second Transferor Company: 
Vahni Distilleries Private Limited was 
incorporated as a private limited company 
under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 on 
March 15, 1993 in the state of Maharashtra. 
The CIN of the Second Transferor Company 
as on date is U24119PN1993PTC133461. The 
Second Transferor Company is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Transferee 
Company. 
 
Transferee Company: 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited was originally 
incorporated as a public limited company 
under the erstwhile Companies Act, 1913, on 
the July 29, 1933 in the erstwhile province of 
Bombay and present day State of 
Maharashtra. The CIN of the Transferee 
Company as on date is 
L15420PN1933PLC133303. TIL is a listed 
company having its equity shares listed on 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited. 
 
The financial details of the Companies are 
provided in ‘Exhibit - I’. 
 
 
 
 
2. whether the transaction 
would fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at 
"arms length"; Yes. The Transferor Companies are direct 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
Company and as such the said companies 
are related party to each other. 
 
However, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
has clarified vide its General Circular No. 30/ 
2014 dated July 17, 2014 that transactions 
arising out of Compromise, Arrangements 
and Amalgamations dealt with under specific 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, will 
not fall within the purview of related party 
transaction in terms of Section 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 23(5)(b) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, the provisions 
relating to approval of the Audit Committee 
and shareholders for related party 
transactions are not applicable to the 
aforesaid transaction, since the Transferor 
Companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of 
the Company and are proposed to be 
amalgamated with the Company pursuant to 
the Scheme of Arrangement. Accordingly, the 
requirement of determination of arm’s length 
basis is also not applicable in the present 
case. 
3. Area of business of the 
entity(ies); First Transferor Company:   
The First Transferor Company is primarily 
engaged in the business of manufacturing 
and sale of Indian Made Foreign Liquor 
(IMFL). PEBPL has a strong and diverse 
portfolio of brands in various liquor 
categories including brandy, whisky, vodka, 
gin and rum. 
 
Second Transferor Company: 
The Second Transferor Company is primarily 
engaged in the business of manufacturing 
and sale of Indian Made Foreign Liquor 
(IMFL). VDPL has a strong and diverse 
portfolio of brands in various liquor 
categories including brandy, whisky, vodka, 
gin and rum. 
 
 
 
 
 
Transferee Company: 
The Transferee Company is a listed company 
having its equity shares listed on BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited. TIL is primarily engaged in the 
business of manufacturing and sale of Indian 
Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and owns certain 
alcohol brands such as “Imperial Blue”, 
“Mansion House”, “Madiraa”, “Blue Lagoon”, 
“Courrier Napoleon”, etc. TIL along with its 
subsidiaries has a strong and diverse 
portfolio of brands in various liquor 
categories including brandy, whisky, vodka, 
gin and rum. 
4.  rationale for amalgamation/ 
merger; The Transferor Companies are directly 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Transferee 
Company and are operating in the similar 
line of business activities. The Scheme is 
proposed as a part of consolidation strategy 
within the Group. The objects / rationale of 
the proposed Scheme are as under: 
 The amalgamation will enable the 
Transferee Company to integrate its 
business operations and provide impetus 
to its operations. Further, the 
manufacturing functions shall be housed 
in the Transferee Company, which is the 
flagship entity. The consolidation of the 
activities by way of an amalgamation of 
the Transferor Companies will lead to 
synergies of operations, reduction in 
overheads including administrative, 
managerial and other expenditure, 
operational rationalization, 
organizational efficiency, competitive 
advantage and optimal utilization of 
resources; 
 The Scheme will help in elimination of 
administrative functions and multiple 
record-keeping, thus reducing 
expenditure considerably; 
 Significant reduction in the multiplicity 
of legal and regulatory compliances 
required at present to be carried out by 
the Transferor Companies and the 
Transferee Company; 
 
 
 
 It will improve and consolidate internal 
controls and functional integration at 
various levels of the organization such as 
information technology, human 
resources, finance, legal and general 
management leading to an efficient 
organization capable of responding 
swiftly to volatile and rapidly changing 
market scenarios; 
 Rationalization of the group holding 
structure by way of reduction in the 
number of entities and streamline the 
structure of Transferee Company;  
 Providing an opportunity to leverage 
combined assets, capabilities, 
experience, expertise, infrastructure of 
both companies enabling optimum 
utilization of existing resources and 
economies of scale; 
 Improved cash flows and more efficient 
utilization of capital, human resources 
and infrastructure to create a stronger 
base for future growth, enhance future 
business potential, and achieve greater 
efficiencies, productivity gains and 
advantages by pooling of resources of the 
group companies thereby significantly 
contributing to the future growth and 
maximizing shareholder's value; and 
 Significant reduction in the multiplicity 
of legal and regulatory compliances 
required at present to be carried out by 
Transferor Companies, and greater 
financial strength and flexibility for the 
Transferee Company, which would result 
in maximizing overall shareholder value. 
5. In case of cash consideration 
- amount or otherwise share 
exchange ratio; The entire share capital of the Transferor 
Companies is held by the Company (directly 
and jointly with the nominee shareholders). 
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no 
shares of the Company shall be allotted in 
lieu or exchange of the holding of the 
Transferee Company in the Transferor 
Companies and accordingly, equity shares 
held in the Transferor Companies shall stand 
 
 
 
cancelled on the Effective Date without any 
further act, instrument, or deed.  
6. Brief details of change in 
shareholding pattern (if any) 
of listed entity. There will be no change in the shareholding 
pattern of the Company pursuant to the 
Scheme, as no shares are being issued by the 
Company in connection with the Scheme.  
 
 
Exhibit – I 
 
Financial details as on March 31, 2026 
Rs. in Lacs 
                                                                                                                          
Particulars  PunjabExpo Vahni TI 
First Transferor 
Company Second 
Transferor 
Company Transferee 
Company 
Paid-up Equity Share 
Capital 2,160.00 1,498.05 24,717.08 
Net Worth – Equity 
Share Capital + Other 
Equity (Standalone) 771.77 (168.63) 3,00,174.04 
Total Income 
(Revenue from 
Operations + Other 
Income) (Standalone) 241.53 681.98 5,27,259.58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 