TlmElr
August 26, 2026
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C-1, Block G,
Bandra – Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051
Symbol: TIMETECHNOBSE Limited
1“ Floor, New Trading Ring,
Rotunda Building,
P.J. Towers, DalaI Street,
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001
Scrip Code: 532856
Meeting Commencement Time
Meeting Conclusion Time04:00 p.m
07:15 p.m
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting held on August 26, 2026
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations
2015 ('Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of Time Technoplast
Limited ('TTL’) at its meeting held today i.e. on August 26, 2026, inter-alia, transacted and approved
the following businesses:
1. In-principle Approval for Merger of TPL Plastech Limited (Subsidiary Company) with Time
Technoplast Limited (Holding Company), Subject to Further Approvals
The Board considered and deliberated on the proposal for merger of TPL Plastech Limited
("Transferor Company" or “TPL”), Subsidiary Company listed on BSE Limited and NSE with Time
Technoplast Limited (“Transferee Company”) Holding Company, which holds 74.86% stake in TPL/
with the Appointed Date as April O1, 2026, pursuant to the Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made thereunder, on the basis that the
transaction is expected to secure the long-term interests of all stakeholders.
The proposed merger is expected to facilitate consolidation of the group structure1 and re-
arrangement of the manufacturing units and product lines of TPL Plaste('h Limited and Time
Technoplast Limited, enabling each distinct product category to be handled by a dedicated unit
within Time Technoplast Limited. Such rationalised, product-focused unit-wise operations are
expected to provide greater impetus to product development, foster innovation, and improve the
overall manufacturing and operational efficiency of the merged entity.
Additionally, pooling the financial, managerial, and technical resources of both the Companies is
expected to enhance the combined entity's competitive strength and reduce costs. The combination
of the two businesses is expected to generate operational and financial synergies.
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
With a vision for the future
CIN : L27203DD1989PLC003240
Regd. Office : 101, 1 st Floor, Centre Point, Somnath Daman Road, Somnath, Dabhel, Nani Daman, Daman - 396210
Corp. Off. : 55, Corlxxate Avenue, 2nd Floor, Saki Uhar Road, Arxlh8d (East), Mumbai - 4CX) 072 INDIA Tel. : 91-22-7111 9999 / gm E.mail : ttl@timetechnoNast.com Website : www.timetechnoplast.com
Bangalore : (080) 27735346 /47 Beddi : 9816720202n816820202/9816700202 Chennai (044) 4501 0019/ 29 Delhi : (0120) 4326144 / 4284946 Hyderabad : 9849019428 Kolkata : (033) 65980034

TimEIr
The Board has accorded its in-principle approval to the proposed merger, subject to the following:
i) Appointment of a consultant to draft the Scheme of Amalgamation and prepare related
applications;
ii) Appointment of a registered valuer and a merchant banker to obtain the valuation report and
fairness opinion, respectively;
iii) Determination of the fair share exchange ratio ("Swap Ratio"), based on the valuation report
submitted by an independent registered valuer;
Upon completion of the above process, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors will
convene further meeting(s) to finalise the Swap Ratio and approve the Scheme of Merger.
The details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/1/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, are enclosed
herewith as Annexure A.
2.Board Decides Not to Proceed with Acquisition of Ebullient Packaging Private Limited ('EPPL')
The Board wishes to inform, in continuation of the Company's earlier intimation dated September
06, 2025, wherein the Exchange was informed that Time Technoplast Limited had entered into a
Memorandum of Understanding ("MoU") with the Promoters of Ebullient Packaging Private Limited
("EPPL") for acquisition of a 74% stake in EPPL, that the MoU period has since expired.
Since the execution of the MoU, the Board has remained actively engaged with the proposed
transaction and has adopted a diligent, structured approach towards its evaluation. In furtherance
of this, the Company had appointed an independent consultant to carry out a comprehensive due
diligence exercise covering the financial, operational, legal, and commercial aspects of EPPL's
business. The Board also continuously monitored and reviewed the performance and business
trajectory of EPPL on a quarter-by-quarter basis, in order to arrive at an informed and well-
considered decision.
However, in view of subsequent global geopolitical developments, including the West Asia conflict,
and the consequent changes in the overall business environment, including demand and growth
prospects. The Board deliberated on all relevant scenarios, business viability, and strategic
considerations, and after such thorough evaluation, has decided not to proceed with the proposed
acquisition of EPPL. The discontinuation of this proposal shall not result in any financial loss to the
Company.
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
WIth a vIsion for the future

TlmElr
3. Approved Investment in Equity Shares of Time Intercontinental Limited (TICL)
Time Intercontinental Limited was incorporated on February 20, 2025, to carry on the business of
trading, import, export, processing, and distribution of various types of polymers, including
polyethylene (PE), polypropylene (PP), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and other synthetic raw materials,
masterbatches, and related products, for industrial, commercial, agricultural and domestic use. Time
Intercontinental Limited is promoted by the Promoters/Promoter Companies of Time Technoplast
Limited who have more than 40 years of experience in polymer business and is professionally
managed, with Mr. Sureshkumar P.T., a seasoned professional with over 33 years of experience in
the petrochemicals industry, including a long tenure with Reliance Industries Limited (RIL).
After detailed deliberation, the Board approved an investment of up to Rs. 50 crores, in one or more
tranches, towards subscription to Equity Shares of Time Intercontinental Limited at face value, to
subscribe up to 65% of its paid-up share capital, with the remaining 35% shares to be subscribed at
face value by the Promoters/Promoter Group Companies. Pursuant to the said investment, Time
Intercontinental Limited would become a subsidiary of the Company.
The proposed investment in Time Intercontinental Limited is expected to significantly benefit the
Company by enabling bulk purchase discounts on polymer procurement for the Group, as suppliers
typically offer volume-based pricing benefits.
The details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master
Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/1/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, are enclosed
herewith as Annexure B.
Yours Faithfully,
For Time Technoplast Limited
Manoj Kumar Mewara
Sr. VP Finance and Company Secretary
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
WIth a vision for the future

TlmE7
Annexure A
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Sr.
No.
1Particulars I Details of Information
r Plastech Limited
the amalgamation/merger, details in 1 ("Transferor Company") and Time Technoplast
brief such as, size, turnover etc.; I Limited ("Transferee Company").
The Transferor Company is a 74.86% subsidiary of
the Transferee Company.
The consolidated turnover, net worth and net
profit of the companies as on March 31, 2026 are
as under:
(R in lakhs)
a
Limited I Technoplast
Particulars I I Limited
L
e
e
Yes, TPL Plastech Limited and Time Technoplast
Limited are related parties, as Time Technoplast
Limited holds 74.86% of the paid-up equity share
capital ofTPL Plastech Limited.2whether the transaction would fall
within related party transactions? if yes,
whether the same is done at “arm’s
length";
However, in terms of General Circular No. 30/2014
dated July 17, 2014 issued by the Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, transactions arising out of
compromises, arrangements and amalgamations
under the Companies Act, 2013 will not attract the
requirements of Section 188 of the Act.
TPL Plastech Limited: Manufacturing of industrial
packaging products, including plastic jerry cans,
drums and Intermediate Bulk Containers (IBC).
Time Technoplast Limited: Manufacturing of
packaging products (plastic drums, jerry
cans/pails, IBCs), composite products (LPG, CNG,
hydrogen cylinders, fire extinguishers), PE pipes,
and other products including MOX films, auto
products, and turf and matting.t
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD.
With a vision for the future

Sr. I Particulars
No.
aDetails of Information
Rationale for amalgamation/merger:
The proposed amalgamation of TPL Plastech
Limited with Time Technoplast Limited would,
inter-alia, enable realisation of the following
benefits:
a)integration of the manufacturing units and
product lines of both companies, enabling
each distinct product category to be handled
by a dedicated unit within Time Technoplast
Limited;
b)rationalised, product-focused unit-wise
operations expected to provide greater
impetus to product development, foster
innovation, and improve overall
manufacturing and operational efficiency;
c) simplification of the Group structure and
reduction in related party transactions,
there by lowering compliance and
administrative burden;
d) pooling of financial, managerial, and technical
resources, leading to optimal utilisation of
resources and cost efficiencies;
e) strengthening of the financial position of the
consolidated entity;
f) generation of operational and financial
synergies to support long-term sustainable
growth, thereby enhancing value for all
stakeholders concerned.
The Scheme is in the interest of all stakeholders of
both TPL Plastech Limited and Time Technoplast
Limited
Not applicable at this stage.5+ in case of cash consideration – amount
or otherwise share exchange ratio;
) Uge.
pattern (if any) of listed entity.
*The share exchange ratio ("Swap Ratio") and the consequent change in shareholding pattern of the listed
entity are yet to be determined. Upon completion of the requisite process, the Audit Committee and the Board
of Directors will convene further meeting(s) to finalise the Swap Ratio and approve the Scheme of Merger.
Appropriate disclosures under Regulation 30 read with the SEBI Master Circular for compliance with the Listing
Regulations shall be made to the Stock Exchanges upon finalisation of the Scheme of Merger and the Swap
Ratio6+
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
With a vision for the future

TImE–r
Annexure B
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Sr. No. Particulars E Details of Information
a) a pany promoted by
details in brief such as size, 1 the Promoters/Promoter Companies of Time
turnover etc. I Technoplast Limited.
The proposed investment shall be made by way of
subscription to fresh Equity Shares on face value to be
issued by Time Intercontinental Limited, pursuant to
which the Company shall subscribe up to 65% of the
paid-up share capital of Time Intercontinental Limited,
with the remaining 35% shares to be subscribed at face
value by the Promoters/Promoter Group Companies.
The Authorised Share Capital of the company is Rs.
5,00,00,000 and the Paid-up Share Capital of the
company is Rs. 51,25,000.
Being a newly incorporated company, the details of its
size and turnover are not yet available.
Yes, the proposed transaction falls within the ambit of a
related party transaction, as Time Intercontinental
Limited is promoted by the Promoter/Promoter
Companies of Time Technoplast Limited.b) Whether the acquisition
would fall within related party
transaction(s) and whether
the promoter/promoter
group/group companies have
any interest in the entity being
acquired? if yes, nature of
interest and details thereof
and whether the same is done
at “arm’s length”;
Industry to which the entity
being acquired belongs;The promoters/promoter group companies hold
promoter interest in the entity. The proposed
investment is being undertaken on an arm's length
basis and has been approved by the Audit Committee
of the Company.
To carry on the business of trading, import, export,
processing, and distribution of various types of
polymers, including polyethylene (PE), polypropylene
(PP), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and other synthetic raw
materials, masterbatches, and related products, for
industrial use.C)
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
With a vision for the future

Sr. No. 1 Particulars Details of Information
d)Objects and impact of
acquisition (including but not
limited to, disclosure of
reasons for acquisition of
target entity, if its business is
outside the main line of
business of the listed entity);Time Intercontinental Limited is engaged in trading of
raw materials used in the products manufactured by
the Company and is therefore in line with the
Company's existing line of business. The acquisition is
expected to create business synergy, strengthen raw
material sourcing and trading capabilities, and enhance
the overall profitability including bulk buying group
discount and competitive positioning of the Company.
No governmental or regulatory approvals are required
for the proposed acquisition, other than those required
under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015, as applicable.
Within 12 months subscription in one or more tranchese)
f)
g)
h)
i)Brief details of any
governmental or regulatory
approvals required for the
acquisition;
Indicative time period for
completion of the acquisition;
Consideration - whether cash
consideration or share swap
or any other form and details
of the same;
Cost of acquisition and/or the
price at which the shares are
acquired;
Percentage of
shareholding/control acquired
and/or number of shares
acquired;Cash consideration; up to Rs. 50 crores, in one or more
tranches, towards subscription to fresh Equity Shares
on face value of Time Intercontinental Limited.
The subscription of Equity Shares shall be in one or
more tranches at face value over the period of 12
months.
The Company shall subscribe up to 65% of the paid-up
share capital of Time Intercontinental Limited. The
exact percentage of shareholding/control and the
number of shares to be subscribed shall be determined
progressively, based on the quantum of investment
made in each tranche, and shall be disclosed to the
Exchange as and when the investment is
completed/tra IIChes are executed .
Time Intercontinental Limited was incorporated on
February 20, 2025, to carry on the business of trading,
import, export, processing, and distribution of various
types of polymers, including polyethylene (PE),
polypropylene (PP), polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and other
synthetic raw materials, masterbatches, and related
products, for industrial, commercial, agricultural and
domestic use.i) Brief background about the
entity acquired in terms of
products/line of business
acquired, date of
incorporation, history of last 3
years turnover, country in
which the acquired entity has
presence and any other
significant information (in
brief); The company has presence in India and yet to
commence the business activity.
The company was newly incorporated in the previous
financial year, hence historical turnover figures for the
preceding three years are not applicable.
TIME TECHNOPLAST LTD
With a vision for the future
