 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
First Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai 400 001  
 
January 29, 2026  
Sc no. - 26 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th  Floor  
Plot No.C/1, G Block  
Bandra -Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
 
 
 
Dear Sir/  Madam,  
 
Sub:  Intimation of outcome of the Board Meeting under Regulation 30 and Regulation 51 
of the  Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing  Regulations”)   
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 51 read with Part A, Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations , we hereby inform you that the Board of Directors of Tata Motors Limited  
(formerly  known as TML Commercial Vehicles Limited ) (“Company ”) at its meeting held today ,  
i.e. January 29, 2026 , based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee , has approved a  
Composite Scheme of Amalgamation  amongst the Company  (“TML” or “Amalgamated 
Company ” or “Tata Motors ”), TMF Holdings Limited (“ TMFHL ” or “Amalgamating Company 1 ”), 
and TMF Business Services Limited (“ TMFBSL ” or  “ Amalgamating Company 2 ”) and their 
respective  shareholders under Sections 230  to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) and other 
applicable  provisions of the Act and the rules fra med thereunder , inter alia , for the merger of 
TMFHL and TMFBSL, being direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, respectively, with  
TML (“ Scheme ”).  
 
The Scheme will be impleme nted in terms of Sections 230  to 232 of the Act read with the Rules 
framed thereunder, Section 2(1B ), and applicable provisions of the Income -tax Act, 1961 and other 
applicable laws, as amended from time to time and is subject to the receipt of requisite approval s 
of shareholders, creditors, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, BSE Limited (“ BSE”), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE” collectively with BSE, “ Stock Exchanges ”), 
regulatory and other statutory or governmental authorities and quasi -judicial authorities.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 37(6) of SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular dated 
June 20, 2023, bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/POD2/P/CIR/2023/93, the requirement 
of obtaining “No Objection Letter” from the Stock Exchanges is not applicable to draft schemes 
which solely provide for  merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with its holding company. 
Accordingly, for the aforementioned purpose, this Scheme shall be filed with the Stock Exchanges  
for the purpose of dissemination of the Scheme on the website of Stock Exchanges.   
 
However , TML and TMFHL shall file the Scheme and related documents pursuant to Regulation 
59A of SEBI Listing Regulations read with Chapter XII of the Master Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/DDHS/DDHS -PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/0000000103 dated July 11, 2025 issued by SEBI, with 
the Stock Exchanges , as applicable,  to seek “No Objection Letter” to the draft Scheme.  
 
 
 
 
 
In this connection, we are enclosing herewith the information as required under Regulation 30 and  
Regulation 51 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with relevant SEBI Circular dated  
November 11, 2024 as Annexure 1 .  
 
The Board Meeting of the Company commenced at 11:00 a.m. and concluded at 4:00 p.m. 
 
We request the exchanges to take the aforesaid disclosure on their records.  
 
Yours Faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited  
(formerly  TML Commercial Vehicles Limited ) 
 
 
 
Sudipto Kumar Das  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As attached.  
  
 
 
 
 
Annexure 1  – Amalgamation  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Information  
 
1.  Name of the 
entity(ies) forming 
part of the 
amalgamation/ 
merger, details in 
brief such as, size, 
turnover etc.  Name of the entity 
forming part of the 
amalgamation/ merger  
 Total income 
for the year 
ended March 
31, 2025*  Net Worth 
as on 
March 31, 
2025*  
₹ in crore  
Tata Motors Limited ( formerly TML 
Commercial Vehicles Limited )   
CIN: L29102MH2024PLC427506  
  52,740.58  7,849  
TMF HOLDINGS LIMITED  
CIN: U65923MH2006PLC162503  
 107.79  5,593.49  
TMF BUSINESS SERVICES 
LIMITED  
CIN: U45200MH1989PLC050444  53.47  (36.23)  
* As per TML audited standalone financial  statements as at March 31, 2025 . 
2.  Whether the 
transaction would 
fall within related 
party transactions? 
If yes, whether the 
same is done at 
“arm’s length” . • TMFHL and TMFBSL are direct and indirect wholly 
owned subsidiar ies of TML , and as such all three  
companies  are related parties to each other. However, 
in terms of the General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 
July 17, 2014 issued by  the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (“ MCA Circular ”), the transactions arising out 
of compromises, arrangements and amalgamation s 
under the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”), shall not 
attract the requirements of Section 188 of the Act.  
 
• Further, pursuant to Regulation 23(5)(b) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  (“SEBI Listing Regulations ”), any 
transaction entered into between a holding company 
and its wholly owned subsidiary whose accounts are 
consolidated with such holding company and placed 
before the shareholders at the general meeting for 
approval, is exempted from the provisions of 
Regulation 23(2), 23(3) and 23(4) of the SEBI  
Listing Regulations.  
 
• Further, upon  the amalgamation of TMFHL and 
TMFBSL  with TML, the entire paid -up share capital of 
TMFHL and TMFBSL  would stand cancelled . TMFHL 
and TMFBSL  shall stand dissolved without being 
wound up  and no consideration shall be paid by TML . 
 
 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Information  
 
 
3.  Area of business of 
the entity(ies)  • TML is engaged in the manufacturing of commercial 
vehicles .  
 
• TMFHL , is registered as an NBFC – Core Investment 
Company with the Reserve Bank of India, and  is 
engaged in the business of investing, granting of 
loans, guarantees and other forms of finance to its 
subsidiaries and/ or its group companies.  
 
• TMBSL  is engaged in the business of operating 
lease s. 
4.  Rationale for 
amalgamation/ 
merger  The proposed amalgamation of TMFHL and TMBSL with 
TML, would, inter alia  have the following benefits:  
• Rationalisation and simplification of structure by 
reducing the number of legal entities thereby reducing 
structural complexity, and facilitating more efficient 
management;  and 
 
• Elimination of administrative duplications, 
consequently reducing administrative and other 
associated costs of maintaining separate entities.  
5.  In case of cash 
consideration – 
amount or 
otherwise share 
exchange ratio  
 • TMFHL and TMFBSL  are direct and indirect wholly 
owned subsidiar ies of TML. Upon  the effectiveness of 
the Scheme, the entire paid -up share capital of 
TMFHL and TMFBSL  shall stand cancelled in its 
entirety.  
 
• Further, the investment, in the form of shares of 
TMFHL and TMFBSL , appearing in the books of 
accounts of TML shall, without any further act or deed, 
stand cancelled. No consideration shall be paid by 
TML for the mergers. It is clarified that no new equity 
shares shall be issued by TML in consideration of the 
amalgamation.  
 
• Pursuant to this Scheme, there will be no change in 
terms and conditions of the Amalgamating Company 
1 NCDs  as prevailing on the Record Date (other than 
change in the issuer of the relevant NCDs). 
Amalgamating Company 1 NCDs shall become the 
 
 
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Information  
 
NCDs of Amalgamated Company pursuant to this 
Scheme. It is clarified that the Amalgamating 
Company 1 NCDs, as on the Record Date, shall stand 
vested in or be deemed to have been vested in and 
shall be exercised by or against the Amalgamated 
Company, on the  same terms and conditions 
applicable on the Record Date, as if it was the issuer 
of such NCDs pursuant to th e Scheme . Further, in light 
of the Scheme, the Board of TMFHL has also 
approved certain consequential and factual 
amendments proposed to be made wi th respect to the 
Amalgamating Company 1 NCDs. These 
amendments are proposed to be carried out prior to 
the ‘Record Date’ of the Scheme.  
 
• Pursuant to the Scheme, the Amalgamated Company 
NCDs shall not be transferred and shall continue to be 
vested with the holders of the Amalgamated Company 
NCDs on same terms, including the coupon rate, 
tenure, redemption price, quantum, and nature of 
securi ty and ISIN . 
 
Words and expressions, used in capitalized form but not 
defined herein , shall have the meaning ascribed to them 
in the Scheme . 
6.  Brief details of 
change in 
shareholding 
pattern (if any) of 
listed entity  
 Upon  the amalgamation of TMFHL and TMFBSL  with 
TML, the entire paid -up share capital of TMFHL and 
TMFBSL  shall stand cancelled . TMFHL and TMFBSL  shall 
stand dissolved without being wound up.  
 
There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of 
TML pursuant to the Scheme coming into effect.  
 