 
 
  
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
October 9 , 2025  
Sc no. -  18794  
 
  
Dear Sir s/Madam , 
 
  
Sub:    Shareholder Communication - Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst Tata 
Motors Limited, TML Commercial Vehicles Limited and Tata Motors Passenger 
Vehicles Limited under Sections 230- 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 
 
Please find attached herewith an intimation being sent to the Shareholders of the Company on 
the captioned subject , the content  of which is  self-explanatory.  
 
This is  also being made available on the Company's website at cars .tatamotors.com . 
 
This is for your information and records . 
  
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited  
 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: a s above  
 
Regd. Office:   Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 400 001  
Tel.:  91 22 6665 8282; Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com; Website:  cars.tatamotors.com  
CIN: L28920MH1945PLC004520  
  
Dear Shareholders,  
  
Sub: Composite Scheme of Arrangement -  Effective Date, Record date and Listing of Shares  
  
We wish to inform you that the Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst Tata Motors Limited 
(“the Company” or “TML”), TML Commercial Vehicles  Limited (“TMLCV”), and Tata Motors 
Passenger Vehicles Limited (“TMPV”), along with their respective shareholders (“the Scheme”), 
as sanctioned by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”),   Mumbai Bench vide 
Orders dated August 25, 2025 and Septe mber 10, 2025, has become effective from  
October 1, 2025.  
  
The Company has fixed Tuesday, October 14, 2025, as the “Record Date”  to ascertain eligible 
shareholders of the Company who shall be issued and allotted 1 (one) share (face value of INR 2/- each fully paid up) in TMLCV, for every 1 (one) share (face value of INR 2/ - each fully paid up) 
held in TML by them as on the Record Date (as per Share Entitlement Ratio under the Scheme).   
  
In this context, we would like to bring to your attention, inter alia,  the following:  
  
a)       In terms of the Scheme, the Commercial Vehicles business undertaking of TML has been 
demerged into TMLCV and TMPV stands amalgamated with TML. The Scheme  is effective 
from October 1, 2025 and the Appointed Date is July 1, 2025.    
  
b)       TML shall continue to be a listed entity. Pursuant to the Scheme, Tata Motors Limited  shall 
change its name to Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  and shall carry on the passenger 
vehicles business including its investments in Electric Vehicle business and JLR.  
  
c)       TML Commercial Vehicles Limited shall be renamed as Tata Motors Limited.  
  
d)       On the Recor d Date, the share price of TML shall be adjusted to take into account the 
demerger of the commercial vehicles business, through a price discovery mechanism of the stock exchanges.   
  
e)       Upon finalization of the list of eligible Shareholders of TML, the shares in TMLCV shall be 
allotted and  thereafter, such shares shall be listed on the Stock Exchanges, viz.,  BSE and NSE.  
  
f)        During the period from the date of allotment of shares by TMLCV upto the date of listing on BSE & NSE thereof, the shares of TMLCV shall not be available for trading on the Stock Exchanges. The process of obtaining Listing and Trading permission generally takes 45 -60 
days from the date of filling necessary application with Stock Exchanges.  

 
 
  
g)       Guidance on ‘Cost of  Acquisition’ of equity shares in TML and equity shares in TMLCV  will be 
communicated to you in due course.  
  
We request you to treat this communication as an advance intimation. All relevant 
information/details/documents shall be communicated  to you by email in due course and the 
same shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges as well as on the website of both TML and TMLCV.  
  
Should you have any queries or require further assistance, please feel free to contact us at inv_rel@tatamotors.com ; and we will respond to you as early as possible. Thank You.    
 
For Tata Motors Limited  
  
Sd/- 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary  
ACS No. 24123  
 