 
 
1st December  2025 
To 
Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400051  
Symbol: TRENT  To 
Corporate Relations Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400001  
Scrip Code: 500251  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (‘SEBI Listing Regulations ’), 
we wish to inform  you about the  Amalgamation of the two step -down subsidiaries of the Company 
i.e. Fiora Hypermarket Limited (‘Amalgamating Company ’) with Fiora Online Limited (‘Amalgamated 
Company ’) and their respective share holders  and creditors  (‘Scheme’)  pursuant to Sections 230 to 
232 read with Section 52 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  (Act)  vide 
Order dated 17th November 2025 passed by the National  Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’), Mumbai 
bench  (‘the NCLT Order”).  
A certified copy of the NCLT Order sanctioning the above Scheme has been filed by the respective 
companies with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai (“ROC”)  today .  Accordingly, the above Scheme 
has become effective from 1st December 2025 . 
Fiora Hypermarket Limited (‘Amalgamating Company’) and Fiora Online Limited (‘Amalgamated 
Company’)  are the wholly owned subsidiary of Booker India Limited, the subsidiary of the Company.  
The details as required under Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master 
Circular dated 11th November 2024 are annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Trent Limited  
 
 
 
Krupa Anandpara  
Company Secretary  
Membership no. A16536  
 
Encl.:a/a  
Annexure  
 
 
Information to be disclosed in terms of the SEBI Disclosure Circular  
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the entity(ies) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc.;  The details of  Fiora Hypermarket Limited 
(‘Amalgamating Company ’) and Fiora Online 
Limited ( ‘Amalgamated Company ’) as on                      
31st March 2025 are as under:  
 
(Rs. In Lakh) 
Particulars  Fiora 
Hypermarket 
Limited  Fiora Online 
Limited  
Turnover  22,886.84  11,014.46  
Net worth  6,395.44  
 (1,245.72)  
 
 
2.  Whether the transaction would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length”  The transaction is between two step-down                
subsidiaries of the Company. Therefore, it is 
exempted as per Regulation 23(5)(c) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  
 
3.   Area of business of the entity(ies)  Fiora Hypermarket Limited  (“Amalgamating 
Company”)  was engaged in the retail business of 
food, grocery, fresh produce, snacks & beverages, 
beauty, home care, personal care , etc. under the 
“Star” banner and, also offered a wide range of 
apparel, footwear and more under the brand 
“Zudio".  
 
Fiora Online Limited (“Amalgamated Company”) is 
engaged in the O nline  business through 
starquik.com offering wide range of food, grocery, 
fresh produce, snacks & beverages, beauty, home 
care and personal care products, etc.  
 
4.  Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  The rationale of the Sche me is to consolidate the 
retail businesses and rationalize and simplify the 
group structure . 
5.  In case of cash consideration – amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio   The Amalgamated Company shall issue and allot 
3,044,744 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each , on a 
proportionate basis , to the shareholders of the 
Amalgamating Company.   
6.  Brief details of change in shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity  Not applicable.  The Company is not a party to the 
Scheme,  and the shareholding pattern of the 
Company remains unchanged.  
 