 
 
1st February  2026 
To 
Listing Department  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400051  
Symbol: TRENT  To 
Corporate Relations Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400001  
Scrip Code: 500251  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (‘SEBI Listing Regulations ’), 
we wish to inform  you about the  Amalgamation of the step -down subsidiar y of the Company i.e.  
THPL Support Services Limited (‘Amalgamating Company ’) with Booker India  Limited 
(‘Amalgamated Company ’) and their respective share holders  and creditors  (‘Scheme’)  pursuant to 
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  vide Order dated  
5th January 2026 passed by the National  Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’), Mumbai bench  (‘the NCLT 
Order”)  which has become effective today. i.e. 1st February  2026   
THPL Support Services Limited is wholly owned subsidiary of Booker India Limited , the subsidiary 
of the Company.   
The details as required under Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master 
Circular dated 11th November 2024 are annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Trent Limited  
 
 
 
Krupa Anandpara  
Company Secretary  
Membership no. A16536  
 
Encl.:a/a  
  
 
 
 
Annexure  
Information to be disclosed in terms of the SEBI Disclosure Circular  
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
1.  Name of the entity(ies) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief such as, size, 
turnover etc.;  The details of  THPL Support Services Limited 
(‘Amalgamating Company ’) and Booker India 
Limited  (‘Amalgamated Company ’) as on                      
31st March  2025  are as under:  
 
(Rs. In Lakh) 
Particulars  THPL Support 
Services 
Limited  Booker India 
Limited  
Turnover  4,208.09  16,445.35  
Net worth  15,269.88  45,270.78  
 
2.  Whether the transaction would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length”  The transaction is between  step-down                
subsidiar y and subsidiary  of the Company. 
Therefore, it is exempted as per Regulation 
23(5)(c) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
3.   Area of business of the entity(ies)  THPL Support Services Limited (‘Amalgamating 
Company ’) was engaged in the business of 
warehousing and other related services.  
 
Booker India  Limited (‘Amalgamated Company ’) 
operates  cash and carry stores under the Booker 
Wholesale banner. Booker Wholesale  focuses on 
categories and assortments relevant to small 
businesses which includes products in categories 
across staples, processed foods, confectionery, 
personal care, home care, soft drinks, dairy etc. 
The concept serves kirana stores, traders, 
wholesaler s, small businesses, hotels, restaurants, 
and caterers.  
 
4.  Rationale for amalgamation/ merger  The rationale of the Sche me is to rationalize and 
simplify the group structure for organizational, 
financial and operational efficiencies . 
5.  In case of cash consideration – amount or otherwise 
share exchange ratio   The Amalgamat ing Company  is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company and 
therefor e, there is no consideration . 
6.  Brief details of change in shareholding pattern (if any) of 
listed entity  Not applicable.  The Company is not a party to the 
Scheme,  and the shareholding pattern of the 
Company remains unchanged.  
 