October  01, 2026 
BSE Limited  
1st Floor,  New  Trading  Ring, 
Rotunda Bldg., P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai  400 001 
Scrip  Code:  543965  National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla  Complex,  
Bandra  (East),  Mumbai  400 051 
NSE Symbol: TVSSCS  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Intimation  under  Regulation  30 and  Regulation  51(1)  of the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Order of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, 
Bengaluru Bench sanctioning the Scheme of Amalgamation 
This is further to our intimation dated July 11, 2026 with respect to the order dated July 7, 2026 passed 
by the Hon’ble  National  Company  Law Tribunal,  Chennai  Bench  in CP(CAA)/57(CHE)/2025  sanctioning 
the Scheme of Amalgamation of  Mahogany Logistics Services Private Limited (First Transferor Company), 
TVS SCS  Global  Freight  Solutions  Limited  (Second  Transferor  Company),  White  Data  Systems  India 
Private Limited (Third Transferor Company), SPC International (India) Private Limited (Fourth Transferor 
Company)  and  Flexol  Packaging  (India)  Limited  (Fifth  Transferor  Company)  with TVS Supply  Chain 
Solutions Limited (Transferee Company / the Company) and their respective shareholders (the Scheme), 
wherein  it was,  inter  alia, informed  that the sanction  of the Hon’ble  National  Company  Law  Tribunal, 
Bengaluru Bench was awaited in respect of the Fourth Transferor Company, whose registered office is 
situated in the State of Karnataka. 
We wish  to inform you  that the Hon’ble  National  Company  Law Tribunal,  Bengaluru  Bench  has, by its 
order pronounced on September 30, 2026 in CP(CAA) 56/BB/2025, sanctioned the Scheme insofar as it 
relates to SPC International (India) Private Limited, the Fourth Transferor Company. 
The cop y of the ord er as availab le on the Nation al Compan y Law Tribun al websit e is enclos ed an d is also 
mad e availab le on the Company’s w ebsite at www.tvsscs.com. 
With the receipt of the sanction of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench and the 
Hon’ble  National  Company  Law Tribunal,  Bengaluru  Bench,  the Scheme  shall  become  effective  upon 
filing of the certified copies of the said orders with the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies by 
the respective companies, with effect from the Appointed Date . 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You, 
 Yours faithfully, 
  For TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited  
 P D Krishna Prasad  
Company Secretary  
Encl.: As above  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL, BENGALURU BENCH  
[Through Physical hearing/VC Mode (Hybrid)]  
 
ITEM No.14  
CP(CAA)  56/BB/2025  
               
       
IN THE MATTER OF:  
 
SPC International  (India) Pvt Ltd     … Petitioner  
 
 
Petition under Sec 230-232 of CA, 2013  
 
          Order delivered on: 30.09.2026  
 
CORAM:  
SHRI. SUNIL KUMAR AGGARWAL  
HON’BLE MEMBER (JUDICIAL)   
 
SHRI. RADHAKRISHNA SREEPADA  
HON’BLE MEMBER (TECHNICAL)  
 
COUNSELS PRESENT:  
For the Petitioner   : Appeared (Not marked attendance)  
 
ORDER  
 
 
C.A(CAA) No. 56/BB/20 25 is allowed by separate order .   
 
File be consigned to record .  
   
          -Sd-                                                       -Sd- 
RADHAKRISHNA SREEPADA        SUNIL KUMAR AGGARWAL   
   MEMBER (TECHNICAL)    MEMBER (JUDICIAL)  
 
Jones  
 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
  
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL , BENGALURU BENCH,  
(Hybrid  mode)  
 
C.P.(CAA) No.56/BB/2025  
U/s. 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013  
R/w Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and  
Amalgamations) Rules, 2016.  
 
IN THE MATTER OF:  
SPC International (India) Pvt. Ltd.  
Registered Office:  No.4/11, Hosur Main Road,  
Near Oxford College, Bommanahalli,  
Bengaluru – 560068.                       …Petitioner / Transferor  Company   
 
Order delivered on: 30.09.2026  
CORAM:  
          1. Shri Sunil Kumar Aggarwal , Hon’ble Member ( Judicial)  
   2. Shri Radhakrishna Sreepada , Hon’ble Member (Technical)                                                    
 
COUNSELS PRESENT:  
For the Petitioner Company   :  Shri P Chinnappa, Shri Arvind  
                                             Krishna and Mohammad R  
For the IT Dept.                    :  Shri Ganesh R Ghale  
For the ROC                         :  Shri Reddy  
 
O R D E R  
1. This second motion  petition,  is filed on 05.01.2026, praying for the 
following reliefs:  
a) Pass an Order issuing notice of the Scheme of Amalgamation in 
respect of which sanction is sought to the following authorities:  
(i) Central Government through the Office of the Regional 
Director (South East Region):  
(ii) Registrar of Companies, Bangalore, Karnataka;  
(iii)Official Liquidator attached to the Hon’ble High Court of 
Karnataka;  
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 (iv)Principal Commissioner of Income Tax (Judicial) in the 
Office of the Principal Chief Commissioner of Income Tax; 
  
b) Pass an Order sanctioning the Scheme of Amalgamation between 
Mahogany Logistics Services Private Limited, TVS SCS Global 
Freight Solutions Limited , White Data Systems India Private 
Limited, SPC International (India) Private Limited, FLEXOL 
Packaging  (India) Limited, TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited and 
their respective shareholders be sanctioned by this Hon’ble 
Tribunal so as to be binding on the aforesaid Companies along with 
their respective shareholders and creditors, and  
c) direct that the Appoin ted date of Scheme of Amalgamation be fixed 
as the 01.04.2025;  
d) Pass an order directing that the Petitioner Company be dissolved 
without being ordered to be wound up;  
e) Pass any such further or other orders, as this Hon’ble Tribunal may 
deem fit and proper in  the circumstances of the case.  
2. In the first Motion Application bearing C.A (CAA) No. 39/BB/2025 
wherein meet ings of the Equity Shareholders of the Company. Since 
there were ‘nil’  Secured Creditors and Un -Secured Creditors that no 
meeting was required to be held, vide order dated 13.10.2025 . 
3. On 06.02.2026 , the petitioner was directed to serve notices upon 
Statutory Authorities in terms of Section 230(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Rule 8  of the Companies (Companies Arrangements and 
Amalgamation) Rules, 2016 calling upon them to submit their 
responses besides issuing public notices in daily newspapers in terms 
of first motion order. On the direction being complied with, the  
Petitioner Comp any informed that no representation whatsoever is 
received within a period of 30 days and it may be presumed that no 
Authorities have no objection to the p roposed Scheme in view of Rule 
7 of the Companies Rules, 2016 .  
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 4. The main objects, dates of Incorporat ion, authorized, issued and paid -
up share capital, rationale of the scheme and interest of employees 
have been considered in the  first motion  order  dated  13.10.2025 .  
5. It is submitted that the Certificate of Statutory Auditor of the Petitioner 
Company , issued by B.P. Jayarama Iyer & CO ., Chartered 
Accountants ., vide certificate dated 22.01.2024, upon the Scheme 
becoming effective, the Company shall stand dissolved without being 
wound up, without any further act, instrument or deed as mentioned 
in Claus e 17 of the proposed Scheme. Accordingly, there is no 
accounting treatment prescribed under the Scheme which would 
impact or needs to be reflect ed in the books of the Company. Copy of 
Auditor’s Certificate is annexed and marked as Annexure – H. 
6. The audited  financial statement as on 31.0 3.202 5 of the Petitioner 
Company  and the Unaudited Financial Statement  as on  30.09.2025,  of 
the Petitioner Company , are attached  as Annexure B and C  
respectively  to the Petition . 
7. As per the Scheme, the “ Appointed Date” means 01.04.2025 .  
8. OL Report:    
Paragraph Nos. 1 to 15 are matters of record.  
In Para 16 of OL report:    It is submitted that an undertaking may 
be taken from the Petitioner Companies to pay applicable stamp duty 
and other charges to the State Government and fee s to the MCA along 
with other filings upon approval of the scheme of amalgamation by this 
Tribunal.  
Observations by Official Liquidator  
a) The Board of Directors of Transferor Company No. 4 has approved 
the scheme on 02.02.2024. The Transferor Company No. 4 vide 
their letter dated has informed that Transferor Company No. 4 has 
7 Equity Shareholders, and no Secure Creditors, Unsecured 
Creditors as on 07.03.2025.  
b) From the Financial Statem ent of the Transferor Company No . 4 for 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 the FY ending 31.03.2024 & 31.03.2 025 it is observed that the 
Company  is a going concern and has Revenue from operations to 
the extent of Rs.22,42,00,000/ - and Rs.24,13,00,000/ - 
respectively . 
c) As per the Financial Statements of the Transferor Company NO. 4 
as at 31.032025 of Rs.3,79,00,000/ - is shown towards Employee 
Benefits Expenses. As per  Part ‘ III’, Clause 7 of the Scheme : 
Staff & Employees :  
7.1  “On Part Ill of the Scheme becoming operative, all the 
executives, staff, workmen and employees in the service of the 
Transferor Companies i mmediately preceding Effective Date, 
shall become the executives, staff, workmen and employees, of 
the Transferee Company on the basis that their services shall be 
deemed to have been continuous and not have been interrupted 
by reasons of the said transfer . The terms and conditions of 
service applicable to such executives, staff, workmen and 
employees after such transfer shall not in any way be less 
favourable to them than those applicable to them immediately 
preceding the transfer. In the event of retrench ment of such 
employees? the Transferee Company shall be liable to pay 
compensation in accordance with law on the basis that the 
services of the employees shall have been continuous and shall 
not have been interrupted by reason of such transfer. ” 
d) As per Par t ‘III’, Clause 10 of the Scheme: 
Consideration/Issue of Shares:  
10. 1 . Upon coming into effect Of the Scheme and in 
consideration for transfer and vesting Of the Undertaking of the 
First Transferor Company with and into the Transferee, 
Company, the Transferee Company shall, without any further 
application or deed and withou t any further payment, issue and 
allot to all the equity shareholders of the First Transferor 
Company (whose names appear in the register of members as 
on the Record Date) in the following manner:  
3,75,02,140 fully paid -up equity shares of Re.1  each of the 
Transferee Company shall be issued and allotted as fully paid up 
to the equity shareholders of the First Transferor Company in 
proportion of their holding in the First Transferor Company . 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
  
e) As per Part '111', Clause 11 of the Scheme: Cancellation of 
Shares : 
11. 1. Since the Second Transferor Company, Third Transferor 
Company, Fourth Transferor Company and Fift h Transferor 
Company are the wholly owned subsidiaries Of the Transferee 
Company, upon the Scheme being sanctioned by the NCLT and the 
transfer  having been effected as provided hereinabove, all the 
equity shares held by the Transferee Company and its nominees 
in the above mentioned Transferor Companies shall be cancelled 
and extinguished as on the Appointed Date. Accordingly, there will 
be no iss ue and allotment of  equity shares Of the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders of the Wholly -Owned Subsidiaries 
upon this Scheme becoming effective . 
8.1.  REPLY  AFFIDAVIT TO THE OL Report : 
It is submitted that the contents of Paragraphs No. 1 to 15 are 
matters of record and require no traversal/response.  
8.1.1.  Reply to Para 16 of OL report :  It is submitted that Scheme 
provides for payment of all stamp duties, costs charges and other 
expenses by Transferor  Company No.1 and the Transferee Company  
clause 28 of the Sch eme read as follows:  
 “28. COSTS  
 All costs, charges, taxes including duties, levies, stamp duty, and 
 all other expenses, if any (save as expressly otherwise agreed) in 
 relation to the Scheme shall be borne by the First Transferor 
 Company and the Trans feree Company proportionately.”  
 
9. RD/ROC  Report  : 
Pursuant to the notice, the Regional Director (RD)  has filed report vide 
Dairy No. 6933 dated 18.06.2026  along with ROC report dated 
07.04.2026 . Based on above report the following observation has been 
pointed out by RD/ROC. 
 
4) The Transferor Company Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 5 are registered under 
jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu, Chennai and 
the Transferor Company No.4 is registered under the jurisdiction 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 of Registrar of Companies, Karnataka. The observations 
henceforth are restricted to Transferor Company No.4 only.  
5) As per the shareholders list attached to the last Annual Return 
filed as on 31.03.202 5 of the Transferor Company No. 4, TVS 
Supply Chain Solutio ns Limited (Transferee Company) , holds 
major equity shares of 99.98 % in the Transferor Company.  
Compliance of section 90 of the Act including shareholding of the 
holding companies and filing of BEN -1 AND BEN -2 is required to 
be shown. In case of non -compliance, adjudication is to be got 
done by the Company.  
6) As per Clause 3.3 of Part II of the scheme, the Appointed date is 
01.04.2023. Since this appointed date is ante -dated beyond a 
year, justification for the same is to be provided and it is to be 
ensured that it should not be against the public interest. Further 
as per Company  Master Data Transferor  Company No.4  
(Petitioner Company) has filed its due Annual Return and Balance 
sheet for the year ended 31.03.2025. The Hon’ble Tribunal may 
be pleased to direct the Petitioner Company to amend the clause 
regarding the appointed date wherever applicable in the proposed 
scheme and to serve the copy of the amended scheme duly signed 
by the directors of the Company to at the Regulatory Authorities 
before the scheme is allowed.  
7) As per Clause 11.1 of Part III of the Scheme, the Transferor 
Company No. 4 being the wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Transferee Company upon scheme being sanctioned by the NCLT 
and Transfer having been effected as provided hereinabove, all 
the equity shares held by the Transferee Company and its 
nominees in the above mentioned  Transferor Company No. 4 shall 
be cancelled and extinguished as on appointed date. Accordingly, 
there shall be no issue and allotment of Equity Shares of the 
Transferee Company to the shareholders of the Wholly -Owned 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 Subsidiaries upon this scheme becomin g effective, hence it may 
amount to Capital Reduction under Section 66 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, for which Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to direct 
the Petitioner Company to comply with the provisions of Section 
66 of the Companies Act, 2013, before the  scheme is allowed.  
8) The Scheme does not provide for Clubbing of Authorized Share Capital 
This term Scheme is not in line with the provisions of Section 232(3)(1) 
of the Companies Act. 2013 this regard, the Transferee Company shall 
comply with the provision s of the Section and pay the difference of fee, 
after setting off the fee already paid by the Transferor Company on its 
respective capital . 
9) As per Note No.38 of the Financial Statements for the year ending 
31.03.2025, the Transferor Company No. 4 have undis puted statutory 
due to the tune of 0.58 crores. The Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to 
direct the Petitioner Company to furnish an undertaking to Hon'ble 
settle the statutory dues immediately, if not settled so far . 
10) As per Note no 35 of the Audited Financi al Statements year ending 
31.03.2025, Transferor Company No.4 has total outstanding dues to 
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises to direct the Petitioner the tune 
of Rs. 0.33 crores. The Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to how it has 
complied with Micro, Sma ll and Medium Enterprises Development Act. 
2006 and to furnish an undertaking to the Hon'ble NCLT to the effect 
that they will settle the dues as per the said Act immediately, if not 
settled so far.  
11) As per the Financial Statements for the year ending 31.03.2025, the 
Transferor Company No. 4 do have Foreign Exchange Transactions 
The Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to direct the Petitioner 
Transferor Company No. 4 to submit the relevant approvals and 
compliances made under FEMA/ RBI regulations before th e Scheme 
is allowed.  
12) As per Clause 7.1 of Part III of the Scheme, all employees of the 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 Transferor Company shall be absorbed into the Transferee Company. 
The Petitioner Companies are required to explain before the Tribunal 
as to what measures are being take n to safeguard the interests of 
the Transferor Company and steps taken fo r implementation of this 
Clause.  Further as the  registered office of the Transferor Company 
No. 4 is in the State of Ka rnataka and the registered office of the 
Petitioner Transferor C ompany No. 1, 2, 3, 5 & Transferee Company 
are situated in the State of Tamil Nadu. The Petitioner Transferor 
Company No. 4 is required to explain before the Hon'ble Tribunal as 
to what measures interests of the employees of the Transferor 
Company and step s taken for implementation of this Clause . 
13) The object clauses of the Transferee Company need to be suitably 
altered so  as to enable  it to carry out the objects carried out by the 
Transferor Companies post sanction of the Scheme by complying with 
the applic able provisions of the Companies Act. 2013 and also by 
filing relevant e -forms . 
14) The Accounting Treatment as mentioned in the Scheme should be as 
per the prescribed Accounting Treatment in the Companies Act, 2013 
and the applicable Accounting Standards issu ed from time to time . 
15) The Petitioner Companies are required to comply with the provisions 
of Section 239 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
preservation of books and papers of Amalgamated Company. The 
Hon'ble Tribunal may be pleased to direct the Petitioner Companies 
to furnish an undertaking in this regard.  
16) As per Section 240 of the Companies Act, 2013, the liability in respect 
of offences committed under the Companies Act by the Officers in 
default, of the Transferor Company to merger, amalgamati on or 
acquisition shall continue after such merger, amalgamation, or 
acquisition.  
17) Further it is submitted that, there are no open Complaints, no 
prosecution, Technical Scrutiny/Inquiry, Inspection and Investigation 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 pending in this office (ROC) against the Transferor Company No.4.  
 
9.1.  REPLY AFFIDAVIT TO THE RD/ROC :  
The Petitioner Company has filed its report vide Diary No. 7971 and 
dated 05.08.2026.  
Re: Paragraph No. 1 to 4 : The statements contained in Paragraph 
No. 1 to 4 are matters on record and  do not require a specific 
response / traversal.  
Re: Paragraph No. 5 : It has been observed that compliance of 
Section 90 of the Companies Act, 2013 and filing of BEN -1 and BEN -
2 is required to be shown. It is stated  that there is compliance of the 
aforesaid requirements; the filed form(s) and the receipt obtained 
from the MCA in this regard are produced as Document No. 1 
(colly ). 
 
Re: Paragraph No. 6 : It has been observed that that as per Clause 
3.3 of Part Il of the Scheme, the Appointed Date is 01.04.2023, and 
that since the appointed date is antedated beyond a year, justification 
for the same is to be provided and it is to be ensured that it is not 
against public interest. It is also observed that the Petitioner  
Company may be directed to amend the clause regarding the 
appointed date wherever applicable in the proposed scheme and the 
serve a copy of the amended scheme to all regulatory authorities 
before the Scheme is sanctioned.  
In this regard, it is  stated that the Board of Directors of the Second, 
Third, Fourth and Fifth Transferor Companies approved the Scheme 
of Amalgamation in their respective meetings held on 02.02.2024. 
The First Transferor and the Transferee Companies approved the 
same in their respective  meetings on 02.02.2024. Since the 
Transferee Company is a listed entity, an application was filed 
pursuant to Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, for obtaining a letter of 
‘no-objection’ from the BSE and the NSE. It is stated  that such 
applications were made before the BSE on 23.02.2024 and before the 
NSE on 26.02.2024. The process of approval took longer than 
anticipated, and final approval was obtained from the BSE on 
01.01.2025 and from the NSE on 28.02.2025. Consequently, stated  
that the time period between the Appointed Date and the filing date 
of the Scheme before this Hon’ble Tribunal exceeded one year. I t is 
stated that the above explanation was also provided in an Appendix 
to the Scheme of Amalgamation provided in accordance with General 
Circular No. 9/2019 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs in 
order to provide justification for the Appointed Date being beyond a 
year from the date of filing of the Scheme with this Hon’ble Tribunal. 
For ease of reference, a copy of the aforesaid Appendix is produced 
herewith as Document No. 2. As per Para 6(c) of the General Circular 
No. 9/2019 (“General Circular’) is extracted hereunder for ease of 
reference:  
 “where the ‘appointed date’ is chosen as  a specific calendar date, 
 it may precede  the date of filing of the application for scheme of 
 merger/amalgamation in NCLT. However, if the appointed date is 
 significantly ante -dated beyond a year from the date of filing, the 
 justification  for the same would have to be specifically brought out 
 in the scheme and it should not be against public interest”.  
 
A copy of the General Circular No.9/2019 is produced as Document 
No.3. 
As aforesaid, the necessary justification has been provided in the  
Appendix to the Scheme of Amalgamation. It is further stated that 
the ante -dating of the Appointed date is not against the public 
interest. The concerned statutory authorities have also not made any 
observations that the ante -dating of the Appointed date would 
adversely after the public interest.  
It may also be relevant to note that the Hon’ble National Company 
Law Tribunal, Chennai (“Hon’ble Chennai Bench”), granted sanction 
to the Scheme of Amalgamation in a Petition filed by the First, 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 Second, Third and  Fifth Transferor Companies along with the 
Transferee Companies with the Appointed Date of 01.04.2023. The 
Hon’ble Chennai Bench observed that the ante -dating of the 
Appointed Date was justified in terms of the General Circular and that 
none of the statuto ry authorities had placed anything before it to 
demonstrate that the ante -dated Appointed Date was against public 
interest. A copy of the Order dated 0 7.07.2026 passed in CP(CAA) 
No.57(CHE)2025 in CA(CAA)/31/CHE/2025 is produced as 
Document No. 4.  
 
In view  of the above, Petitioner Company was advised to state that 
an amendment to the clause regarding the Appointed Date would not 
necessary.  
Re: Paragraph No. 7:  It has been observed that under the Scheme, 
the Petitioner Company, being a wholly -owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company, would have all its equity shares cancelled and 
extinguished as on the Appointed Date and that as there is no issue 
and allotment  of equity shares of the Transferee Company to the 
shareholders of its wholly -owned subsidiaries, it may amount to 
capital reduction under Section 66 of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
has therefore observed that the Petitioner may be directed to comply 
with the provisions of Section 66 of the Companies Act, 2013, before 
the Scheme is allowed.  
It is stated  that in the present case, the cancellation of shares arises 
by operation of law in the amalgamation process and constitutes a 
statutory consequence of the merger. It is stated  that there will be 
no issue and allotment of equity shares of the Transferee Co mpany 
to the shareholders of its wholly -owned subsidiaries upon this 
Scheme becoming effective. Further, the Petitioner Company was 
advised to state  that this would not amount to capital reduction as 
per Section 66 of the Companies Act as the cancellation of shares is 
solely for the purpose of the merger in accordance with the Scheme. 
Further, the Petitioner Company was advised to state that Section 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 230 of the Companies Act itself provides that the provisions of Section 
66 of the Companies Act would not app ly to reduction of share capital 
effected pursuant to an Order passed by the Tribunal under Section 
230. The Explanation to Section 230 reads as follows:  
  
 “Explanation. —For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared 
 that the provisions of section 66 s hall not apply to the reduction 
 of share capital effected in pursuance of the order of the Tribunal 
 under this section.”  
 
In this regard, the Petitioner Company was advised to state that the 
Hon’ble National Company Law Appellate Tribunal, Principal Bench, 
vide Order dated 03.09.2025 passed in Company Appeal (AT) 
No.169/2025 (in the matter of Rock and Storm Bottlers Pvt. Ltd. and 
Anr.) held as follows:  
 
 “ 11. It is clear from  a bare reading of Section 230 that the 
compliances of 6 of the Companie s Act are not required while seeking 
approval of the S cheme under  Section 230 of the Companies Ac t… 
 
13. Sections 230 -232 of the 2013 Act from a complete code for 
composite schemes, allowing all incidental acts including capital 
reduction to be approved o ne petition, without separate compliance 
under other provisions like Section 66. This principle, was affirmed in 
Re: Elitecore Technologies (P.) Ltd. (2013) 16 Comp. Cas 297) and 
R Systems International Ltd. Company Appeal (AT) No.416 of 2017. 
The Scheme e nunciates the rationale for the arrangement of the 
Appellants which was not taken into consideration by the Ld. NCLT”  
  
                                                                    (emphasis supplied)  
In view of the above,  it is submitted t hat the separate compliance 
under Section 66 of the Companies Act would not be required.  
Re: Paragraph No. 8 : The RD observes that the Scheme does not 
provide for clubbing of authorised share capital and is therefore not 
in line with Section 232(3)(i) of the Companies Act, and has further 
observed that the Transferee Company shall comply with the 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 provisions of the Section and pay the difference of fee, after setting 
off the fee already paid by the Transferor Company on its respective 
capital.  
It is stated that Section 232(3)(i) is a beneficial / enabling provision 
that provides the right to set off to the Transfer ee Company provides 
that where the Transferor Company is dissolved, the fee, if any, paid 
by the Transferor Company on its authorised capital shal l be set -off 
against any fees payable by the Transferee Company on its 
authorised capital subsequent to amalgamation. Further advised to 
state that the right to set off under Section 232(3)(i) is a statutory 
right available to the Transferee Company and th ere is no 
requirement for the Transferee Company to undertake compliance of 
the same. As such, such right can be exercised even in the absence 
of any such undertaking under Section 232(3)(i).  
However state that in the present case, the Companies have 
consc iously decided not to merge the authorised share capital and 
the Scheme therefore does not provide for the same. It is  stated that 
the Transferor Company  No.4 is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company and, consequently, no fresh shares are 
proposed to be issued pursuant to its amalgamation. | further state 
that the authorised share capital of the Transferee Company is 
sufficient to accommodate issuance of fresh shares to the 
shareholders of the First Transferor Company as contemplated under 
the Scheme, and as such, the need to increase d the authorised share 
capital of the Transferee Company is obviated. | am advised to state 
without prejudice that nothing in Section 232(3)(i) requires or 
mandates the clubbing of authorised share capital.  
Re: Paragraph No. 9 : It is noted that as per the Petitioner’s financial 
statements for the year ending 31.03.2025, there were undisputed 
statutory dues to the tune of Rs.58 lakhs. The RD report therefore 
calls for an undertaking to be furnished by the Petitioner Company to 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 satisfy statutory dues immediately, if not settled so far.  
In this regard, it is stated that all statutory  dues of the Petitioner 
Company have stood discharged within their respective due dates as 
follows:  
 18.1.1, GST — by 18.04.2025 ;  
 18.1.2. Provident Fund by 11.04.2025;  
 18.1.3 Professional Tax – by 18.04.2025;  
 18.1.4 TDS Tax withheld – by 29.04.2025 ; 
 18.1.5 Employee State Insurance – by 09.04.2025  
 
 Copies of proof of payments of the aforesaid dues is produced as 
 Document No.5  (colly)  
In view of the above,  it is submitted that dues mentioned in the RD 
report have been discharged and no undertaking would be required 
in this regard.  
Re: Paragraph No. 10 :  It is noted that as per the Audited Financial 
Statements, the Petitioner Company had total outstanding dues to 
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises to the tune of INR 33 lakhs, and 
consequently, a direction has been sought to the Petitioner Company 
to furnish an undertaking to settle the aforesaid dues immediately, if 
not alread y done.  
In view of the above,  it is submitted that all dues to MEME s were 
paid within their respective due dates, within an outer limited of 45 
days where the respective contract provided for such period. 
Therefore, no undertakings are required in this re gard.  
Re: Paragraph No. 11:  It is stated  that all Foreign Exchange 
transactions were made in full compliance with FEMA / RBI 
regulations. All outward remittances were made with extant law and 
after imports, bill of entries have been submitted to the conce rned 
bank within due dates. For all inward remittance which are export 
realisation, the necessary FEMA undertakings were submitted to the 
bank, and it is only upon which remittances are credited to the 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 account of the Petitioner Company.  
Re: Paragraph No. 1 2: The Report calls for explanation as to what 
measures are taken to safeguard the interests of the Transferor 
Company and the steps taken for implementation of Clause 7.1 of the 
Scheme.  
In this regard, it is stated  that Clause 7 of the Scheme expressly 
provides that all employees of the Transferor Companies who are in 
service on the Effective Date shall become employees of the 
Transferee Company without any interruption in service and on terms 
no less favourable than thos e existing prior to amalgamation. 
Consequently, employees who are in service as on the Effective Date 
would naturally include employees who were in service as on the 
Appointed Date, unless they have ceased employment in the ordinary 
course due to resignati on, retirement, termination, or any other 
lawful reason. Therefore, no separate undertaking is warranted from 
the Petitioner Company in relation to retrenchment of employees as 
on the Appointed Date, as the Scheme itself comprehensively 
safeguards continui ty of employment upon the Scheme becoming 
effective.  Further it is advised to state that Clause 7 of the Scheme 
protects the rights of employees who were in service on the 
Appointed date, unless they have ceased employment in the ordinary 
course, and such  employees shall become employees of the 
Transferee Company without any interruption in service and on terms 
no less favourable than those existing prior to amalgamation.  
Re: Paragraph No. 13 : It is noted that the object clauses of the 
Transferee Company n eed to be suitably altered to enable it to carry 
out the objections carried out by the Transferor Companies post 
sanction of the Scheme by complying with the applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act. In this regard, it is stated  that the Transferee 
Compa ny shall carry on the business of the Petitioner Company. The 
said activities are duly covered in the Memorandum of Association of 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 the Transferee Company, which enables it to undertake and continue 
such business activities.  
Re: Paragraph No. 14 : It is obse rved that the Accounting 
Treatment mentioned in the Scheme should be as per the prescribed 
Accounting Treatment in the Companies Act, 2013, and the applicable 
Accounting Standards issued from time to time. It is stated  that the 
auditors of the Petitioner Company have provided their certificate 
confirming that the accounting treatment proposed in the Scheme of 
Amalgamation is in conformity with the Accounting Standards 
prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the 
same has been produced as Annexure ‘H’ to the Second Motion 
Petition. It is stated  that no assertion has been made that the 
Accounting Treatment is contrary to any specific provision of the 
applicable accounting standards.  
Re: Paragraph No. 15 : It has been requested that this Hon’ble 
Tribunal be pleased to direct the Petitioner Companies to furnish an 
undertaking to comply with Section 239 of the Companies Act and 
preserve books and papers of the amalgamated Company. In this 
regard, the Petitioner C ompany undertaken  to preserve books and 
papers of the Petitioner Company for the prescribed period of 8 years 
or as may be required under the law for the time being in force.  
Re: Paragraph No. 16 : This paragraph is a restatement of the law 
contained in Section 240 of the Companies Act, 2013, and no specific 
traversal or reply is called for.  
Re: Paragraph No. 17 : It is observed that the OL Report has been 
filed and that necessary undertakings may b e provided. It is 
submitted that the response to the OL Report has been filed by way 
of a separate affidavit.  
In view of the above, the Petitioner Company prays that this Hon’ble 
Tribunal be pleased to pass an Order sanctioning the Scheme of 
Amalgamation b etween Mahogany Logistics Services Private Limited, 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 TVS SCS Global Freight Solutions Limited White Data Systems India 
Private Limited, SPC International (India) Private Limited, FLEXOL 
Packaging (India) Limited, TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited and 
their respective shareholders be Sanctioned by this Tribunal so as to 
be binding on the aforesaid Companies along with their respective  
shareholders and creditors.  
10. REPORT  OF THE INCOME TAX DEPARTMENT : 
The Income Tax Department has filed its report vide Diary No.1496 and 
dated 26.03.2026 . The points in respect of M/s. SPC International 
(India)  Private Limited ( AACCE1126C ) stating that  
a.  
a. There are no Proceedings Pending  
b. There is no Demand existing.  
c. There are no Losses to be carried forward . 
 
11. Heard the Learned Counsel for the Petitioner Company and Learned 
Counsels appeari ng for the RD/ROC , OL and I.T Department.  
12. The reports of the RD/ROC , OL and I.T Department  are taken on 
record. Similarly, replies filed by the Petitioner Company to the above 
mentioned reports are also taken on record. In view of the above 
discussion, it is observed that the objections/observations to the 
Scheme received from RD/ROC , OL and I.T Department have been 
adequately replied by the Petitioner Company and h ence there is no 
impediment in approval of the Scheme.  
 
13. Hence, the Scheme of Amalgamation  is approved with the appointed 
date being 01.04.202 5 and thus we hereby declare that the same is 
binding on all the shareholders and creditors  of the Petitioner 
Company . While approving the Scheme, it is clarified that this order 
shall not be construed as an order in any way granting exemption from 
payment of stamp duty, taxes or any other charges, if any, payable in 
accordance with law, or in respect of any permi ssion/compliance with 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
 any other requirement which may be specifically required under any 
law. With the sanction of the Scheme , the Petitioner 
Company/Transferor Company  shall stand dissolved without being 
wound up, without any further act or deed.  
AND THIS  TRIBUNAL DOES FURTHER ORDER:  
(i) That the Petitioner Company do, within 30 days after the date of 
receipt of this Order, cause a certified copy of this Order to be 
delivered to the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka for 
registration. The concerned Registrar of  Companies shall place all 
documents relating to the Transferor Company registered with 
him on the file relating to the Petitioner  Company registered with 
him on the file relating to the said Petitioner Company and the 
files relating to Petitioner Company  shall be consolidated 
accordingly, as the case may be; and  
(ii) The Petitioner Company is  directed to ensure compliance to the 
provisions of Section 170A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 within the 
stipulated period of time.  
(iii) The Petitioner Company is directed to Comply with provisions of 
TDS on the amounts being paid out and also comply with the 
provisions relating to FEMA in case of any outgoing amounts being 
paid to persons residing outside the Country.  
(iv) That any person interested shall be at liberty to apply thi s Tribunal 
in the above matter for any directions that may be necessary.  
(v) The approval/sanctioning of the Scheme shall not be construed as 
an exemption from any of the provisions under the Income Tax 
Act, 1961 or the Companies Act,2013 and that the authorit ies 
under both the Acts, are at liberty to take appropriate action, in 
accordance with law, if so advised.  
(vi) The Petitioner Company have given various undertaking in 
response to observations made in ROC/R D, IT Department  & OL 
reports. They are directed to e nsure compliance of the same.  
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
C.P.(CAA) No. 56/BB/ 2025  
 
  
14. Registry to issue formal Orders in Form No. CAA -7 of Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, on 
the Transferee Company filing Schedule of the Properties  i.e.,  
(i) freehold  property of the Transferor Company and  
(ii) leasehold property of the Transferor Company by way of 
affidavit of the Transferor Company respectively.  
 
15. In the result, C.P. (CAA) No. 56/BB/2025  is disposed of.   
16. Copy of this Order be provided to the Petitioner Company through their 
Counsel.  
 
          -Sd-                                                       -Sd- 
RADHAKRISHNA SREEPADA               SUNIL KUMAR AGGARWAL  
   MEMBER (TECHNICAL)                         MEMBER (JUDICIAL)      