UPL Limited , Uniphos House,  
C.D. Marg, 11th Road, Madhu Park, 
Khar (West), Mumbai –  400052, 
India  
 
w: www.upl -ltd.com  
e: contact@upl -ltd.com  
t: +91 22 6856 8000  
 
Registered Office: 3- 11, GIDC, Vapi , Valsad - 396 195, Gujarat, India. P +91 260 2432716  CIN: L24219GJ1985PLC025132 
 
 
   July 29, 2026  
 
BSE Limited  
Mumbai  
 
SCRIP CODE – 512070  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Mumbai  
 
SYMBOL: UPL  
 
Sub.: Intimation regarding r eceipt of Observation  Letter s from BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) in relation to Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst the 
Company  (“UPL 1”) , UPL Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited  (“UPL SAS”) , UPL Global Sustainable Agri 
Solutions Limited (“UPL 2”), UPL Crop Protection Holdings Limited (“UPL Cayman 1”), and their respective shareholders, under Sections 230 to 232, 234 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Scheme”)   
 Ref: Disclosure pursuant to  Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and 37 and other applicable provisions 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
and SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD -2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation of our earlier intimation dated February 20, 2026 it was inform ed that  the Board of Directors of 
the Company had approv ed the Scheme subject to receipt of necessary regulatory and other approvals, as may 
be required.   
 The Company, thereafter, filed an application with BSE and NSE, respectively, under Regulations 37 of the Listing 
Regulations on February 27, 2026, seeking their Observation / No objection to the proposed Scheme.  
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that the Company has received separate l etters with “no adverse 
observations”  from BSE and “No Objection” from NSE dated July 29, 2026, in relation to the Scheme.  
 
The copies  of the said letter s received from BSE and NSE are enclosed and are being hosted on the Company’s 
website at https://www.upl -ltd.com/investors/shareholder -center/scheme- of-arrangement .   
 The Scheme remains subject to receipt of other applicable regulatory approvals.  
 You are requested to kindly take the above information on record.  
  
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 For UPL Limited  
 
 
 
Sandeep Deshmukh  
Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer  
(ACS -10946)  
 
Encl.: As above  
Cc.: 1. London Stock Exchange  
       2. Singapore Stock Exchange  
       3. NSE IX  
V· DCS/ AMAL/RD/R37 /175/2026-27 
To, 
The Company Secretary, 
UPL Limited 
3-11, GIDC, Vapi, Dist. Valsad, 
Vapi, Gujarat- 396 195. 
Dear Sir/Madam , 
Sub: Composite Scheme of Arrangem ent by UPL Limited SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
July 29, 2026 
We refer to your application for scheme of arrangement amongst UPL Sustainable Agri Solutions 
Limited ("Amalgamating Company 1 "), UPL Limited ("Company" or "Demerged Company" or 
"Amalgamated Company 1 "), UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited ("Resulting 
Company" or "Amalgamated Company 2"), UPL Crop Protection Holdings Limited 
("Amalgamating Company 2") and their respective shareholders under Section 230-232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 filed with the Exchange under Regulation 
37 and 94(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. 
In this regard, SEBI vide its Letter dated July 29, 2026, has inter alia given the following 
comment(s) on the said draft scheme of Arrangement: -
1. "The entity shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, 
against itself, its promoters and directors, before Hon'ble NCLTand shareholders, while 
seeking approval of the scheme." 
2. "The entity shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by it after filing the 
Scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed entity and the stock exchanges." 
3. "The entity shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time." 
4. "The entities involved in the Scheme shall duly comply with various provisions of the 
Circular and ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the 
Transferee Company ." 
5. "The entity is advised that the information pertaining to all the Unlisted Companies 
involved, if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged 
prospectus as provided in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, 2018, in the 
explanatory statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, 
which is sent to the shareholders for seeking approval." 
6. "The entity shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials 
considered for valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old." 
Page 1 of 5 
Registered Office: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 I E: corp.comm@bse india.com 
www.bse india.com I Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188 
Q9 SSE"' 
The Power of Vibrance 
7. "The entity is advised that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the entity to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice 
sent to the Shareholders." 
8. "Both the entities are advised to disclose the following as a part of explanatory 
statement or notice or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded 
by the company to the shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 -
V· a) Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to be Valuation Report (if any) issued 
by Registered Valuer. 
b) Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification for 
growth rate considered for valuation. 
c) Need for the merger/demerger, Rationale of the scheme, Synergies of business of 
the entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the minority 
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme. 
d) Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme 
for last 3 years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the 
entities involved in the scheme. 
e) Value of Assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies/ Demerged Company that 
are being transferred to Transferee company/ Resulting company and post-merger 
balance of sheet of Transferee Company . 
f) Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme, its 
promoters I directors/ KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders . 
g) Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee 
Company to the shareholders. 
h) Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of 
the entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders. 
i) Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders 
along with the impact of same on the scheme. 
j) Details of shareholders of Transferor/ demerged companies and their 
classification as Promoters and Public shareholders in Transferee Company, post 
scheme: 
Name of Shares held in Share Shares being Classificatio Detailed 
the Transferor/ Exchan allotted in n in Justificati 
sharehol Demerged ge Transferee/Res Transferee/R on for 
der Company Ratio ulting esulting classifica 
Company . Company tion 
(Promoter/Pu 
blic) 
Public Shareholders 
Page 2 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
k) Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from 
the date of NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same 
also to be disclosed in the explanatory statement. 
9. "The entity is advised that the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the 
"Scheme" shall mandatorily be in demat form only." 
10. "The entity is advised that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document." 
11. "No changes to the Draft Scheme except those mandated by the regulators/ authorities 
/ tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI." 
12. "The entity is advised that the observations of SEBI / Stock exchanges shall be 
incorporated in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the entity is obliged to bring the 
observations to the notice of NCLT." 
13. "The entity is advised to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the 
creditors for the proposed scheme." 
14. "The listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall disclose the No-Objection 
letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of receiving the same." 
15. "It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after 
processing and communication of comments / observations on draft scheme by 
SE Bl/stock exchange. Hence, the entity is not required to send notice for representation 
as mandated under section 230(5) of Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its 
comments I observations/ representations." 
16. "Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the 
Circular to SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been 
cleared by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness 
of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in 
the documents submitted ." 
Accordingly, based on aforesaid comment offered by SEBI, the Company is hereby advised: 
To provide additional information, if any, (as stated above) along with various documents 
to the Exchange for further dissemination on Exchange website. 
To ensure that additional information, if any, (as stated aforesaid) along with various 
documents are disseminated on their (company) website. 
To duly comply with various provisions of the circulars. 
In light of the above, we hereby advise that we have no adverse observations with limited 
reference to those matters having a bearing on listing/de-listing/continuous listing requirements 
within the provisions of Listing Agreement, so as to enable the company to file the scheme with 
Hon'ble NCLT. 
Page 3 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
Please note that the submission of documents/ information, in accordance with the circular to 
SEBI / Exchange should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared 
or approved by SEBI / Exchange. SEBI / Exchange does not take any responsibility either for the 
financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the document submitted. 
Further, where applicable in the explanatory statement of the notice to be sent by the Company 
to the shareholders, while seeking approval of the scheme, it shall disclose Information about 
unlisted companies involved in the format prescribed for abridged prospectus as specified in the 
circular dated June 20, 2023. 
However, the listing of equity shares of UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited shall be 
subject to SEBI granting relaxation under Rule 19(2)(b) of the Securities Contract (Regulation) 
Rules, 1957 and compliance with the requirements of SEBI circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. Further, UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited 
shall comply with SEBI Act, Rules, Regulations, directions of the SEBI and any other statutory 
authority and Rules, Byelaws, and Regulations of the Exchange. The Companies shall fulfil the 
Exchange's criteria for listing the securities of such Companies and also comply with other 
applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of UPL Global Sustainable Agri 
Solutions Limited is at the discretion of the Exchange. In addition to the above, the listing of UPL 
Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement shall be 
subject to SEBI approval and the Company satisfying the following conditions: 
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited in line with the disclosure requirements applicable for 
public issues with BSE, for making the same available to the public through the website 
of the Exchange. Further, the Companies are also advised to make the same available to 
the public through its website. 
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all details of UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited in line with the details required as per the aforesaid 
SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. The 
advertisement should draw a specific reference to the aforesaid Information 
Memorandum available on the website of the company as well as BSE. 
3. To disclose all the material information about of UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions 
Limited on a continuous basis so as to make the same public, in addition to the 
requirements if any, specified in Listing Agreement for disclosures about the 
subsidiaries. 
4. The following provisions shall be incorporated in the scheme: 
• "The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depository 
system till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange." 
• "There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern of UPL Global Sustainable Agri 
Solutions Limited between the record date and the listing which may affect the 
~ status of this approval." 
Page 4 of 5 
SSE 
The Power of Vibrance 
Further you are also advised to bring the contents of this letter to the notice of your shareholders, 
all relevant authorities as deemed fit, and also in your application for approval of the scheme of 
Arrangement. 
Kindly note that as required under Regulation 37(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the validity of this Observation Letter shall be Six Months 
from the date of this Letter, within which the scheme shall be submitted to the NCLT. 
The Exchange reserves its right to withdraw its 'No adverse observation' at any stage if the 
information submitted to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect I misleading/ false 
or for any contravention of Rules, Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Agreement, 
Guidelines/Regulations issued by statutory authorities. 
Please note that the aforesaid observations do not preclude the Company from complying with 
any other requirements. 
Further, it may be noted that with reference to Section 230 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), 
read with Rule 8 of Companies (Compromises , Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules 2016 
(Company Rules) and Section 66 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Company Rules wherein 
pursuant to an Order passed by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, a Notice of the 
proposed scheme of compromise or arrangement filed under sections 230-232 or Section 66 
of the Companies Act 2013 as the case may be is required to be served upon the Exchang~ 
seeking representations or objections if any. 
In this regard, with a view to have a better transparency in processing the aforesaid notices 
served upon the Exchange, the Exchange has already introduced an online system of 
serving such Notice along with the relevant documents of the pLoposed schemes through 
the BSE Listing Centre. 
Any service of notice under Section 230 (5) or Section 66 of the Companies Act 2013 seeking 
Exchange's representations or objections if any, would be accepted and processed through 
the Listing Centre only and no physical filings would be accepted. You may please refer to 
circular dated February 26, 2019, issued to the company. 
Yours faithfully, 
Janardhan Wagle 
Deputy Vice President Deputy Manager 
Page 5 of 5 
Non-ConfidentialRef: NSE/LIST/ 53803                    July 29, 2026
The Company Secretary
UPL Limited
                                
Dear Sir /Madam,
Sub: Observation Letter for Draft Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst UPL 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited (Amalgamating Company 1/ UPL SAS), UPL Limited 
("Company" or "Demerged Company" or Amalgamated Company 1/ UPL 1), UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited (Formerly UPL Agri Science Limited) (Resulting Company 
or Amalgamated Company 2/UPL 2), UPL Crop Protection Holdings Limited (Amalgamating 
Company 2/ UPL Cayman) and their respective shareholders, under Sections 230-232, 234 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
We are in receipt of the captioned draft scheme filed by UPL Limited.
Based on our letter reference no. NSE/LIST/53803 dated June 03, 2026,submitted to SEBI pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No - SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023, and
Regulation 94(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
SEBI vide its letter dated July 29, 2026, has inter alia given the following comment(s) on the draft 
scheme of arrangement: 
a) The Company shall ensure that it discloses all details of ongoing adjudication & recovery 
proceedings, prosecution initiated and all other enforcement action taken, if any, against the approval of the scheme.
b) The Company shall ensure that additional information, if any, submitted by the Company after 
filing the scheme with the stock exchange, from the date of receipt of this letter, is displayed on 
the websites of the listed company and the stock exchanges.
c) The Company shall ensure compliance with the SEBI circulars issued from time to time.
d) The entities involved in the Schemeshall duly comply with various provisions of the Circular and 
ensure that all the liabilities of Transferor Company are transferred to the Transferee Company.
e) The Company shall ensure that the informationpertaining to all the Unlisted Companies involved, 
if any, in the scheme shall be included in the format specified for abridged prospectus as provided 
in Part E of Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations. 2018, in the explanatory statement or notice 
or proposal accompanying resolution to be passed, which is sent to the shareholders for seeking 
approval.NSE M NiftySO 
Company, its promoters and directors, before Hon 'ble NCLT and shareholders, while seeking 
Nat @l)j!l Stmck Exe , te of India IL' m1ted, I Exc:hanse !Plaza. C-1, 81,nd G. Band~ 
Iml1a+Ljll 22.26Ji9ITT.OO I wwwc1t8i:!iooia. c:@ITT I CJiN, U6'?120MH19 1l2Pt.C0.69'76.Ljl This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Khyati Vidwans 
Date: Wed, Jul 29, 2026 16:56:02 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53803                                  July 29, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidentialf) The Company shall ensure that the financials in the scheme including financials considered for 
valuation report are not for period more than 6 months old.
g) The Company shall ensure that the details of the proposed scheme under consideration as 
provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange shall be prominently disclosed in the notice sent 
to the Shareholders.
h) The Companies shall disclose the following as a part of explanatory statement or notice or 
proposal accompanying resolution to be passed to be forwarded by the company to the 
shareholders while seeking approval u/s 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013 
1. Valuation Report and Addendum/clarification to the Valuation Report (if any) issued by 
Registered Valuer.
2. Projections considered for valuation of entities involved along with justification forgrowth 
rate considered for valuation.
3. Need for the merger/demerger, Rationale of the scheme and swap ratio, Synergies of
business of the entities involved in the scheme, Impact of the scheme on the minority
shareholders and cost benefit analysis of the scheme.
4. Details of Revenue, PAT and EBIDTA of all the companies involved in the Scheme for last 
3 years along with Audited financials for the last three years of all the entities involved in 
the scheme.
5. Value of Assets and liabilities of Transferor Companies/Demerged Company that are being 
transferred to Transferee company/ Resulting company and post-merger balance sheet of 
Transferee Company.
6. Disclose all pending actions against the entities involved in the scheme its 
promoters/directors/KMPs and possible impact of the same on the Transferee Company to 
the shareholders.
7. Undertaking with respect to the association of the promoter and promoter group of the 
entities involved in the scheme with the public shareholders.
8. Conditions imposed by lenders, if any, may be disclosed to the public shareholders along 
with the impact of same on the scheme.
9. Details of shareholders of Transferor/ demerged companies and their classification as 
Promoters and Public shareholders in Transferee Company, post scheme:
Name of the 
shareholderShares held in 
Transferor/Demerged 
CompanyShare 
Exchange 
RatioShares being 
allotted in 
transferee/ 
resulting Company
(If not, reasons for 
the same)Classification in 
Transferee/ 
Resulting 
Company 
(Promoter/Public)Detailed 
justification 
for 
classification
Promoter and Promoter group
Public Shareholderss 
I 
This Document 
NSE is Digitally Signed 
Signed by: Khyati Vidwans 
Date: Wed, Jul 29, 2026 16:56:02 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53803                                  July 29, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidential10. Latest financials of entities involved in the scheme not older than 6 months from the date of 
NOC of Stock Exchange should be updated on the Website and same also to be disclosed in 
the explanatory statement.
i) The Companyshall ensurethat 
shall mandatorily be in demat form only.
j) The Company shall ensure 
complying with the relevant clauses mentioned in the scheme document.
k) The Company shall ensure that no changes to the draft scheme except those mandated by the 
regulators/authorities / tribunals shall be made without specific written consent of SEBI.
l) The Company shall ensure that the observations of SEBI/Stock exchanges shall be incorporated 
in the petition to be filed before NCLT and the company is obliged to bring the observations to 
the notice of NCLT.
m) The Company shall ensure to comply with all the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, rules and regulations issued thereunder including obtaining the consent from the creditors 
for the proposed scheme.
n) The Company shall ensure that the listed entity(ies) involved in the proposed scheme shall 
disclose the No-Objection letter of the Stock Exchange(s) on its website within 24 hours of 
receiving the same.
o) It is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to SEBI again for its comments / observations / representations.
p) Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to 
SEBI, should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved 
by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme 
or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.
Please note that the submission of documents/information, in accordance with the Circular to National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), should not in any way be deemed or construed that the same 
has been cleared or approved by NSE. National Stock Exchange of India Limited does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of any scheme or for the correctness of the statements 
made or opinions expressed in the documents submitted.s 
the proposed equity shares to be issued in terms of the "Scheme" 
that the "Scheme" shall be acted upon subject to the applicant 
This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Khyati Vidwans 
Date: Wed, Jul 29, 2026 16:56:02 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53803                                  July 29, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-ConfidentialIt is to be noted that the petitions are filed by the company before NCLT after processing and 
communication of comments/observations on draft scheme by SEBI/ Stock exchange. Hence, the 
company is not required to send notice for representation as mandated under section 230(5) of 
Companies Act, 2013 to National Stock Exchange of India Limited again for its 
comments/observations/representations
Based on the draft scheme and other documents submitted by the Company, including undertaking given 
terms of Regulation 37 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, so as to enable the Company to file the draft 
scheme with NCLT.
with other applicable statutory requirements. However, the listing of shares of UPL Global Sustainable 
Agri Solutions Limited is at the discretion of the Exchange.
The listing of UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement 
shall be subject to SEBI approval & Company satisfying the following conditions:
1. To submit the Information Memorandum containing all the information about UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited and its group companies in line with the disclosure 
for making the same available to the public through website of the companies. The following lines 
must be inserted as a disclaimer clause in the Information Memorandum:
Scheme has been approved by NSE; and/ or NSE does not in any manner warrant, certify or 
endorse the correctness or completeness of the details provided for the unlisted Company; does 
not in any manner take any responsibility for the financial or other soundness of the UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited
2. To publish an advertisement in the newspapers containing all the information about UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited in line with the details required as per SEBI Master Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 20, 2023. The advertisement should draw 
a specific reference to the aforesaid Information Memorandum available on the website of the 
company as well as NSE.
3. To disclose all the material information about UPL Global Sustainable Agri Solutions Limited to 
NSE on continuous basis so as to make the same public, in addition to the requirements, if any, 
specified in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for disclosures about the subsidiaries.s 
in terms ofRegulation 11 ofSEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we hereby convey our "No objection" in 
The Company should also fulfil the Exchange's criteria for listing of such company and also comply 
requirements applicable for public issues with National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited ("NSE") 
"The approval given by the NSE should not in any manner be deemed or construed that the 
, its promoters, its management etc. " 
This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Khyati Vidwans 
Date: Wed, Jul 29, 2026 16:56:02 IST 
Location: NSE 
Ref: NSE/LIST/ 53803                                  July 29, 2026Continuation Sheet
Non-Confidential4. The following provision shall be incorporated in the scheme: 
a)
b) UPL Global 
Sustainable Agri Solutions Limitedbetween the record date and the listing which may affect 
With reference to Part II (A) (5) of SEBI Master Circular dated June 20, 2023, UPL Global Sustainable 
Agri Solutions Limitedshall ensure that steps for listing of specified securities are completed and trading 
in securities commences within sixty days
simultaneously on all the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the listed entity (or transfer entity) 
are/were listed. Accordingly, the company must initiate necessary steps to ensure strict adherence to said 
timeline.
However, the Exchange reserves its rights to raise objections at any stage if the information submitted 
to the Exchange is found to be incomplete/ incorrect/ misleading/ false or for any contravention of Rules, 
Bye-laws and Regulations of the Exchange, Listing Regulations, Guidelines/ Regulations issued by 
statutory authorities.
Scheme shall be submitted to NCLT.
Kindly note, this Exchange letter should not be construed as approval under any other Act 
/Regulation/rule/bye laws (except as referred above) for which the Company may be required to obtain 
approval from other department(s) of the Exchange. The Company is requested to separately take up 
matter with the concerned departments for approval, if any.
The Company shall ensure filing of compliance status report stating the compliance with each 
point of Observation Letter on draft scheme of arrangement on the following path: NEAPS > Issue 
> Scheme of arrangement > Reg 37/59(A) of SEBI LODR, 2015> Seeking Observation letter to 
Compliance Status. 
Yours faithfully, 
For National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Khyati Vidwans
Chief ManagerP.S. Checklist for all the Further Issues is available on website of the exchange at the following URL https://www.nseindia.com/static/companies-
listing/raising-capital-further-issues-main-sme-checklist
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) has announced the launch of NEAPS mobile application. The app can be downloaded from the App Store/ s 
"The shares allotted pursuant to the Scheme shall remain frozen in the depositories system 
till listing/trading permission is given by the designated stock exchange. " 
"There shall be no change in the shareholding pattern or control in 
the status of this approval. " 
______ of receipt of the order of the Hon'ble High Court/NCLT, 
The validity of this "Observation Letter" shall be six months from July 29, 2026, within which the 
Play store with the name "NEAPS APP". This Document is Digitally Signed 
NSE Signed by: Khyati Vidwans 
Date: Wed, Jul 29, 2026 16:56:02 IST 
Location: NSE 