Sensitivity: Public (C4)  VEDL/Sec./SE/ 26-27/80 July 3 0, 202 6 
BSE Limited         National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers       “Exchange Plaza”  
Dalal Street, Fort         Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 001        Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 500295       Scrip Code: VEDL  
Scrip Code (Non -Convertible Debentures): 
976754, 976755, 976756 and 977639  
Sub:   Intimation under Regulation s 30 and 51  of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (as amended from time to time)  
(“Listing Regulations ”) - Vedanta Limited announces demerger of its Real Estate Business  
Dear Sir/Ma ’am, 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held today, July 
30, 2026, have granted their approval for demerger of its Real Estate Business ( as defined in Annexure 
A) to unlock significant value.
Press Release and Investor Presentation in this regard have also been enclosed.
Kindly note that subject to necessary statutory, regulatory and other approvals, as may be necessary, 
the Board of Directors have considered and approved the draft Scheme of Arrangement (“ Scheme ”) 
between  Vedanta  Limited  (“Company ” or “Demerged  Company”)  and Vedanta  Property  Platforms 
Limited (“ Resulting Company ”) and their respective shareholders and creditors for the demerger of 
the Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) of the Company to the Resulting Company on 
a going concern basis. 
The Company  shall  apply  to the  BSE  Limited  and  National  Stock  Exchange  of India  Limited,  in due 
course,  for obtaining  their  ‘no-objection  letters’  pursuant  to Regulation  37, and to the extent 
applicable, Regulation 59A, of the Listing Regulations. 
The disclosure as required under Regulation 30 and Schedule III of Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
circular  HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026  dated  January  30, 2026  is enclosed  as 
Annexure A . 
The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company commenced at 02:30 p.m. IST and concluded 
at 03: 00 p .m. IST. 
We reques t you to please tak e the above on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vedanta Limited 
Prerna Halwasiya 
Compan y Sec retar y an d Complianc e Officer 
Encl: As above 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  ANNEXURE A  
S. No. Particulars  Details  
1. Brief details of the division(s) to be 
Demerged  The Demerged Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ) comprises of, inter 
alia, the assets, liabilities, properties and resources related to or 
pertaining to the conduct of, or the activities of the Real Estate Business 
(as defined in the Scheme ) of the Demerged Company, on a going concern 
basis.  
“Real Estate Business ” means the business of undertaking, whether 
directly or indirectly, individually or through a joint venture, all activities 
relating to the development, construction, reconstruction, renovation, 
redevelopment, improvement, operation, management, leasing, licensing 
of land, buildings and all categories of immovable properties, including but 
not limited to residential, commercial, retail, industrial, hospitality, mixed 
use and infrastructure related developments.  
2. Turnover of the demerged division and 
as percentage to the total turnover of the 
listed entity in the immediately 
preceding financial year / based on 
financials of the last financial year  The turnover (including other operating income) of the Demerged 
Undertaking for the year ended March 31, 2026 was INR 1.26 crore 
representing 0.001 % of the total standalone turnover of Vedanta Limited 
for the year ended March 31, 2026. 
3. Rationale for demerger  (a) The Demerged Company has interests in multiple businesses
including metals, mining, and exploration of natural resources.
(b) Over the years, through various acquisitions the Demerged Company
has accumulated a substantial real estate portfolio comprising of non -
core, and strategically located lands, built -up assets and investments
in other real estate owning entities across multi ple geographies,
including investments in a web / GIS based focused information
technology platform for tracking its real estate portfolio. Demerged
Company is dealing with these properties based on the available
opportunities (like leasing, development, etc). The real estate
business is currently embedded within the operating business and the
real estate portfolio has been historically subject to limited focused
utilisation, resulting in sub -optimal visibility of the real estate business
segment and value  realization. To enable focused management,
improved transparency, and a more productive deployment of such
real estate, the Demerged Company has initiated steps to contribute
and consolidate its real estate undertaking as part of th e Scheme.
Besides the Demerged Company, certain other Vedanta group
companies hold real estate assets, and the need for separate and
focused approach to real estate portfolio management is equally
applicable to such Vedanta group companies. The contribution  and
consolidation of real estate business from across the Vedanta group
companies would significantly enhance the ability of the Resulting
Company to carry on the Real Estate Business ( as defined in the
Scheme ) in a more effective and efficient manner. In furtherance of
its objective to evolve into Vedanta group’s flagship company
 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  engaged in the Real Estate Business and holding a diverse portfolio of 
real estate assets, the Resulting Company may:  
 
(i) concurrently with th e Scheme, explore and, if considered 
appropriate, implement additional schemes of arrangement 
with other Vedanta group companies to acquire their real 
estate undertaking (“ Concurrent Scheme ”). The shares to be 
issued by the Resulting Company as consideration in any such 
Concurrent Scheme shall be determined based on the fair 
value of the real estate undertaking contributed thereunder 
relative to the fair value of the Demerged Undertaking 
transferred to the Resulting Company pursuant to th e Scheme, 
and such issuances shall not result in any changes / 
adjustments to the Share Entitlement Ratio ( as defined in the 
Scheme ); and  
 
(ii) subject to commercial discussions and receipt of requisite 
approvals, also evaluate the potential acquisition of ownership 
rights, leasehold rights, development rights, usage rights, 
possessory rights, management rights, monetization rights, or 
any other s imilar right  or entitlement in relation to the 
Identified Assets ( as defined in the Scheme ) of Meenakshi 
Energy Limited and Incab  Industries Limited, both Vedanta 
group companies. Such acquisition shall be undertaken at fair 
value and in proximity to the demerger of the Demerged 
Undertaking pursuant to th e Scheme, and in accordance with 
Clause 15(c) of the Scheme . The consideration for such 
acquisition will be settled by way of issuance of equity shares 
of the Resulting Company and such issuances shall not result in 
any changes / adjustments to the Share Entitlement Ratio 
(“Potential Transactions ”). 
 
It is, however, clarified that the references to the Concurrent Scheme 
and the Potential Transactions contained herein are  merely indicative 
of the intent and strategic objectives of the Resulting Company to 
hold a diversified portfolio of real estate asse ts, and  would in no 
manner be construed as constituting any definitive arrangement or 
agreement between the Resulting Company and any other person, or 
as conferring any present or future right upon any person to subscribe 
for, acquire or be allotted any eq uity shares of the Resulting 
Company. It is further clarified that th e Scheme is not dependent 
upon the potential acquisition of real estate assets and / or businesses 
belonging to other Vedanta group companies as mentioned above.   
 
(c) To unlock the inherent value of the Real Estate Business, enable 
focused development, exploit the growth potential of the Real Estate 
Business  and attract a distinct set of investors and strategic partners 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  aligned with real estate and infrastructure development, it is 
proposed to consolidate the Real Estate Business of the Demerged 
Company under an independent, dedicated entity. Accordingly, the 
management of the Demerged Company is considering a carve out o f 
the Real Estate Business  of the Demerged Company into a separate 
focussed entity, thereby creating a pure -play real estate platform and 
unlocking value.  
(d) The following benefits may accrue on demerger of the Demerged  
Undertaking ( as defined in the Scheme ):
(i) creation of an independent global scale company focusing on  
Real Estate Business and exploring new opportunities and  
taking advantage of the growth potential specific to the real  
estate sector.
(ii) establishment of a centralized and integrated real estate  
platform that will function as a unified hub for all real estate  
development and infrastructure-related activities. This 
platform will facilitate leasing operations, township  
development, industrial development, and comprehensive  
infrastructure support services (including but not limited to 
education, sports, and animal welfare infrastructure), and  
enhance coordination, efficiency, and scalability across various 
intra-group projects. It will also be responsible for the optimal 
identification, pooling, and deployment of unutilised real  
estate related resources, ensuring that the real estate  
requirements of all Vedanta group entities are met in a timely  
and seamless manner through a structured internal allocation  
mechanism. In parallel, the Resulting Company may undertake  
the development and operation of special economic zones, 
industrial estates, and a wide spectrum of infrastructure  
facilities including transport systems, utilities, logistics,  
commercial and residential complexes, sports and social  
infrastructure, thereby enabling integrated industrial and  
urban ecosystem development to support both domestic and  
international trade and long-term group expansion.
(iii) consolidation of the Real Estate Business will enable it and the 
remaining businesses to operate independently, develop  
specialised capabilities aligned to their respective sectors, and 
benefit from greater management focus. This separation will  
facilitate a more focused operational strategy and allow each 
business to efficiently explore new growth opportunities 
including channelising resources and attracting right talent and  
providing enhanced growth opportunities to the existing talent
 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  in line with a strategic focus on business segments under 
separate entities.  
 
(iv) the carve out and consolidation will enable the Resulting 
Company to establish a dedicated management and 
governance structure, leading to improved operational 
efficiency, capital structure, funding strategy, stronger 
accountability, and more effective dec ision -making aligned 
with the objectives of Real Estate Business, along with 
enhanced transparency through separate financial and 
operational disclosures, enabling clearer valuation and 
informed stakeholder decision ‑making.  
 
(v) the Resulting Company can attract different sets of investors, 
strategic partners, lenders, and other stakeholders enabling 
independent collaboration and expansion in the Resulting 
Company, best suited to their investment strategies and risk 
profiles specific  to the Real Estate Business.  
 
(vi) enabling focused and sharper capital market access and 
thereby unlocking the value of the Demerged Undertaking and 
creating enhanced value for shareholders.  
The Scheme is in the interest of all stakeholders of the Demerged 
Company and the Resulting Company.  
4.  Brief details of change in shareholding 
pattern (if any) of all entities  • There will be no change in the shareholding pattern of the Demerged 
Company.  
• Change in shareholding pattern of Resulting Company pursuant to 
demerger shall be as under:  
Category  Pre – Scheme *  Post – Scheme ^ 
No. of 
shares  % share  
holding  No. of shares  % share  
holding  
Promoter 
and 
Promoter 
Group  1,00,000  100%  10,69,89,737.950  54.72%  
Public  - - 8,82,18,048.450  45.12%  
Non -
Promoter 
Non -Public  - - 3,11,616.450  0.16%  
Total  Listed 
Capital  - - 19,55,19,402. 850 -  
Shares in 
Abeyance 
Category  - - 14,931.600  - 
Total  Issued 
and Paid -
Up Capital  1,00,000  100%  19,55,34,334.45  100%  
In case any shareholder’s shareholding in the Demerged Company is such 
that such shareholder becomes entitled to a fraction of the Resulting 
Company New Equity Share  (as defined in the Scheme) , the Resulting 
 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  Company shall not issue any fractional Resulting Company New Equity 
Share (“ Fractional Shares ”) to such shareholder but shall consolidate such 
Fractional Shares and round up the aggregate of such Fractional Shares to 
the next whole number (“ Consolidated Fractional Shares ”), and issue and 
allot the Consolidated Fractional Shares directly to a trustee nominated by 
the Board of Resulting Company in that behalf, who shall sell such 
Consolidated Fractional Shares in the market at such price or prices and on 
such time or times as the trustee may in its sole discretion decide and on 
such sale, shall pay to the Resulting Company, the net sale proceeds (after 
deduction of applicable taxes and other expenses incurred), whereupon 
the Resulting Company shall, subject to withholding ta x, if any, distribute 
such sale proceeds to the concerned shareholders of Demerged Company 
in proportion to their respective Fractional Shares sold by the trustee.  
 
* Pursuant to the Potential Transactions and the Concurrent Schemes, the 
pre-scheme shareholding pattern of the Resulting Company may vary . 
 
^ In the event of any change in the pre -scheme shareholding pattern 
pursuant to the Potential Transactions and the Concurrent Schemes, the 
post -scheme shareholding pattern will correspondingly change to that 
extent.  
5.  In case of cash consideration - amount or 
otherwise share exchange ratio  • No cash consideration is payable under the Scheme.  
 
• The consideration for the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking 
shall be discharged by issue of equity shares by the Resulting 
Company as follows:  
 
1 fully paid -up equity share of Vedanta Property Platforms Limited of 
face value INR 1/ - (Indian Rupee One) each, for every 20 fully paid -
up equity shares of Vedanta Limited of face value INR 1/ - (Indian 
Rupee One) each, held as on the Record Date.  
 
• In case any shareholder’s shareholding in the Demerged Company is 
such that such shareholder becomes entitled to a fraction of the 
Resulting Company New Equity Share, the Resulting Company shall 
not issue any fractional Resulting Company New Equity Share 
(“Fractional Shares ”) to such shareholder but shall consolidate such 
Fractional Shares and round up the aggregate of such Fractional 
Shares to the next whole number (“ Consolidated Fractional 
Shares ”), and issue and allot the Consolidated Fractional Shares 
directly to a trustee nominated by the Board of Resulting Company 
in that behalf, who shall sell such Consolidated Fractional Shares in 
the market at such price or prices and on such time or times as the 
trustee may in its sole discretion decide and on such sale, shall pay 
to the Resulting Company, the net sale proceeds (after deduction of 
applicable taxes and other expenses incurred), whereupon the 
Resulting Company shall, subject to withholding ta x, if any, distribute 
such sale proceeds to the concerned shareholders of Demerged 
Company in proportion to their respective Fractional Shares sold by 
the trustee.  
6.  Whether listing would be sought for the 
resulting entity  Yes, the equity shares of the Resulting Company are proposed to be listed 
on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
 
 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4)  7.  Details of benefit, if any, to the 
promoter/promoter companies from 
restructuring  The Scheme will not result in any additional / special benefits to the 
promoter / promoter group/ group companies. The issuance of shares of 
the Resulting Company to the shareholders of the  Demerged  Company 
shall be on a proportionate basis , and  the beneficial economic interest of 
the shareholders of Demerged Company  in the Demerged Undertaking 
will remain unchanged, with such interest continuing to be held through 
VPPL.  
8.  Quantitative and/ or qualitative effect of 
restructuring  Please refer point no. 3, 4 and 5 above.  
9.  Details and reasons for restructuring  Please refer point no. 3, 4, 5 and 6 above.  
10.  Impact of the Scheme on the outstanding 
Listed Debt Securities  in the Demerged 
Company  The holders of the Listed Debt Securities ( as defined in the Scheme ) in the 
Demerged Company shall continue to hold the Listed Debt Securities in 
the Demerged Company even post the Scheme becoming effective on the 
same terms and conditions at which they were issued. The liability of the 
Demerged Company towards the Listed Debt Securities holders of the 
Demerged Company,  is neither being reduced nor being extinguished 
under the Scheme. Thus, the rights of the holders of the Listed Debt 
Securities are in no manner affected by the Scheme.  
 
 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)   
Vedanta Announces Demerger of Surplus Real Estate Assets to 
Unlock Value  
 
Mumbai, July 30, 2026 : Vedanta Limited, India's largest diversified natural resources company with a 
significant global footprint and an operating history spanning more than three decades, has announced 
to demerge its surplus real estate assets accumulated at prominent locatio ns across India into Vedanta 
Property Platforms Limited (VPPL) . The proposed demerger will enable to unlock value out of these 
surplus assets.  
 
The announcement comes within three months of the successful implementation of one of the largest 
restructurings in India, culminating in the market debut of four new independent entities on the NSE and 
BSE.  
 
The demerger is planned to be a vertical split, wherein for every  20 shares  of Vedanta  Limited, the 
shareholders  of Vedanta will receive 1 share of VPPL . 
 
The surplus real estate portfolio to be demerged comprises of ~ 2,200 acres  of industrial land  and ~ 
55,000 sq feet for residential/ commercial  properties.  
 
The announcement is also available on the exchange website at  www.bseindia.com  and 
www.nseindia.com .    
 
 
Mr. Anil Agarwal, Chairman of Vedanta Group, stated:  
 
“This is yet another exciting announcement from Vedanta. After the recent success of the five -way 
demerger creating "pure -play" entities across oil and gas, aluminium, power, and steel, we plan to 
demerge the surplus real estate assets into an independent “pure -play” company to unlock significant 
value for the stakeholders.”  
 
Transaction Structure  
 
The demerger will be consummated through the approval of a scheme of arrangement by the  National 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai in accordance with the applicable law. Following today’s meeting, the 
Board has approved to undertake the regulatory process for obtaining necessary consents /approvals for 
the proposed demerger. Filing with the stock exchanges for obtaining t heir no -objection letter (including 
SEBI’s comments/ approval) is expected in August 2026. The Company will follow the customary process 
as per Indian law.  
 
Presentation  
 
Further details on our strategic plan including the proposed transaction structure, business overviews 
and investment thesis can be found in our investor presentation.  
 
 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)  About Vedanta Limited:  
Vedanta Limited (NSE: VEDL; BSE: 500295) is a leading global producer of metals, critical minerals and 
technology, that powers the industries of today and incubating the industries of tomorrow. The Company has 
a strong track record of identifying opportuni ties in sunrise sectors and scaling them into world -class 
businesses that become the industries of tomorrow. With operations across India, Africa, the Middle East and 
East Asia, Vedanta is embedded in high -growth regions shaping the next era of global deve lopment. 
Sustainability is central to the Company’s strategy, guided by strong ESG governance, people -first workplaces 
and a commitment to achieving net -zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. Through accelerated growth and long -
term partnerships, Vedanta is cre ating enduring value for economies, communities and stakeholders 
worldwide.  
 
For more information, please visit www.vedantalimited.com   
 
Vedanta Limited  
Vedanta, 75, Nehru Road,  
Vile Parle (East), Mumbai - 400 099  
www.vedantalimited.com    
 
Registered Office:  
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, ‘C’ wing, Unit 103,  
Corporate Avenue, Atul Projects,  
Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai – 400 093  
CIN: L13209MH1965PLC291394  
 
Disclaimer  
This press release contains “forward looking statements” – that is, statements related to future, not past, 
events. In this context, forward looking statements often address our expected future business and financial 
performance, and often contain words su ch as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” 
“should” or “will.” Forward –looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain.  
For us, uncertainties arise from the behaviour  of financial and metals markets including the London Metal 
Exchange, fluctuations in interest and or exchange rates and metal prices; from future integration of acquired 
businesses; and from numerous other matters of national, regional, and global scale, including those of a 
political, economic, business, competitive or regulatory nature. These uncertainties may cause our actual 
future result s to be materially different that those expressed in our forward -looking statements. We do not 
undertake to update our forward -looking statements.  
 
For Investor enquiries:  
 
For any Investor enquiries, please contact:  
Mr. Charanjit Singh, Group Head – Investor Relations  
(vedantaltd.ir@vedanta.co.in ) 
 
For any media queries, please contact:  
Ms. Sonal Choithani, Group Chief Brand & Communications Officer   
(Sonal.Choithani@vedanta.co.in ) 
 
TRANSFORMING TOGETHER
Inclusive. Responsible. Value-accretive deliveryReorganization Announcement
Reorganization Announcement
VEDANTA LIMITED
July 2026

Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
2
Cautionary Statement and Disclaimer
Cautionary Statement and Disclaimer
The views expressed here may contain information derived from publicly available sources that have not been independently verif ied.
No representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness, reasonableness or reliability of this information. Any forward-looking
information in this presentation including, without limitation, any tables, charts and/or graphs, has been prepared on the basis of a number ofassumptions which may prove to be incorrect. This presentation should not be relied upon as a recommendation or forecast by Vedanta ResourcesLimited and Vedanta Limited and any of their subsidiaries. Past performance of Vedanta Resources Limited and Vedanta Limited and any of theirsubsidiaries cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.
This presentation contains 'forward-looking statements' – that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looki ng
statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 'expects,' 'anticipates,' 'inten ds,'
'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' or 'will.' Forward–looking statements by th eir nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. Fo ru s ,
uncertainties arise from the behaviour of financial and metals markets including the London Metal Exchange, fluctuations in interest and or exchang e
rates and metal prices; from future integration of acquired businesses; and from numerous other matters of national, regional and global scale, incl uding
those of a environmental, climatic, natural, political, economic, business, competitive or regulatory nature. These uncertainties may cause our a ctual
future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-lookingstatements. We caution you that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risk and uncertainties, and that, although we believe that theassumption on which our forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and, as a result,the forward-looking statement based on those a ssumptions could be ma terially incorrect.
This presentation is not intended, and does not, constitute or form part of any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwis e
acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities in Vedanta Resources Limited and Vedanta Limited and any of their subsidiaries o r
undertakings or any other invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities, nor shall this presentation (or any part of it) or the fact of it s
distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or investment decision.04030201
p
hich may
edanta Lim
nnot bere
“Creating value through focused business model”
“Creating value through 
focused business model”
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
Vedanta Demerger | Unlocking ~300% Shareholder Value Through Business Separation
•No additional investment required, existing shareholders
automatically received shares in each resulting company.
•Unlocked hidden value by enabling each business to be
valued independently.
•Improved transparency through separate management
teams, governance and financial reporting.
•Investment flexibility , allowing shareholders to retain or
monetize exposure to specific sectors.
•Created focused growth platforms with independent
capital allocation and fundraising capability.
INR 225.50
Vedanta Ltd. share price as on 
date of announcement of 
demerger (29thSep 2023)
4
INR 932.05
Consolidated share value of 4 
newly listed entities along with 
Vedanta Ltd. on listing date (15th
June 2026)>300% upsideHolding Before Demerger Holding After Demerger
1 share of Vedanta Ltd.1 share of Vedanta Ltd. (Residual 
Business)
+ 1 share of Vedanta Aluminium Metal Ltd.
+ 1 share of Vedanta Power Ltd.+ 1 share of Vedanta Oil & Gas Ltd.+ 1 share of Vedanta Iron & Steel Ltd.Every 1 equity share held in Vedanta Limited, shareholders received:Vedanta transformed from a diversified conglomerate into 5 inde pendent listed companies, enabling investors to value each busin ess separately
How this has created value for the shareholders?
Similar to the value unlocked through the recent Vedanta Group
demerger, the proposed Real Estate demerger has the potential
to create additional shareholder value by separating real estateundertaking into a focused platform with transparent valuation
and dedicated revenue generation avenues.Key Takeaway…
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
5Dividend payout of ~$19 Bn
~ൠ cr. over last 10
years
More than 3X market 
cap growth in last 10 
yearsൠcrore1058 1,223 1,002 205 504 2,246 4,700 1,312 1,955 1,400$mn
Dividend
7,099 7,880 7,005 
1,450 3,531 16,727 37,730 
10,966 17,010 
13,295 
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
81,440 103,450 
68,303 
24,069 84,994 149,970 
102,111 100,978 181,481 256,072 
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026Market Cap
ൠcrore
Delivered ~300% Total 
Shareholder Return (TSR) in 
last 5 yearsVedanta Has Delivered Consistent Shareholder Returns
Note: Dividend is calculated using the annual dividend per share and outstanding shares as of 31stMarch, while market capitalization is calculated using the 31st
March closing share price and outstanding shares.

Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
6Strategic Evolution of Real Estate
15%
85%8%
92%120 18065010005800
2017 2020 2025 2030 2047Indian RE Market (US$ bn)India’s Real Estate Becomes a New-Age Infrastructure Powerhouse
Real estate market projected to expand with estimated CAGR of ~14%Catalysts Powering India’s Real Estate Future
CAGR 14% 
Transactions in major 
cities grew 77% 
between FY2019–
FY2025 , reflecting 
strong homeownership 
demand.Office demand led by 
GCCs and IT firms , with 
the data center sector 
growing ~11% 
annually .Warehousing activity
remains robust with 
space additions 
increased ~11% YoY in 
FY 25 , driven by strong 
all-sector demand.Market Structure by Asset ClassKey Enablers for RE Growth
Policy Reforms: 
NIP, Gati Shakti, 
RERA, PMAYInfrastructure: 
Connectivity 
boosting Tier II–III 
cities
Urbanisation: 
Urban population 
rising to ~50% by 
2050Sources: Capital 
Market, FDI, DII & 
REIT etc.FY 2025  
(US$4.51 tn)FY 2047 
( US$35.51 tn)RE Market expected to grow ~15× and contribute 16% of GDP growth
72% 21% 7%
Sources: CII Indian Real Estate 2030, The Economic Times, DPIIT ( www.dpiit.gov.in ), IMF, PIB.
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
7
Background – Real Estate Platform
Background – Real Estate Platform
• Over the years, Vedanta and its group companies have
accumulated substantial real estate portfolio comprising non-
core, and strategically located land parcels, built-up assets and
investments in other real estate owning entities across multiple
geographies
• These assets currently housed within the operating business, lack
visibility and focus, thereby constraining optimal management ,
valuation transparency and full development potential .
• While Vedanta has periodically assessed standalone
development options for many years, this exercise has gained
renewed momentum over the past few months.
• With a view to unlock value for the shareholders ,possibility of
carving out the real estate undertaking to a larger pure-play real
estate company is contemplated.Overview Current Structure
Vedanta 
Promoters
Public & Others Institutional Investors
Vedanta - Listed54.72% 26.6% 18.68%
.
Pure Play Real Estate Company
VPPL
Building on the value created through the Vedanta Group demerger, VPPL represents the next phase of shareholder value creation by 
unlocking the embedded value of real estate undertaking, creating a focused development platform, and establishing a scalable re al estate 
business with multiple avenues for growth and value maximization.100%
Shareholding pattern outlined above is as on June 30, 2026
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
8Overview of Real Estate Portfolio
Total 22 assets across India, together account for ~2,264 acres of land (14 land parcels) and  ~53,185 sq. ft. of residential a nd office space (8 units)
Overview of Real Estate Portfolio
Total 22 assets across India, together account for ~2,264 acres of land (14 land parcels) and  ~53,185 sq. ft. of residential and office space (8 units)1
Gujarat – 1 land
Tamil Nadu – 6 Lands 
• Mettur - 1 land• Yercuad - 1 land• Poovali - 1 land• Tuticorin - 3 lands
Maharashtra – 3 lands, 1 building 
and 5 Flats
• Mumbai – 5 Flats + 1 building 
• Lonavala, Pune -1 land• Sanaswadi, Pune -1 land• Ratnagiri -1 land
d
Karnataka  - 1 land
Goa – 5 Assets
• 2 land at Sanquelim 
• 1 land at Chicalim • 2  Bungalow at Panjim

Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
9
Rationale for the Proposed Restructuring
Rationale for the Proposed Restructuring
Demerger / consolidation to create a larger and more diversifie d real estate portfolio 
Proposed restructuring is consistent with broader industry trends – e.g., BEML, Raymond, Emami, ITC, Bombay Dyeing, etc. have 
also undertaken similar restructuring efforts in pastPotentially commands valuation multiples aligned with the real estate sector and opens opportunities for significant value 
accretion Unlocks sector-specific growth opportunities , improves operational flexibility, enhances efficiency and transparencyEnables focused management oversight , access to real estate sector expertise and facilitates participation of investors, 
strategic partners, lenders , and other stakeholders
Economic interest of each shareholder would not only be preser ved but significantly enhanced over a period of time in the 
listed vehicle (VPPL)1
2
3
4
5
6
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
10
Key Objectives and Focus Areas
Key Objectives and Focus Areas
Build a Scalable 
Real Estate 
PlatformUnlock Value 
from Real 
Estate AssetsDrive 
Operational 
Excellence & 
ExecutionOptimize 
Capital 
Allocation & 
Financial 
ReturnsAccelerate 
Growth 
Through 
Partnerships
oDevelop real 
estate 
undertaking to build a new vertical
oCreate healthy 
mix of commercial, industrial and residential portfoliooRealize fair 
market value RE portfolio with best use case scenario
oFCFE with a mix 
of long term and medium term stream
oAttract RE 
focussed investorsoTimely project 
delivery in 
budgeted capex 
oDigital project 
monitoring
oCustomer-
centric development approachoImprove 
project-level ROCE and cash generation
oEfficient capital 
deployment
oRevenue 
stream commensurate with project riskoExpand 
inorganically and also through partnership
oInstitutional 
investor participation
oJoint 
development agreements
oValue buys
STRATEGIC
OBJECTIVES
FOCUS
AREAS
Transform strategic real estate assets into a high-growth, capital-efficient real estate business delivering sustainable 
shareholder value.
13
End Use of Real Estate Portfolio I Streamlined Pure-Play "Real Estate Platform”
End Use of Real Estate Portfolio I Streamlined Pure-Play "Real Estate Platform”
Vedanta
ShareholdersShareholders
Hindustan Zinc Limited
Copper Business
Semiconductors / 
Display
Other Businesses
(FACOR & Nicomet)
Industrial Space
Agricultural Space
Residential – flat / 
bungalows
Commerical – office 
spaceShareholdersShareholders
Vedanta
 VPPLShareholdersShareholders
In VPPL, a diversified portfolio of indus trial, residential & commercial assets 
positioned for shareholder value creation; such as:
Industrial & Manufacturing 
Parks 
Food Processing & Agro-
Industrial Parks
Logistics & Warehousing 
Parks
Data Centres & Digital 
Infrastructure 
IT / ITES Parks & Business 
Campuses 
Group’s Future Ventures
11
12Unlocking Significant Value Through a Pure-Play Real Estate (RE) Entity
Notes:  Illustrative value based on simple acreage-to-sq. ft. conversion (excluding FAR/FSI). Any routine statutory approvals a nd permissions, if required, will be obtained in the ordinary course of businessVedanta 
Limited
(VEDL)
VPPL
Pure-Play 
Vehicle
Future JDAs 
and 
Acquisitions~3,500 Acres
Area including 
potential future 
acquisitions ~2,264 Acres
VPPL RE 
Undertaking~130 Mn. sq.ft.
Potential area for 
revenue generationFrom  22 
AssetsPotential value creation opportunity in future
INR 30,000 Cr+
[Probable end use opport unities : Industrial Set-
up, Commercial Usage (Offices, REITs, Hotels), 
Residential / Corporate Leasing, etc.]
Guiding your journey from discovering value creation oppor tunities to implementing strategies to unlock the 
values…
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
13A Few Relevant Precedents
A Few Relevant Precedents
• Emami Realty Limited, established in 2008 as the Emami Group's real estate arm acquired the real estate
business of Oriental Sales Agencies (India) Private Limited through demerger in 2021.
• L&T Realty, established in 2011 as the real estate development arm of Larsen & Toubro Limited, was
created to monetize the Group’s non-core land bank arising from the relocation of manufacturing facilities.• BEML Land Assets Limited (BLAL) was incorporated in 2021 following the demerger of non-core land
assets from BEML Limited and listed in 2023, creating a dedicated land-holding company to facilitatestrategic disinvestment and value unlocking.
• Raymond incubated its real estate business in its wholly owned subsidiary, Raymond Realty, and
subsequently demerged it into Raymond Realty Limited under a Scheme of Arrangement, creating anindependently listed real estate platform in July 2025.
• Bombay Realty, a division of The Bombay Dyeing M anufacturing and Company Limited, acquired the real
estate business of SCAL Services Limited through demerger in 2019.

Sensitivity: Internal
(C3)`
14
From Today to Tomorrow: The Evolution of Real Estate Management
Asset Profiling: Real estate assets lying within group
systematically identified, profiled, and segmented to protect existingvalue and unlock future value.1
Digital Asset Register: Created a centralised digital asset registry
which provides real-time monitoring, governance discipline, andaccess to decision-ready insights.2
Pure-Play Real Estate Company: Established VPPL, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Vedanta, to drive focused value creationthrough disciplined asset optimization and strategic partnerships.3
Organisation: Real estate is treated as a non-core function, with
no dedicated team or incentive structure to drive value creation.4Strategic Asset Monetization: Prioritized assets monetized
through development, leasing, joint ventures, and selectivedivestments to unlock maximum value.1
Data-Driven Portf olio Management: Digital intelligence
leveraged for proactive asset management, performancetracking, and investment decision-making using Agentic AI2
Institutional Real Estate Platform: VPPL evolves into a
professional real estate platform driving partnerships, capitaldeployment, and sustainable value creation.3
Independent ,skilled management: A seasoned CEO, backed
by a focused and incentivised team, dedicated to deliver assetvalue enhancement and execution rigors.4Today Tomorrow
With Vedanta successfully advancing its demerger strategy to unlock
shareholder value, now is the right time to separate the real estate
business and provide investors with a value-focused investment proposition.The increasing need for rapid execution and strong accountability in real
estate necessitates a dedicated leadership team operating within an
independent entity to efficiently utilize assets and enhance the project value.Why this is the right time for the demerger?
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
15
How is Vedanta going to achieve this?
How is Vedanta going to achieve this?
Vedanta holds a portfolio of strategic land and development assets across locations in India
• Significant embedded asset value
• Industrial, residential, commer cial and mixed-use opportunities
• Tap India’s growing urbanization and commercial real estate demand
Create a focused Real Estate platform to unlock value and drive growth
• Enable standalone valuation of real estate assets• Improve strategic focus and execution• Attract sector-focused investors and capital
• Accelerate asset optimization and partnerships
Demerger to be conducted through scheme process
• Board approval obtained• Filing with stock exchanges for SEBI approval expected during August 2026
• Subject to approvals, the process is expected to be completed in FY28030201
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
16
Key Mechanics
Key aspectsTransaction StructureTransaction Structure, Mechanics and Key Aspects
Transaction Structure, Mechanics and Key Aspects
Notes:
1. Estimated Stamp duty cost has been provided by the Lawyers (Trilegal). Actual levy of stamp duty may vary. Additionally, nomi nal
RoC fees and stamp duty of ~INR 0.3 cr. would be payable on alteration of authorized share capitalVEDL 
Promoters
Public & Others Institutional Investors
Vedanta - Listed
GOPL50%
50% held by
Reliance54.72% 26.6% 18.68%
.
VPPL
Demerger100%1. VEDL has incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary - VPPL
which is identified as a resulting company for the purpose ofrestructuring
2. VEDL to demerge their real estate business into VPPL along
with its 50% stake in Gaurav Overseas Private Limited
(‘GOPL’)
3. In consideration, VPPL to issue its shares to the shareholders
of VEDL
4. Shares held by VEDL (and its nominees) in VPPL to be
cancelled as a part of demerger
1. Appointed Date is same as Effective Date
2. Share Entitlement Ratio (1:20) for the proposed demerger is
determined by the GAA Advisor LLP (Registered valuer)
3. VPPL to be listed as a pure-play real estate company on
BSE & NSE
4. Proposed demerger is tax neutral
5. Total estimated cost ~INR 73 Cr (Stamp Duty)
1
Shareholding pattern outlined above is as on June 30, 2026
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
• Industrial space
• Agricultural space• Residential – flat / bungalows• Commerical – office spaceWhat will shareholders receive?
What will shareholders receive?
Vedanta Limited
• Hindustan Zinc Limited
• Copper Business• Semiconductors/ Display• Other businesses (FACOR
& Nicomet)
Shareholders to receive shares in VPPL (w hich will be listed on NSE / BSE):
1 2
Vedanta Property Pla tforms Limited (VPPL)*
Shareholders of Vedanta to receive shares in  VPPL as a consideratio n for proposed demerger*This restructuring unlocks strategic focus through a vertical split of the Real Estate Business, with no change in the underly ing 
economic interest of shareholders
17
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
18
Potential Transactions
Potential Transactions
•Contribution and consolidation of real estate business from other
group companies would signific antly enhance the ability of VPPL to
carry on the business in a more effective and efficient manner in linewith its business objectives.
•In addition to the proposed demerger from Vedanta, VPPL is also
evaluating potential acquisitions of real estate from other Vedanta
group companies i.e., from Meenakshi and Incab, at fair value,
subject to necessary approvals
•In consideration, VPPL would issue its equity shares to Meenakshi
and Incab:
¾Incab - issue of up to 3,52,00,000 equity shares of Re 1 each
¾Meenakshi – issue of up to 150,00,000 equity shares of Re 1
eachPotential piecemeal 
purchases
1 land from Meenakshi
1 land + 25 flats/ offices from
Incab
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
Indicative Timetable for Implementation
Indicative Timetable for Implementation
FY27-28
September January February March April May June July August September
Hearing of Scheme
application by NCLT and
order to conduct member
and creditor meetings
Key milestonesSubmission of Scheme 
with NCLTConducting member and creditor
meetings per NCLT directions
Filing Company Scheme Petition 
with NCLT
NCLT sanction to the Scheme
Receipt of NCLTorder
Listing and trading of
Resulting Companies’ shares 13Filing listing application 
with stock exchangesJuly August October November DecemberFY26-27
Submission of Scheme
with stock exchangesBoard Approval –
Scheme of Arrangement
NOC of Lenders
Receipt of NOCs from BSE &
NSE post receipt of SEBIcomments
Filing order with RoC
19
Sensitivity: Internal (C3)
Thank you
Thank you