March  31, 202 6 
   National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
      “Exchange Plaza”  
  Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
 Mumbai – 400 051  VEDL/Sec./SE/2 5-26/223 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tow ers 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumb ai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500295       Scrip Code: VEDL  
Sub: Intimation unde r Regulation 30 o f Securities an d Exchange Bo ard o f India (“SEBI”)  (Listing  
Obligations and Disclosu re Requirements ) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations ”) 
Dear Sir/Ma dam, 
The Board of Directors (the "Board”) of the Company have inter alia considered and approved the 
following today i.e. March 31, 2026: 
•Completion of Second and Final term of Mr. Dindayal Jalan
Mr. Dindayal Jalan (DIN: 00006882) shall cease to hold office as a Non -Executive Independent Director
of the Company with effect from close of business hours on March 31, 2026.
The Board of Directors places on record its sincere appreciation for the valuable contributions made by
Mr. Jalan during his tenure with the Company.
•Appointment of Mr. S.V. Murali Dhar Rao on the Board of the Company
On the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Company, the Board
approved the appointment of Mr. S.V. Murali Dhar Rao (DIN: 11003912) as an Additional Director
designated as a Non -Executive Independent Director of the Company for a first term of 1 year effective
from April 01, 2026 to March 31, 2027 subject to approval of the shareholders of the Company.
Mr. S.V. Murali Dhar Rao is not related with any of the Director(s) of the Company inter -se in terms of 
Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act") read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Specification 
of Definitions Details) Rules, 2014.  
Mr. S.V. Murali Dhar Rao satisfies the criteria of independence prescribed under the Act and Listing 
Regulations.  
Furth er, in accordance with the circular dated June 20, 2018, issu ed by the Stock Exchanges, it is 
confirmed that he is not debarred from holding office of Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI 
or any other authority.  
A brief profile of Mr. S.V. Murali Dhar Rao is provided below : 
Mr. S.V.  Murali  Dhar Rao has more than 3 decades of extensive experience in regulating and developing 
securities market. He joined the Securities & Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’) in June 1992 and was 
elevated to Executive Director in July 2012. He superannuated from SEBI  in January 2025. During his 
tenure in SEBI, he served in various capacities across various departments such as Corporation  Finance 
Department (CFD), Market Regulation Department (MRD), Market Intermediaries Regulation & 
Supervision Department (MIRSD), In vestment Management Department (MFs, AIFs, PMS), Foreign 
Portfolio Investment, Investment Advisors, Proxy Advisors, etc.  
Currently, Mr. Rao sits on the Board of Invesco Trustee Private Limited as an Independent Director and 
Independent member on the board of Kerala Infrastructure Investment Fund Board of Kerala 
Government. He is also a senior consultant with Khaitan & Co.  
Mr. Rao also served as a part time member of National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) and on the 
Board of Governors of Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). He also has an experience of serving 
in various committees of International Organizati on of Securities Commission (IOSCO).  
The area of extensive experience of Mr. Rao includes a pivotal role played by him in promoting growth 
and development in Mutual Fund industry by introducing measures relating to rationalizing Total 
Expense Ratio (TER), categorization and rationalization of  mutual fund schemes,  product labelling, 
swing pricing mechanism, backstop facility for corporate debt markets etc. He was also instrumental in 
facilitating measures for ease of doing business for listed and to be listed entities, Reduction of timeline 
for listing of shares in public issue from T+6 to T+3, Enhanced disclosures and transparency for listed 
entities including ESG disclosures and assurance.  
He is academically qualified with a Master of Commerce (M.Com) and a Master of Business 
Administration (MBA) and will play a pivotal and strategic role in helping the Company unlock overall 
value.  
•Extension of timelines for fulfilment of the conditions precedent under the Composite Scheme of
Arrangement between Vedanta Limited (“Demerged Company” or “Company”) and Vedanta
Aluminium Metal Limited (“Resulting Company 1”) and Talwandi Sabo Power Limite d (“Resulting
Company 2”) and Malco Energy Limited (“Resulting Company 3”) and Vedanta Iron and Steel
Limited (“Resulting Company 4”) and their respective shareholders and creditors under Sections
230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies  Act, 2013 (“Scheme”)
We refer to our earlier intimations including the intimation dated September 30, 2025, in connection 
with  the Composite  Scheme  of Arrangement  between  Vedanta  Limited  (“Company”  or “VEDL ”) and 
Vedanta  Aluminium  Metal  Limited  (“VAML ” or “Resulting  Company  1”) and Talwandi  Sabo  Power 
Limited (“ TSPL ” or “ Resulting Company 2 ”) and Malco Energy Limited (“ MEL ” or “ Resulting Company 
3”) and Vedanta  Iron and Steel  Limited  (“VISL ” or “Resulting  Company  4”) and their  respective 
shareholders  and creditors  (“Scheme ”). The Resulting  Company  1, Resulting  Company  2, Resulting 
Company 3 and Resulting Company 4 are collectively referred to as “ Resulting Companies ”. 
On September 30, 2025, the Company had intimated that the Board of Directors of the Company and 
the Resulting Companies had extended the timeline for fulfilment of certain conditions precedent to 
the Scheme from September 30, 2025 to March 31, 2026. 
Since certain  conditions  precedent  to the  Scheme,  including  receipt  of approvals  from  certain 
governmental  authorities,  are yet to be fulfilled  and  are in the process  of completion,  the Board  of 
Directors of the Company and the Resulting Companies have, in terms of Clause 39.7 of the Scheme, 
approved  the  extension  of the timeline  for fulfilment  of such  conditions  precedent  from  March  31, 
2026 to June 30, 2026. 
The Board of the Company has approved the same at  05:07  PM IST today.
We reques t you to please take the above on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vedanta Limited 
Prerna Halwasiya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 