 
 
January 08 , 202 6 
 
To To 
The Listing Department , The Corporate Relations Department , 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  BSE Limited  
NSE Symbol : VIJAYA  BSE Scrip Code : 543350   
 
Dear Sir/Madam , 
 
Sub: Allotment of 1, 71,792 Equity Shares of the Company pursuant scheme of 
Amalgamation  of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited with and into Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre Limited and its shareholders and creditors  approved by 
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad Bench, Hyderabad vide 
its order dated October 13, 2025.  
 
This is further to our earlier communication dated November 04, 2025, regarding the 
effectiveness of the Scheme of Amalgamation of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) with and into Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited (“Transferee 
Company” or “the Company”), as approved by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Hyderabad Bench (“NCLT”) vide its order dated October 13, 2025, and 
fixation of Record Date as November 25, 2025, for determining the eligible shareholders 
of the Transferor Company for allotment of equity shares of the Company pursuant to 
the approved share exchange ratio.  
 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company,  today,  by way of a 
Circular Resolution, has approved the allotment of 1,71,792 (One Lakh Seventy -One 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety -Two) equity shares of face value ₹1/- each, to 
the eligible shareholders of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited whose names 
appeared in the Register of Members as on the Record Date, i.e., November 25, 2025.  
 
The equity shares so allotted shall rank pari -passu in all respects with the existing 
equity shares of the Company and shall be credited to the respective shareholders and 
listed on BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, subject to 
receipt of necessary approvals.  
 
In terms of the approved Scheme of Amalgamation, all equity shares of the Company to 
be allotted to the eligible shareholders of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited shall be 
issued only in dematerialized form.  
 
Further, as provided under the Scheme, a trust (VDCL Physical Shareholders Trust) has 
been created for eligible shareholders of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited who 
held shares in physical form as on the Record Date. Such shareholders may approach 
 
 
the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e. KFin Technologies Limited or the Company 
for credit of shares in dematerialized form upon completion of the due procedure and 
necessary verification.  
 
Additionally, in accordance with the Scheme, the fractional entitlements arising out of 
the said allotment have been consolidated and allotted to an Independent Trustee , 
appointed by the Board of Directors , viz. Catalyst Trusteeship Limited (“Trustee”). The 
Trustee shall dispose of such consolidated fractional entitlements in the open market 
and remit the proceeds thereof to the Company, which shall subsequently distribute the 
net proceeds to the eligible fractional shareholders in proportion to their respective 
fractional entitlements.  
 
Consequent to aforesaid allotment the issued, subscribed, and paid -up equity share 
capital of the Company has increased from ₹10,26,87,111/ - to ₹10,28,96,728 /-. 
 
Kindly take the same on record.   
 
Thanking You . 
 
Yours Faithfully , 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre  Limited  
 
 
 
Hansraj Singh  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No. F11438  
 
 
 