 
 
November 04 , 202 5 
 
To 
The Listing Department , To 
The Corporate Relations Department , 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  BSE Limited  
NSE Symbol : VIJAYA  BSE Scrip Code : 543350   
 
Dear Sir/Madam , 
 
Subject: Outcome of the Board Meeting held on  Tuesday , November  04, 2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 33 read with Regulation 30 of SEBI  (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations ”) as amended 
from time to time.  
 
We hereby inform you that, the Board of Directors at their meeting held today i.e. , on 
Tuesday , Novem ber 04 , 202 5, has inter -alia considered and noted/approved the 
following matters: - 
 
1. The Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the second  quarter and half year ended September  30, 202 5.  
 
2. The receipt of the certified true copy of the order dated 13th October 2025 passed by  
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad Bench, Hyderabad (“NCLT”) 
sanctioning the scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”) of Medinova Diagnostic 
Services Limited (“Transferor Company”) with and into Vijaya Diagnostic Centre 
Limited ("Transferee Company”) and its shareholders and creditors.  
 
3. Effective Date : - The effective date of the Scheme is Tuesday, 04th November 2025,  
being the date on which the certified true copy of the order passed by  NCLT 
sanctioning the Scheme is filed by both the Transferor and Transferee companies 
with the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad (“ROC”).  
 
Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme  on today i.e., Tuesday, 04th November 
2025, Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited shall stand automatically dissolved 
without winding -up and the offices of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and 
Statutory Auditors of Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited will stand vacated with 
effect from 04th November 2025.  
 
4. Appointed Date : - The appointed date as per the Scheme is 01st April 2024.  
 
 
 
5. Share Exchange Ratio : - The share exchange ratio as per the Scheme is as follows:  
 
“For every 22 (Twenty -Two) equity shares of face value of INR 10 (INR Ten only) each fully 
paid held in the Transferor Company as on the Record Date, the equity shareholders of the 
Transferor Company shall be issued 1 (One) equity share of face value of INR 1 (INR One 
only) each fully paid in the Transferee Company.”  
 
6. Record Date : - In consultation with the Transferor Company the record date for 
determining the shareholders of the Transferor Company to whom the shares in 
Transferee Company would be issued under the Scheme is Tuesday, 25th 
November 2025.  
 
7. Amendment to Memorandum of Association:  
 
Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Company stands increased to INR 230,500,000  (INR Twenty -Three Crore and Five 
Lakhs only) divided into 230,500,000 ( Twenty -Three  Crore and Five Lakhs) Equity 
Shares of face value of INR 1 (INR One) each . Subsequent to the reclassification and 
enhancement of the authorised share capital of the Transferee Company the 
authorised share capital clause of the Memorandum (Clause V) of the Transferee 
Company shall stand modified and read as follows:  
 
“The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is INR 230,500,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty 
Three Crore and Five Lakhs only) divided into 230,500,000 (Twenty Three Crore and Five 
Lakhs) Equity Shares of face value INR 1 (Indian Rupees One only) amounting to INR 
230,500,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Three Crore and Five Lakhs only) with a power to 
increase or reduce the capital of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and to classify or reclassify the Share Capital.”  
 
8. Cancellation of Share/Investment in Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited 
(Transferor Company):  
 
Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, all the Equity shares, held by the 
Transferee Company and its nominees , if any,  in the Transferor Company, shall be 
cancelled and extinguished.  
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company took note on record the 
cancellation of investment of 62,02,220 equity shares of face value of INR 10/ - each 
 
 
(Indian Rupees Ten only) (constituting i.e. 62.14% stake) held by the Transferee 
Company in accordance with Scheme of Amalgamation . 
 
9. Noting of  “Medinova Millennium MRI Services LLP’’ as the Wholly owned  
Subsidiary of the Company : 
 
Pursuant to the effectiveness of the Scheme, all the Assets and Liabilities of 
Transferor Company shall become Assets and Liabilities of the Transferee Company.  
 
Accordingly, the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Transferor Company i.e., “Medinova 
Millennium MRI Services LLP’’  shall become the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Transferee Company from the effective date i.e.  November 04, 2025.  
 
Details required to be disclosed under the SEBI Listing Regulations read with 
Master  Circular  No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155  dated 11th November 2024 
have been provided in Annexure – I to this letter.  
 
The Board Meeting commenced at 01:00 P.M.  and concluded at 02:15 P.M. (IST) . 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You.  
 
Yours Faithfully  
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre  Limited  
 
 
 
Hansraj Singh  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No. F11438  
 
Encl.: As above  
  
 
 
Annexure – I 
 
Details as per Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November 2024  
 
S. No.  Particulars  Details  
a.  Name of the target entity, 
details in brief such as size, 
turnover etc.  Medinova Millennium MRI Services LLP 
(“MRI LLP ”) 
 
For other details about the entity please refer 
point (j) below  
 
b.  Whether the acquisition would 
fall within related party 
transaction(s) and whether the 
promoter/ promoter group/ 
group companies have any 
interest in the entity being 
acquired? If yes, nature of 
interest and details thereof and 
whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length”  The proposed transaction is pursuant to the 
order dated 13th October 2025 passed by  Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad 
Bench, Hyderabad (“NCLT”) sanctioning the 
scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”) of 
Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited 
(“Transferor Company”) with and into Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre Limited ("Transferee 
Company”) and its shareholders and creditors.  
 
MRI LLP is the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Transferor Company,  and the Transferor 
Company is the Subsidiary Company of the 
Transferee Company.  
 
The aforesaid change in the status of MRI LLP  is 
within the group.  
c.  Industry to which the entity 
being acquired belongs  MRI LLP  belongs to the Healthcare Industry  
 
d.  Objects and impact of 
acquisition (including but not 
limited to, disclosure of reasons 
for acquisition of target entity, if 
its business is outside the main 
line of business of the listed 
entity)  The aforesaid change is in line with the Scheme 
of amalgamation and the order passed by the 
NCLT.  
e.  Brief details of any 
governmental or regulatory 
approvals required for the 
acquisition  No governmental or regulatory approvals 
required for this acquisition  
f.  Indicative time ‐period for 
completion of the acquisition  Not Applicable  
 
 
 
g.  Nature of consideration ‐ 
whether cash consideration or 
share swap and details of the 
same  Not Applicable  
 
h.  Cost of acquisition and/or the 
price at which the shares are 
acquired  Not Applicable  
i.  Percentage of shareholding / 
control acquired and / or 
number of shares acquired  100%  
j.  Brief background about the 
entity acquired in terms of 
products/line of business 
acquired, date of incorporation, 
history of last 3 years’ turnover, 
country in which the acquired 
entity has presence and any 
other significant information (in 
brief)  MRI LLP is the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of 
the Transferor Company and is into the business 
of healthcare services with its operations located 
in Kolkata, West Bengal.  
 
Date of Incorporation  – 21-11-2014  
 
LLPIN  - AAC -9556  
 
Registered Office address  - 1, Sarat Chatterjee 
Avenue, Ravindrasarobar Stadium Kolkata 
West Bengal 700029  
 
Total Obligatory Contribution - ₹ 5,00,00,000 /-  
 
Actual Contribution Received - ₹ 2,30,27,00 0/- 
 
Last Three Years Turnover (Approx.) –  
FY 202 4-25 - ₹ 2.36 Crores  
FY 202 3-24 - ₹ 2.49 Crores  
FY 202 2-23 - ₹ 2.27 Crores  
 
 