 
 
 
  
   
Viyash Scientific Limited  
(Formerly known as Sequent Scientific Limited)  
Registered Office:  
3rd Floor, Srivalli’s Corporate, Plot No.290,  Road No.6,  
Sy.No.33,  34P to 39,  Guttala Begumpet, J ubilee Hills , 
Hyderabad, Shaikpet , Telangana, India -500033  
T: +91 40 23635000 , E:info@viyash.com  
E: investorrelations@ sequent .in 
Website: www. sequent .in 
CIN: L99999TS1985PLC196357  
 
January  17, 2026  
To, 
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex,   
Mumbai - 400 001  Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
  
Scrip code: 512529  Scrip code: SEQUENT  
 
Subject:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI  Listing Regulations”)  
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations , we wish to 
inform that following the amalgamation of Symed  Labs Ltd  (“Symed”)  with Viyash Lifesciences Pvt . 
Ltd. (“Viyash ”) and, subsequently, Viyash's amalgamation with the Company pursuant to Composite 
Scheme of Amalgamation , and on the request of the Company, Crisil Limited (“ Crisil”)  has withdrawn 
the rating assigned to the various credit facilities availed by Symed in accordance with Crisil’s  policy on 
withdrawal of ratings. 
A copy of Crisil’s  Press Release dated January 16, 2026, as published on its website is enclosed herewith .  
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Viyash Scientific Limited  
(Formerly known as Sequent Scientific Limited)  
 
 Yoshita Vora Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Encl: As above  
  
Rating Action Rating Rationale 
January 16, 20261 Mumbai 
Symed Labs Limited 
Ratings Withdrawn Crisil 
Ratings 
n (Crisil A/Watch Developing) 
n (Crisil A1) 
Note: None of the Directors on Crisil Ratings Limited's Board are members of rating committee and thus do not participate in discussion or assignment of any ratings. 
The Board of Directors also does not discuss any ratings at its meetings . 
1 crore = 10 million 
Refer to Annexure for Details of Instruments & Bank Facilities 
Detailed Rationale 
Crisil Ratings has withdrawn its ratings on the bank facilities of Symed Labs Ltd (Symed), following the amalgamation of 
Symed with Viyash Lifesciences Pvt Ltd (Viyash) and, subsequently, Viyash's amalgamation with Sequent Scientific Ltd 
(Sequent). On November 27, 2025, the amalgamation of Symed with Viyash is deemed effective for Symed, and 
subsequently , on December 16, 2025, the amalgamation of Viyash with Sequent is deemed effective for Viyash-following 
the filing of the National Company Law Tribunal order dated November 18, 2025, Hyderabad Bench, sanctioning the 
scheme of arrangement , with the Registrar of Companies by Symed and Viyash respectively. Consequent to the 
amalgamation, Symed has ceased to exist. The withdrawal of ratings is in accordance with Crisil Ratings' policy on 
withdrawal of ratings. 
AnalY.tical AI;u~roach 
Crisil Ratings has applied its policy on withdrawal of ratings. 
About the ComP-anY. 
Incorporated in 1998 by Dr D Mohan Rao and Dr B Parthasaradi Reddy, Symed manufactures active pharmaceutical 
ingredients (APls). The company has a portfolio of about 50 APls across diverse therapeutic segments. It has four API 
plants and one research and development (R&D) centre (all in and around Hyderabad). All the plants are approved by the 
United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) and cater exclusively to the overseas markets. 
Global private equity firm, Carlyle-backed pharmaceutical company, Viyash, took a majority stake (74%) in Symed in July 
2021 and subsequently increased it to 100% in July 2024, post the acquisition of the balance stake held by Dr G Mohan 
Rao and Dr Parthasaradi Reddy, founders of Symed. Incorporated in 2019, the parent is a mid-tier API and formulations 
player. It has nine manufacturing facilities in India with a combined capacity of ~2,000 kilolitre and one formulation facility in 
the US. Most facilities are USFDA approved for APls or intermediates and can service both the regulated and semi­
regulated markets. Viyash was set up by Dr Hari Babu (erstwhile Global COO of Mylan and CEO of Mylan India) in 
partnership with Dr Srihari Raju Kalidindi (erstwhile Executive Director of Laurus Laboratories). 
Incorporated in 1985, SeQuent is a leading animal health pharmaceuticals company with a global footprint, presence in 
formulations and API segments across multiple markets and customers . SeQuent has seven manufacturing facilities 
globally, five R&D centres and presence in over 100 countries. Carlyle held ~53% stake in SeQuent as on March 31, 2025. 
Kev Financial Indicators lCrisil Ratinas-adiusted numbers\ 
Particulars Unit 2025 2024 
Revenue Rs.Crore 785 709 
Profit After Tax (PAT) Rs.Crore 120 101 
PAT Margin % 15.4 14.2 
Adjusted debt/adjusted networth Times 0.03 0.18 
Adjusted interest coverage Times 36.66 20.81 
AnY. other information: Not applicable 
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument: 
Crisil Ratings' complexity levels are assigned to various types of financial instruments and are included (where applicable) 
in the 'Annexure -Details of Instrument' in this Rating Rationale. 
Crisil Ratings will disclose complexity level for all securities -including those that are yet to be placed -based on available 
information . The complexity level for instruments may be updated, where required, in the rating rationale published 
subsequent to the issuance of the instrument when details on such features are available. 
For more details on the Crisil Ratings· complexity levels please visit www.crisilratings.com. Users may also call the 
Customer Service Helpdesk with queries on specific instruments. 
Annexure -Details of Instrument(§). 
------:, 
Name Of Date Of Coupon Maturity Issue Size Complexity Rating 
ISIN Outstanding with Instrument Allotment Rate(%) Date (Rs.Crore) Levels Outlook 
_:c ----' 
NA Cash Credit& L NA _J~ NA _IL NA JL 75.00 _JL NA Withdrawn J 
Foreign 11 J I I ][ ] NA Exchange NA NA NA 3.00 NA Withdrawn 
Forward 
NA Letter of Credit" NA ]-NA ][ NA ][ 20.00 JC NA ~[ Withdrawn J 
NA Working Capital NA NA NA ] 75.00 NA Withdrawn Demand Loan% 
NA Long Term Bank NA Facility 7-NA 71 NA 71 9.00 ][ NA Withdrawn J --& -Interchangeable with packing credit/packing credit in foreign currency 
" -Includes sub-limit for SBLC for buyers credit of Rs 20 crore and Bank guarantee of Rs 2 crore 
% -Includes sub-limit for export packing credit/packing credit in foreign currency of Rs 50 crore 
Annexure -Rating History for last 3 Years 
Instrument Type Current 
Outstanding 
Amount Rating 2026 (History) 
Date Rating Date 2025 71 2024 2023 
Rating Date Rating Date Rating 
Fund Based 
Facilities LT/ST 162.0 Withdrawn --20-10-25 A/Watch 29-10-24 A/Watch 04-08-23 Crisil L Crisil Crisil Crisil A1 / 
Developing Developing A/Stable 
~ 
-- --
-- --
--t-=-/ Crisil A1 / Crisil A1 --
23-07-
24-04-
24-01-Crisil 
25 A/Watch 
Developing 
/ Crisil A1 
Crisil 
25 A/Watch 
Developing 
/ Crisil A1 
Crisil 
25 A/Watch 
Developing 
/ Crisil A1 Start of 
2023 
Rating 
Crisil 
A/Stable 
Non-Fund 
Based Facilities ST 20.0 Withdrawn ~[ 20-10-25 Cris ii A 1 29-10-24 Crisil A 1 04-08-23 Cris ii A 1 Crisil A 1 
IL l --l --7l 23-07-25 Crisil A 1 ll --l l ---
II --IL 24-04-25 Crisil A 1 ~1 --] ---
II 
II -- --24-01-25 Crisil A1 II -- ---
All amounts are m Rs.Cr. 
Annexure -Details of Bank Lenders & Facilities l 
Facility Amount (Rs.Crore) lt Name of Lender 7 Rating ] C Cash Credit& 7L_ 75 __J[ Kotak ~f~~~:;a B;Jnk --
1 Foreign Exchange J~ 3 ~[ Kotak M~h~ndra Bank 1=== L__ Forward L__ ___J L1m1ted Withdrawn ~ 
Withdrawn =i 
l Letter of Credi( 71 20 [ Kotak Mahindra Bank I~ Withdrawn Limited 
I Long Term Bank Facility 9 [ Kotak Mahindra Bank I Withdrawn Limited 
Working Capital Demand 60 [ Kotak Mahindra Bank 1- Withdrawn Loan% Limited 
Working Capital Demand 15 11 Kotak Mahindra Bank Withdrawn ~ Loan% Limited ~ 
& -Interchangeable with packing credit/packing credit in foreign currency 
" -Includes sub-limit for SBLC for buyers credit of Rs 20 crore and Bank guarantee of Rs 2 crore 
% -Includes sub-limit for export packing credit/packing credit in foreign currency of Rs 50 crore 
Criteria Details 
Links to related criteria 
Basics of Rating§...(including default recognition . assessing information adeguacY.). 
Media Relations 
Ramkumar Uppara Analytical Contacts 
Anuj Sethi Customer Service Helpdesk 
Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm 
Media Relations 
Crisil Limited 
M: +91 98201 77907 
B: +91 22 6137 3000 
ramkumar.u1mara@crisil.com 
Kartik Behl 
Media Relations 
Crisil Limited 
M: +91 90043 33899 
B: +91226137 3000 
kartik.behl@crisil .com 
Divya Pillai 
Media Relations 
Crisil Limited 
M: +91 86573 53090 
B: +91 22 6137 3000 
di~a.gillai 1@ext-crisil.com Senior Director 
Crisil Ratings Limited 
D:+91446656 3108 
anuj.sethi@crisil .com 
Aditya Jhaver 
Director 
Crisil Ratings Limited 
D:+91 22 6137 3329 
adi!Y.a.jhaver@crisil .com 
Anuj Kabra 
Senior Rating Analyst 
Crisil Ratings Limited 
B:+91 22 6137 3000 
anuj.kabra@crisil .com 
For Analytical queries 
Toll Free Number: 1800 266 6550 
ratingsinvestordesk@crisil .com Toll Free Number: 1800 267 3850 
For a copy of Rationales / Rating Reports: 
CRISILratingdesk@crisil .com 
Note for Media: 
This rating rationale is transmitted to you for the sole purpose of dissemination through your newspaper/magazine/agency . The rating rationale may be 
used by you in full or in part without changing the meaning or context thereof but with due credit to Crisil Ratings. However, Crisil Ratings alone has the 
sole right of distribution (whether directly or indirectly) of its rationales for consideration or otherwise through any media including websites and portals. 
About Crisil Ratings Limited (A subsidiary of Crisil Limited, an S&P Global Company) 
Crisil Ratings pioneered the concept of credit rating in India in 1987. With a tradition of independence , analytical rigour and 
innovation , we set the standards in the credit rating business. We rate the entire range of debt instruments, such as bank loans, 
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, non-convertible/convertible/partially convertible bonds and debentures, perpetual 
bonds, bank hybrid capital instruments, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, partial guarantees and other structured 
debt instruments . We have rated over 33,000 large and mid-scale corporates and financial institutions . We have also instituted 
several innovations in India in the rating business, including ratings for municipal bonds, partially guaranteed instruments and 
infrastructure investment trusts (lnvlTs). 
Crisil Ratings Limited ('Crisil Ratings') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crisil Limited ('Crisil'). Crisil Ratings Limited is registered in 
India as a credit rating agency with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI"). 
For more information, visit www.crisilratings.com 
About Crisil Limited 
Crisil is a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better. 
It is India's foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions with a strong track record of growth, culture of 
innovation , and global footprint. 
It has delivered independent opinions, actionable insights, and efficient solutions to over 100,000 customers through businesses 
that operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore . 
It is majority owned by S&P Global Inc, a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and 
data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide . 
For more information, visit www.crisil.com 
Connect with us: TWITTER I LINKEDIN I YOUTUBE I FACEBOOK 
CRISIL PRIVACY NOTICE 
Crisil respects your privacy. We may use your contact information , such as your name, address and email id to fulfil your request and service your 
account and to provide you with additional information from Crisil. For further information on Crisil's privacy policy please visit www.crisil.com . 
DISCLAIMER 
This disclaimer is part of and applies to each credit rating report and/or credit rating rationale ('report') provided by Crisil Ratings 
Limited ('Crisil Ratings'). For the avoidance of doubt, the term 'report' includes the information, ratings and other content forming 
part of the report. The report is intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. This report does not constitute an offer of 
services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , nothing in the report is to be construed as Crisil Ratings provision or 
intention to provide any services in jurisdictions where Crisil Ratings does not have the necessary licenses and/or registration to 
carry out its business activities. Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between Crisil Ratings and the 
user. 
The report is a statement of opinion as on the date it is expressed, and it is not intended to and does not constitute investment 
advice within meaning of any laws or regulations (including US laws and regulations) . The report is not an offer to sell or an offer 
to purchase or subscribe to any investment in any securities, instruments, facilities or solicitation of any kind to enter into any 
deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. The recipients of the report should rely on their own judgment and 
take their own professional advice before acting on the report in any way. 
Crisil Ratings and its associates do not act as a fiduciary. The report is based on the information believed to be reliable as of the 
date it is published, Crisil Ratings does not perform an audit or undertake due diligence or independent verification of any 
information it receives and/or relies on for preparation of the report. THE REPORT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, CRISIL RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , 
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR-FREE , NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERRUPTION , SATISFACTORY QUALITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE. In no event shall Crisil Ratings, its associates, third-party 
providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, 
incidental , exemplary , compensatory , punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses 
(including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report 
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. 
The report is confidential information of Crisil Ratings and Crisil Ratings reserves all rights, titles and interest in the rating report. 
The report shall not be altered, disseminated, distributed, redistributed, licensed, sub-licensed , sold, assigned or published any 
content thereof or offer access to any third party without prior written consent of Crisil Ratings. 
Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains or its 
associates . Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by Crisil Ratings. Crisil Ratings may receive compensation 
for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or 
from obligors. 
Crisil Ratings has in place a ratings code of conduct and policies for managing conflict of interest. For more detail, please refer 
to: httRs://www.crisil.com/en/home/our-businesses/ratings/regulato[Y. -disclosures/highl ighted-Rolicies.html . Public ratings and 
analysis by Crisil Ratings, as are required to be disclosed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India regulations (and 
other applicable regulations , if any), are made available on its websites, www.crisilratings.com and 
httRs://www.ratingsanalyjica.com (free of charge). Crisil Ratings shall not have the obligation to update the information in the 
Crisil Ratings report following its publication although Crisil Ratings may disseminate its opinion and/or analysis. Reports with 
more detail and additional information may be available for subscription at a fee. Rating criteria by Crisil Ratings are available on 
the Crisil Ratings website, www.crisilratings .com. For the latest rating information on any company rated by Crisil Ratings, you 
may contact the Crisil Ratings desk at crisilratingdesk@crisil.com, or at (0091) 1800 267 3850. 
Crisil Ratings shall have no liability, whatsoever, with respect to any copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or 
extractions of any part of this [report/ work products], by any person, including by use of any generative artificial intelligence or 
other artificial intelligence and machine learning models, algorithms, software, or other tools. Crisil Ratings takes no 
responsibility for such unauthorized copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or extractions of its [report/ work 
products] and shall not be held liable for any errors, omissions of inaccuracies in such copies, modifications , derivative works, 
compilations or extractions . Such acts will also be in breach of Crisil Ratings' intellectual property rights or contrary to the laws of 
India and Crisil Ratings shall have the right to take appropriate actions, including legal actions against any such breach. 
Crisil Ratings uses the prefix 'PP-MLD' for the ratings of principal-protected market-linked debentures (PPMLD) with effect from 
November 1, 2011, to comply with the SEBI circular, "Guidelines for Issue and Listing of Structured Products/Market Linked 
Debentures" . The revision in rating symbols for PPMLDs should not be construed as a change in the rating of the subject 
instrument. For details on Crisil Ratings' use of 'PP-MLD' please refer to the notes to Rating scale for Debt Instruments and 
Structured Finance Instruments at the following link: httRs://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratinBs{credit-rating~ 
scale.html 