 
 
WLL/SEC/2026         May 19, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd.   
Department of Listing,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001, Maharashtra, India.  
(Scrip Code-514162) National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051,  Maharashtra, India. 
(Symbol: WELSPUNLIV) 
 
Subject: Board Resolution for Buyback of Equity Shares 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  Pursuant to Regulation 5(vii) of the Securiti es and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended, th e Board of Directors of the Company at its 
meeting held on Friday, May 15, 2026, approv ed the Buyback of fu lly paid up Equity 
shares of the Company by passing a resolution  in this regard. The Outcome of the said 
Board Meeting was intimated vide letter no. WLL/SEC/2026 dated May 15, 2026.   The copy of the board resolution passed by the Board of Directors as given above is enclosed herewith. This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. Yours faithfully , 
 
For Welspun Living Limited 
 
 
Shraddha Popat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 54561  
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF A R ESOLUTION PASSED BY THE BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS OF WELSPUN LIVING LIMITED AT ITS MEETING HELD ON 
FRIDAY, MAY 15, 2026 COMMENCED AT 10:30 A.M. HELD AT 7TH FLOOR, 
BOARD ROOM, WELSPUN HOUSE, KAM ALA MILLS COMPOUND, SENAPATI 
BAPAT MARG, LOWER PAREL, MUMBAI – 400013. 
 
Approval of Buyback of Equity Shares of the Company:  
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the Articles  of Association of the Company 
and the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 and all other applicable  provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 (the “ Share Capital Rules ”) and other relevant rules made thereunder, 
including any amendments, stat utory modifications or re-enactments thereof, for the 
time being in force and in compliance of th e Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“ Buyback Regulations ”), the 
Securities and Exchange Board of Indi a (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ Listing Regulations ”), the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of  S e c u r i t y  b y  a  P e r s o n  R e s i d e n t  o u t s i d e  
India) Regulations, 2017, as amended and subject to approval of the lenders and such 
other approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary and subject to any 
modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Ahmedabad 
(“ROC ”) and/ or other appropriate authorities or bodies corporate which the Board of 
Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which expression 
includes any committee constituted by the Bo ard to exercise its powers, including the 
powers conferred by this resolution (the “ Buyback Committee ”)) agreed and subject to 
such conditions and modificati ons as may be prescribed or imposed by such lenders, 
government, regulatory or statutory authorities, the consent of the Board be and is hereby accorded for buyback of upto 1,44,00,000 (One Crore Forty Four Lakhs) fully paid up equity shares of the face value of  Re. 1/- (Rupee One Only) each (hereinafter 
referred to as the “ Equity Shares ” or “ Shares ”) at a price of Rs. 175/- (Rupees One 
Hundred and Seventy Five Only) per fully paid-up Equity Share payable in cash (“Buyback Price ”) for a maximum amount not exceeding Rs. 252 Crore (Rupees Two 
Hundred and Fifty Two Crore Only) (“ Buyback Size ”), representing 6.52% & 5.65% of 
 
 
the paid-up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium 
account) of the Company, respectively, on audited standalone and consolidated basis, 
respectively as on March 31, 2026, being within  the 10% limit of paid-up up equity share 
capital and free reserves (including securities  premium account) of the Company, out of 
free reserves and/ or the securities prem ium account of the Company or such other 
source as may be permitted by the Buyb ack Regulations or the Act, from the 
shareholders of the Company, as on record  date i.e. Friday, May 22, 2026 (hereinafter 
referred to as the “the Record Date ”), on a proportionate basis through “Tender Offer” 
route as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations (the “ Buyback ”).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Size does not include any expenses 
incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback lik e filing fees payable to the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, brokerage, applic able taxes (such as income tax, buyback 
taxes, securities transaction tax, stamp duty  and goods and service tax), advisors’ fees, 
public announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other 
incidental and related expenses.   RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required by Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, 
the Company shall Buyback Equity Shares from the shareholders on a proportionate 
basis under the Tender Offer, provided that 15% of the number of Equity Shares which 
the Company proposes to buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders at the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be 
reserved for small shareholders, as de fined in the Buyback Regulations.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all of the shareholders of the Company who hold 
Equity Shares as on the Record Date shall be eligible to participate in the Buyback 
including promoters, promoter group and pe rsons in control of the Company who hold 
Equity Shares of the Company except an y shareholders who may be specifically 
prohibited under the Buyback Regula tions or other applicable law.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under Regulation 4 of the Buyback 
Regulations, the proposed Buyback of Equity  Shares shall be implemented from the 
existing shareholders as on the Record Date in a manner the Board may consider appropriate, from out of its free reserves and/or securities premium account of the 
 
 
Company and/or such other sources or by such mechanisms as may be permitted by 
applicable laws, and on such terms and cond itions as the Board may decide from time 
to time, and in the absolute discretion of the Board, as it may deem fit.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company has earmarked adequate resources of 
funds for the purpose of Buyback and the paym ent of the Buyback shall be made out of 
the Company’s current surplus and/or cash  balances and/or current investments 
and/or cash available from internal reso urces of the Company (and not from any 
borrowed funds) and on such terms and condit ions as the Board may decide from time 
to time at its absolute discretion.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback using the 
“Mechanism for acquisition of shares throug h Stock Exchange” notified by SEBI vide 
circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015, read with the circulars 
issued in relation thereto, includin g circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016, circular SEBI/HO/CF D/DCR-III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 
2021 and SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 08, 2023, including any further amendments or statutory modification s thereof for the time being in force and 
the Company shall approach the Stock Exchange (s), as may be required, for facilitating 
the same. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall not buy-back the locked-in Equity 
Shares or other specified securities and no n-transferable shares or other specified 
securities till the pendency of the lock-in or  till the Equity Shares or other specified 
securities become transferable.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from non-resident shareholders, Overseas 
Corporate Bodies (OCB’s), Foreign Institutio nal Investors, Foreign Portfolio Investors 
and shareholders of foreign nationality, if any,  shall be subject to such approvals, if and 
to the extent necessary or required from  concerned authorities including approvals 
from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 
and rules and regulations framed there under, if any, and that such approvals shall be 
required to be taken by such  shareholders themselves.  
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby takes on record the auditor report 
dated May 15, 2026 issued by S R B C & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory 
A u d i t o r  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y ,  a s  r e q u i r e d  u n d e r  c l a u s e  ( x i )  o f  S c h e d u l e  I  o f  t h e  B u y b a c k  
Regulations and placed before the Board for its noting. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback would be subject to the condition of 
maintaining minimum public shareholding requ irements as specified in Regulation 38 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “ Listing Regulations ”).  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company has complied and shall continue to 
comply with Section 70 of the Act, wherein:  
 (a) It shall not directly or indire ctly purchase its own shares: 
 (i) through a subsidiary company including its own subsidiary 
companies, if any; or  
(ii) through any investment compan y or group of investment 
companies.  
(b) There are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits or interest 
payment thereon, redemption of debe ntures or interest payment thereon 
or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any 
shareholder, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to 
any financial institution or banking comp any, in the last three years; and  
(c) The Company is in compliance with the provisions of Sections 92, 123, 127 
and 129 of the Act.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the proposed Buyback be implemented from the 
existing shareholders including the promot er(s) and promoter group of the Company 
(as have been disclosed under the sharehol ding pattern filings made by the Company 
from time to time under the Listing Regula tions and Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations 2011, as amended 
(“SEBI Takeover Regulations ”), from its free reserves and/ or surplus and/or securities 
premium account of the Company or such othe r sources or by such mechanisms as may 
 
 
be permitted by law, and on such terms an d conditions as the Board may decide from 
time to time, and in the absolute discretio n of the Board, as it may deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained hereinabove shall confer any right 
on the part of any shareholder to offer, or any obligation on the part of the Company or 
the Board to buyback any shares and/or impair any power of the Company or the 
Board to terminate any process in relation to  such Buyback if so permissible by law.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under the provisions of Section 68(6) of the 
Act read with Regulation 8 of  the Buyback Regulations, the draft of the Declaration of 
Solvency prepared in the prescribed form and supporting affidavit and other 
documents, placed before the meeting be and are hereby approved and that any two from Mr. Balkrishan Goenka, Chairman & Non-executive Non-Independent Director; 
Mr. Rajesh Mandawewala, Executive Vice Ch airman - Whole-time Director and  Ms. 
Dipali Goenka, Managing Director & CEO, be and are hereby jointly and severally 
authorized to sign the same, for and on beha lf of the Board and file the same with the 
ROC and SEBI in accordance with the applicable laws .  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a Buyback Committee comprising of Mr. Balkrishan 
Goenka, Chairman & Non-executive No n-Independent Director; Mr. Rajesh 
Mandawewala, Executive Vice Chairman - Whole-time Director, Ms. Dipali Goenka, 
Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Manish Bansal, Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company, be and is hereby constituted an d the powers of the Board in respect of 
Buyback be delegated to the Committee (“ Buyback Committee ”) and each member of 
the Buyback Committee be and is hereby severa lly authorized to do all such acts, deeds 
and things as may be necessary, expedient or  proper with regard to the implementation 
of the Buyback, including, but not limited to, the following:  
 
1. The initiating of all necessary action s for preparation and issue of public 
announcement, draft letter of offer, le tter of offer and related documents;  
 
2. The preparation, finalization and filing of  public announcement, draft letter of 
offer, letter of offer, related documents and also the certificates for declaration of 
 
 
solvency and other filings with the S EBI, ROC, the stock exchanges and other 
appropriate authority(ies), if any;   
3. Finalizing the terms of Buyback such as the entitlement ratio, the schedule of 
activities for Buyback including finalizing the date of opening and closing of Buyback, the timeframe for completion of the Buyback;   
4. To appoint solicitor(s), depository participant(s), escrow agent(s), advertising 
agency(ies) and other advisor(s)/consultan t(s) / intermediary(ies) / agency(ies), 
as may be required, for he implementati on of the Buyback and decide and settle 
the remuneration for such persons/ advisors/ consultants/ intermediaries/agencies including by th e payment of commission, brokerage, 
fee, charges etc;   
5. The making of all applications to the appropriate authorities for their requisite 
approvals;   
6. Earmarking and making arrangements fo r adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback;  
 
7. To enter into escrow arrangements and appoint escrow agents as required or 
desirable in terms of the Buyback Regula tions and to open, operate and close all 
necessary accounts including escrow a ccount, special payment account, demat 
escrow account as required or desirable in terms of the Buyback Regulations and 
to enter into escrow and other agreements with and to give instructions to the 
bankers in connection therewith, and provide bank guarantee(s) as may be 
required on such terms as deemed fit and to decide authorized signatories to such accounts including bank accounts and escrow accounts;  
 
8. To open, operate and close one or more  depository account/ trading account / 
buyer broker account and to open, operate and close special trading window 
account with the designated stock exch ange and to decide the authorized 
signatories for depository accoun t/trading account/buyer broker 
account/special trading window account; 
 
 
 
9. To determine, finalise and pay tax on Buyback, as applicable; 
 
10. To authorize bankers to act upon the instructions of the Merchant Banker as 
required under the Buyback Regulations;  
11. To carry out management discussion and an alysis on the likely impact of the Buy 
Back on the Company’s earnings, public  holdings, holdings of non-resident 
individuals, FIIs 
 
12. To initiate all necessary actions for preparation, signing, issuing and filing of the 
Public Announcement, Letter of Offer an d all other documents with respect to 
the Buyback with the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the stock exchanges and other appropriate authorities, as may be required; 
 
13. To settle all such questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to the 
implementation of the Buyback;   
14. To make all applications to the appropr iate authority(ies) for their requisite 
approvals including for approvals as may be required from the RBI under the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed there under, if any;   
15. To sign the documents as may be necessa ry with regard to the Buyback and to 
initiate all necessary actions for prepar ation and issue of various documents and 
such other undertakings, agreements, pa pers, documents and correspondence as 
may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, RBI, ROC, stock exchanges, depositories and/or  other appropriate authorities;  
 
16. To decide on designated stock exchange;  
 
17. To deal with stock exchanges (including th eir clearing corporations), and to sign, 
execute, and deliver such documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementing the Buyback using the “Mechanism for 
 
 
acquisition of shares through Stock Exch ange” notified by SEBI vide circular 
CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015, read with the circulars 
issued in relation thereto, includin g circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016, including any further amendments thereof;  
 
18. Extinguishment of dematerialized shar e and physical destruction of share 
certificates and certificates of extinguish ment required to be filed in connection 
with the Buyback on behalf of the Board;   
19. To obtain all necessary certificates and reports from the Statutory Auditors and 
other third parties as required under applicable law; 
 20. To make and file ‘Compliance Certific ate’ as required under the Buyback 
Regulations; 
 
21. To verify offer/acceptances received, to fi nalize basis of acceptance, to pay to the 
members consideration for shares boug ht back pursuant to the Buyback; 
 
22. To finalize basis of acceptance; 
 
23. To pay to the shareholders consideration for shares bought back pursuant to the 
Buyback;  
24. To issue rejection letters, if any; 
 
25. To file ‘Return of Buy-back’ with Regi strar of Companies and other statutory 
authorities;  
26. To give such directions as may be necessary or desirable and to settle any 
questions or difficulties whatsoever that may arise in relation to the Buy-back; 
 
27. To do all such acts, deeds, matters and thin gs as it may in its absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper; and/or   
 
 
28. To establish Investor Service Centre/s; 
 
29. To authorize the Merchant Banker, Regist rar or other agencies appointed for the 
purpose of Buy-back to carry ou t any of the above activities; 
 
30. Sign, execute and deliver such documents as may be necessary or desirable in 
connection with or incidental to the Buyback.  
31. To do all such acts as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient 
or proper for the implementa tion of the Buyback.  
 
The Company Secretary shall act as the Secretary to the Buyback Committee.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee be and is hereby authorised to 
do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem 
necessary, expedient or proper, to be in the best interest of the shareholders for the 
implementation of the Buyback, including but not limited to carrying out incidental 
documentation as also to make applications  to the appropriate authorities for their 
approvals and to initiate all necessary acti ons for preparation and issue of various 
documents, opening of accounts includin g public announcement, letter of offer, 
extinguishment of share certificates and ‘Cer tificate of Extinguishment' required to be 
filed in connection with the Buyback on  behalf of the Board and such other 
undertakings, agreements, papers, document s and correspondence as may be necessary 
for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, RBI, BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Limited, ROC, depositories and/or other authorities.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the quorum for a meeting of the Buyback Committee 
shall be presence of any two members and the Buyback Committee may regulate its own proceedings and meet as often as re quired, to discharge its functions.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee shall have the power and 
authority to delegate all or any of the auth orities conferred upon it to any officer(s) 
and/or representatives of the Company, in  order to give effect to the aforesaid 
 
 
resolutions and to revoke and substitute such  delegation / sub-delegation of authority 
from time to time.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information / material likely to have a bearing on 
the decision of investors has been suppresse d / withheld and/or incorporated in the 
manner that would amount to mis-statement/ misrepresentation and in the event of it 
transpiring at any point of time that an y information/material has been suppressed 
/withheld and/or amounts to a mis-statem ent / misrepresentation, the Board of 
Directors and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the 
Companies Act and the Buy-back Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the 
Buyback Committee be and is hereby authorized to accept and make any alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as it may deem necessary, concerning any 
aspect of the Buyback, in accordance with th e statutory requirements as well as to give 
such directions as may be necessary or desira ble, to settle any questions, difficulties or 
doubts that may arise and genera lly, to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, 
in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedi ent, usual or proper in relation to or in 
connection with or for matters consequential to the Buyback without seeking any further consent or approval of the shareholde rs or otherwise to the end and intent that 
they shall be deemed to have given their a pproval thereto expressly by the authority of 
this resolution. 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the projections of the Company placed before the 
Board are approved and as required by Cl ause (x) of Schedule I under Regulation 
5(iv)(b) of the Buyback Regulation, the Board confirms that it has made a full enquiry 
into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion:  
 
1. That immediately following the date of this Board meeting, there will be no 
grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts.  
 2. That as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the 
date of this Board meeting and having regard to the Board’s intentions with 
respect to the management of the Company’s business during that year and to 
 
 
the amount and character of the financia l resources, which will, in the Board’s 
view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company will be able to 
meet its liabilities as and when they fa ll due and will not be rendered insolvent 
within a period of one year from the date of this Board Meeting.  
 
3. In forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities 
as if the Company is being wound up under the provisions of the Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (i ncluding prospective and contingent 
liabilities).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that:  
 1. All the equity shares for Buyback are fully paid-up;  
 
2. The Company shall not issue and allot an y Equity Shares including by way of 
bonus or convert any outstanding employ ee stock ownership plans /outstanding 
instruments into Equity Shares, till the date of payment to shareholders for shares bought back under this Buyback;  
 
3. The Company shall not withdr aw the Buy-back after the letter of offer is filed 
with SEBI or the public announcement of the offer for the Buy-back is made; 
 4. The Company, as per provisions of Sect ion 68(8) of the Companies Act 2013, shall 
not make a further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including 
allotment of new shares under clause (a) of sub-section (1) of section 62 or other 
specified securities within a period of six months from completion of buyback 
except by way of a bonus issue or in the discharge of subsisti ng obligations such 
as conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of 
preference shares or debentures into equity shares;  
 
5. The Company shall not Buy-back out of th e proceeds of an earlier issue of the 
same kind of shares or same kind of other specified securities; 
 
6. the consideration for the Buyback shall be  paid by the Company only in cash; 
 
 
 
7. The Company shall transfer from its fr ee reserves a sum equal to the nominal 
value of the Equity shares purchased through the Buy-back to the Capital 
Redemption Reserve Account and the details  of such transfer shall be disclosed 
in its subsequent audited financial statements; 
 8. The Company, as per provisions of 24(i )(f) of Buyback Regulations, shall not 
raise further capital for a period of one year from the date of completion of payment to shareholders under this buybac k except in discharge of its subsisting 
obligations;  
 9. The Company shall not Buyback locked-in Equity Shares and non-transferable 
Equity Shares till the pendency of the lo ck-in or till the Equity Shares become 
transferable;  
 
10. The Company shall not Buyback its shares  from any person through negotiated 
deal whether on or off the stock exchan ges or through spot transactions or 
through any private arrangement in th e implementation of the Buyback;  
 
11. There are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of deposits or interest payment 
thereon, redemption of debentures or interest payment thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend  due to any shareholder, or repayment 
of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institutions or banking companies;  
 
12. The Company shall not directly or indirect ly purchase its Equity Shares through 
any subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment company or group of investment companies; 
 
13. the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of 
funds for the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations; 
 
 
 
14. Funds borrowed from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the 
Buyback;  
 
15. The maximum amount of the Buyback i.e. Rs. 252 Crore (Rupees Two Hundred 
and Fifty Two Crore Only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate paid-up Equity Share capital and free reserves (including  securities premium account) of the 
Company as per latest audited balance sheet as on March 31, 2026 on standalone and consolidated basis;  
 
16. The maximum number of shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback 
1,40,00,000  (One Crore Forty Lakhs), does not exceed 25% of the total number of fully paid up Equity Shares in the fully  paid-up Equity Share capital as per the 
audited balance sheet as on March 31, 2026;  
 
17. The Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year 
reckoned from the date of closure of the Buyback Period;  
 18. The Buyback shall not result in delisting  of the Equity Shares from the Stock 
Exchanges; 
 
19. The public shareholding post buyback shall not fall below the minimum level 
required as per Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations;  
 20. There is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or 
arrangement pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, as on date;  
 
21. the Company is in compliance with the pr ovisions of Sections 92, 123, 127 and 
129 of the Act; 
 
22. the Company shall ensure consequent redu ction of its share capital post Buyback 
and the Equity Shares bought back by  the Company will be extinguished and 
physically destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback 
Regulations and the Companies Act within the specified timelinesand will not be held for reissuance  
 
 
 
23. as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Bu yback Regulations, the promoters and 
members of promoter group, and their a ssociates, other than the Company, shall 
not deal in the Equity Shares or other sp ecified securities of the Company either 
through the stock exchanges or off-marke t transactions (including inter se 
transfer of Equity Shares) among the promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the this board resolution approving the Buyback till the 
closing of the Buyback offer; 
 
24. As per Regulation 5(i)(c) and Schedule I(x ii) of the SEBI Buy-Back Regulations, it 
is confirmed that there is no breach of  any covenants of the loans taken. The 
consortium of lenders have confirmed th e same in the consortium meeting held 
on May 15, 2026; and 
 
25. That the ratio of the aggregate of se cured and unsecured debts owed by the 
Company shall not be more than twice the paid-up equity share capital and free reserves (including securities premium ac count) after the Buyback, based on the 
latest available, audited standalone and consolidated financials of the Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount.”  
 
RESOLVED THAT approval of the Board be and is hereby accorded for fixing Friday, 
May 22, 2026 as the Record Date for ascertaini ng the eligibility of the Shareholders to 
participate in the Buyback of equity shares of the Company. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in compliance with Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buyback of Securities) Regulation  2018, DAM Capital Advisors Limited (“ DAM 
Capital ”), Merchant Bankers be and is hereby appointed as the Mana ger to the Buyback 
and also the Company broker for the proposed buyback transaction at such 
remuneration as mutually agreed with DAM Capital.   RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in compliance with Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations 2018, Link Intime India Private Limited be 
and is hereby appointed as the Registrar fo r the proposed buyback transaction at such 
remuneration as mutually agreed.  
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall maintain a register of shares bought 
back wherein details of equity shares boug ht back, consideration paid for the equity 
shares bought back, date of cancellation of equity shares and date of extinguishing and 
physically destroying of equity shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, 
shall be entered and that the Company Secr etary of the Company be and is hereby 
authorised to authenticate the entries made in the said register.   RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Director(s) of the Company and Company 
Secretary, be and are hereby severally auth orized to file necessary e-forms with the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs / ROC, SEBI , stock exchanges and any other statutory 
authority and to do all such acts, deeds and th ings as may be necessary to give effect to 
the above resolutions.  
Compliance Officer for the purpose of Buyback  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the Buyback Regulations, Ms. Shraddha 
Popat, Company Secretary, be and is here by appointed as the Compliance Officer for 
the Buyback.”  
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY 
For Welspun Living Limited 
  
 
Shraddha Popat Company Secretary ACS: 54561 
 
Date: May 19, 2026 Place: Mumbai 
 