 
  
 
 
May 25, 2026  
 
The Manager –  Listing  
BSE Limited    
(BSE: 507685)                                                                   
 
The Manager –  Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
(NSE: WIPRO)  
 
The Market Operations,                        
NYSE, New York                                                                                   
(NYSE: WIT)                                                 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure of Press Release under Regulation 30 (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Further to our intimations dated April 16, 2026 and May 21, 2026, informing the stock 
exchanges that the Board of Directors and shareholders of Wipro Limited (the “ Company ”), 
respectively, have approved a  proposal for buyback of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully 
paid- up equity shares of face value of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only)  each (the “ Equity Share”) of 
the Company at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per E quity Share 
payable in cash for an aggregate amount of up to ₹1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen 
Thousand Crore only) on a proportionate basis through the tender offer process , please find 
attached a copy of the press release titled “Wipro issues Public Announcement Regarding 
Buyback Offer ” issued  pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations.  
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Wipro Limited  
 
 
M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary  
 
ENCL: As above.  
  
    
Wipro issues Public Announcement Regarding Buyback Offer 
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J. | BENGALURU, India –  May 25, 2026 : On May 25, 2026 , Wipro Limited 
(NYSE:WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) (the “Company”), a leading AI -powered technology services 
and consulting company, issued a public announcement in India (“Public Announcement”) providing 
further details regarding the buyback (“Buyback”) by the Company of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore ) 
fully paid -up equity shares of face value ₹  2/- (Rupees Two only) each of the Company ( the “Equity 
Shares”) representing up to 5.72 % of the total number of Equity Shares in the existing total paid- up 
Equity Share capital of the Company at a price of ₹  250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per 
Equity Share (US$ 2.711) (the “Buyback Price”) payable in cash for an aggregate amount of up to ₹  
1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore  only) (“Buyback Size”). The Buyback Size 
represents 24.99% and 19 .99% of the aggregate of the Company’s fully paid -up Equity Share capital 
and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on March 31, 2026 , respectively .  
The Buyback will be conducted on a proportionate basis through the “tender offer” route as prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2023, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (to the 
extent applicable), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of Securities) Regulations, 
2018, as amended, and the Indian Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time (the “Buyback 
Regulations”) , and rules made thereunder, including any statutory modifications or re -enactments 
thereof, from all holders of Equity Shares who hold Equity Shares as of June 5, 2026 , the record date 
for the Buyback (the “Record Date”). The Buyback Size does not include any transaction costs viz. 
brokerage, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax , goods and service tax , stamp duty, 
expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, advisors/legal fees, public announcement publication expenses , printing and 
dispatch and other incidental and related expenses, etc.  
The Company’s American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”), each representing one Equity Share, 
evidenced by American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”), are traded in the United States (“ U.S.”) on the 
New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “WIT”. In order for a holder of ADSs to 
participate in the Buyback, such holder will need to become a direct shareholder of the Company prior 
to the Record Date. To have the chance to become a direct shareholder of the Company prior to the 
Record Date, holders of ADSs  will need to submit their ADSs to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A ., as ADS 
Depositary (the “Depositary”) for cancellation and withdrawing the underlying Equity Shares, no later 
than 12:00 noon New York City time on June 2 , 2026  (the “Cancellation Deadline”) so that they are 
holders of Equity Shares as of the Record Date.  
 
 
1 The U.S. dollar amounts are for illustrative purposes only and are based on the exchange rate of ₹92.25/$1 as of April 8, 
2026 (Source: http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h10/hist/dat00_in.htm).  

2Based on the exchange rate of ₹92.25 /$1 as of April 08, 2026  (Source : 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h10/hist/dat00_in.htm   I
n order to cancel ADSs, holders of ADSs must comply with all of the provisions governing the ADSs 
related thereto (including without limitation, payment of all fees, charges and expenses owing) no later 
than the Cancellation Deadline and, prior to the Record Date, will also need to establish a brokerage 
account in India that is a depository receipt (“DR”) type demat account in order to receive the withdrawn 
Equity Shares. Equity Shares may only be delivered to a DR type demat account. Such holders will 
then be able to tender the Equity Shares in the Buyback in accordance with the terms of the Buyback. 
Holders of ADSs have received, through the Notice of Postal Ballot sent to all holders of Equity Shares, 
including ADS holders, on April 21 , 2026. On April 21, 2026 , the Company also made available on its 
website a notice to holders of ADSs of the Buyback and information regarding surrendering the ADSs 
to the Depositary for cancellation and withdrawing the underlying Equity Shares so that they can 
participate in the Buyback and a notice to holders of ADSs concerning certain tax disclosures (the 
“ADS Notices”). As stated in the ADS Notices, holders of ADSs should note that they may not have 
sufficient time to establish a brokerage account in India such that they are able to tender Equity Shares 
and participate in the Buyback. The Depositary will not assist in establishing accounts in India nor will 
it assist holders in complying with the terms of the Buyback. If an ADS holder withdraws the underlying 
Equity Shares, such holder will not be able to re- deposit their Equity Shares into the ADR program and 
receive ADSs in return, regardless of whether such holder participates in the Buyback. Equity Shares 
are not listed on, and cannot be sold on, a U.S. exchange. Holders of ADSs who decide to withdraw 
the underlying Equity Shares will be responsible for any related taxes, duties and fees, including fees 
payable to the Depositary to cancel the ADSs.  Each investor, including holders of ADSs, should 
consult its own tax advisor with respect to the U.S. Federal, State and local and non- U.S. tax 
consequences of participating in the Buyback. 
Holders of ADSs are advised to review the current trading price of ADSs on the NYSE, the current 
trading price of the Equity Shares on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( “NSE”) and BSE 
Limited ( “BSE” ), and the Buyback Price prior to surrendering the ADSs for cancellation and withdrawing 
any Equity Shares. The Buyback Price is at  a 15.22% and 26. 67% premium to the volume weighted 
average market price of an ADS on the NYSE for the 60 and 10 trading days, respectively, preceding 
the date of notice to NSE and BSE of the board meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback, i.e., 
April 9, 20262. The Buyback Price will be paid in Indian Rupees, therefore, holders of ADSs should 
also review foreign exchange rates in effect prior to making any decisions regarding the withdrawal of Equity Shares underlying the ADSs and participating in the Buyback. In addition, shareholders who 
intend to participate in the Buyback should consult with their stockbrokers regarding any costs, charges 
and expenses (including brokerage) that may be required by the stockbroker for participating in the 
Buyback (secondary market transaction). The Buyback consideration received by selling shareholders 
in respect of accepted Equity Shares could be net of such costs, charges, withholding taxes (if any), 
securities transaction tax,  goods and services tax,  stamp duty and expenses (including brokerage). 
Selling shareholders will be responsible for all such costs, charges and expenses.
The Public Announcement published in India on May  25, 2026 and supplemental information regarding 
the participation in the Buyback by holders of ADSs are posted on the Company’s website at  
https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/   and are available on the website of the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at  www.sec.gov , generally on Form CB or Form 6- K. Such documents 
contain important additional information about the Buyback and related matters. Holders of ADSs are 
strongly encouraged to read such documents and consult with their financial and tax advisors prior to determining to submit their ADSs to the Depositary for cancellation and withdrawing the underlying 
Equity Shares.  
The 
complete terms and conditions of the Buyback will be contained in the Letter of Offer which is 
expected to be mailed to holders of Equity Shares as of the Record Date after receipt of all necessary 
approvals. The Letter of Offer will also be available on www.wipro.com.  
If you have any questions regarding an Equity Share withdrawal or the Buyback, please call the Company at +91- 80-2844 0011 or send an e -mail to corp -secretarial@wipro.com . 
Persons holding ADSs through a bank, broker or other nominee should contact such bank, broker or nominee with any questions they may have related to such cancellation procedures. Registered 
holders of ADRs may, however, contact the Depositary about the procedure related to the cancellation 
of their ADSs. Please do not contact the Depositary regarding the Buyback.  
Special Notice to S ecurityholders in the United States  
The Buyback is being made for securities of an Indian company and is subject to the laws of India. It 
is important for U.S. securities holders to be aware that the Buyback is subject to tender offer laws and 
regulations in India that are different from those in the U.S. and documents related to the Buyback will 
be prepared in accordance with Indian format and style, which differs from customary U.S. format and style. Certain of the U.S. federal securities laws apply to the Buyback as there are U.S. holders of 
Equity Shares and ADSs. The Buyback is being treated in the U.S. as one to which the “Tier I” 
exemption set forth in Rule 13e- 4(h)(8) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
is applicable.  
About Wipro Limited 
Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading AI -powered technology services 
and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients’ most complex 
digital transformation needs. Leveraging our consulting- led approach and the Wipro Intelligence™ 
unified suite of AI -powered platforms, solutions and transformative offerings, we help clients realize 
their boldest ambitions to build intelligent and sustainable businesses. The Wipro Innovation Network –part of the Wi pro Intelligence™ suite – underpins our commitment to client -centric co -innovation and
co-creation by bringing together capabilities from the innovation labs and partner labs, academia, a
nd
gl
obal tech communities. With over 240,000 employees and business partners across 65 countries,
we deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever -
changing world. For additional information, visit us at www.wipro.com .
Media Contact:  
Wipro Media Relations  
media- relations@wipro.com  Dinesh Joshi   
dinesh.joshi@wipro.com  
Forward -Looking Statements  
The forward- looking statements contained herein represent Wipro’s beliefs regarding future events, many of 
which are by their nature, inherently uncertain and outside Wipro’s control. Such statements include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the Buyback process, our ability to complete the Buyback, including with respect 
to our compliance with the Buyback Regulations, tax treatment and consequences related to the Buyback , and 
our plans, expectations and intentions. Wipro cautions readers that the forward looking statements contained 
herein are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks and 
uncertainties regarding fluctuations in our earnings, revenue and profits, our ability to generate and manage 
growth, complete proposed corporate actions, intense competition in IT services, our ability to maintain our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and cost overruns on fixed- price, fixed -time frame contracts, client concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to 
manage our international operations, reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication networks, our ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for 
damages on our service contracts, the success of the companies in which we make strategic investments, 
withdrawal of fiscal governmental incentives, political instability, war, legal restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, unauthorized use of our intellectual property and general economic conditions affecting our business and industry.  
Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the SEC , 
including, but not limited to, Annual Reports on Form 20- F. These filings are available at www.sec.gov  .We may, 
from time to time, make additional written and oral forward- looking statements, including statements contained 
in the company’s filings with the SEC and our reports to shareholders. We do not undertake to update any 
forward- looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf . 