 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 2 , 2025  
 
The Manager - Listing  
BSE Limited  
(BSE: 507685)  
 
The Manager - Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(NSE: WIPRO)  
 The Market Operations,  
NYSE, New York  
(NYSE: WIT)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is informed that merger of Wipro Digital Inc., 
(wholly -owned subsidiary) with Harman Connected Services, Inc . (step -down subsidiary) is completed 
and is effective from December 1, 2025 .  
 
The details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with relevant SEBI Circulars are provided in Annexure -A. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you.  
For Wipro Limited  
  
 
 
 
M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary  
 ENCL: As above  
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure -A 
 
Details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with relevant SEBI Circulars  
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a) name of the entity(ies ) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief  such  as, 
size, turnover etc.;    Wipro Digital Inc.  
Turnover:  NIL 
 
Harman Connected Services, Inc.  
Turnover:  USD 223,538,898 (as on 
December 31, 2024)  
 
b) whether  the transaction  would  fall within  
related party  transactions? If yes, whether  the 
same is done at “arm’s length”;    Not applicable  
c)  
area of business  of the entity(ies);  Wipro Digital Inc. - Information Technology 
services.  
 
Harman Connected Services, Inc.  - 
Information Technology (IT) and 
Engineering, Research & Development 
(ER&D) services.  
 
d)  rationale  for amalgamation/  merger;  To rationalize  and consolidate  the group 
structure of the Company  
 
e) in case  of cash  consideration  - amount  or 
otherwise share exchange ratio;  Not applicable  
f) brief details  of change  in shareholding  pattern  
(if any) of listed  entity  Not applicable  
 