 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 3,  2026  
 
The Manager - Listing  
BSE Limited  
(BSE: 507685)  
 
The Manager - Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(NSE: WIPRO)  
 The Market Operations,  
NYSE, New York  
(NYSE: WIT)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is informed that merger of Wipro VLSI Design 
Services, LLC (step-down subsidiary ) into Wipro IT Services, LLC (step-down subsidiary ) is completed 
and is effective from  October 1, 2026  (Eastern Time) . The Company received intimation to this effect 
on October 3 , 2026.  
 
The details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with relevant SEBI Circulars are provided in Annexure -A. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you.  
For Wipro Limited  
 
 
 
 
M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary  
 ENCL: As above  
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure -A 
 
Details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with relevant SEBI Circulars  
 
Sl. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a) name of the entity(ies ) forming part of the 
amalgamation/merger, details in brief  
such  as, size, turnover etc.;  Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC  
Turnover:  USD 1,043,971 
(as on March 31, 202 6) 
 
Wipro IT Services, LLC  
Turnover:  NIL 
(as on  March  31, 202 6) 
 
b) whether  the transaction  would  fall within  
related party  transactions? If yes, whether  
the same is done at “arm’s length”;  
 Not applicable  
c)  
area of business  of the entity(ies);  Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC : 
Engaged in VLSI design, verification, physical and 
analog design, FPGA, and product engineering 
services for the semiconductor and technology 
industries.  
 
Wipro IT Services, LLC : 
Engaged in the business of providing software 
development services.   
 
d)  rationale  for amalgamation/  merger;  The transaction has been undertaken with the 
intention to  rationalize and consolidate the 
overall group structure.  
 
e) in case  of cash  consideration  - amount  
or otherwise share exchange ratio;  
 Not applicable  
f) brief details  of change  in shareholding  
pattern (if any) of listed  entity  
 Not applicable  
 