 
 
 
 
 
 
June 9,  2026  
 
The Manager –  Listing  
BSE Limited    
(BSE: 507685)                                                                   
 
The Manager –  Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
(NSE: WIPRO)  
 The Market Operations,                        
NYSE, New York                                                                                   
(NYSE: WIT)                                                
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 Sub: Updates regarding the buyback of up  to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully paid  up 
Equity Shares of the Company of face value of ₹ 2/- (Rupees Two only) each at a price 
of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty Only) per Equity Share (“Buyback”)  
 Further to our letter dated May 25, 2026, we are enclosing herewith copy of the Letter of Offer 
and Tender Form in relation to the Buyback. The Letter of Offer and Tender Form will also be 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/.  
 This is for your information and records.  
 Thanking you,  
 
For Wipro Limited  
 
  M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary  
 
ENCL: As above 
 
 
  
 
1 p 
LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION  
 
This Letter of Offer  (as defined below)  is being sent to you as an Eligible Shareholder (as defined below) of Wipro Limited (the “ Company ”) in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations  (as defined below). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you should consult your Stock Broker (as defined below) or your investment 
consultant or the Manager to the Buyback i.e. JM Financial Limited or the Registrar to the Buyback, i.e., KFin Technologies Limited.  
 
Please refer to the “ Definitions ” section of this Letter of Offer for the definitions of capitali sed terms used herein . 
 
 
WIPRO LIMITED  
Registered Office and Correspondence Address : Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560 035, India.  
E-mail: corp-secretarial@wipro.com ; Website : www.wipro.com  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L32102KA1945PLC020800  
Contact Person : Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Company Secretary;  
Tel. No .: +91 80 2844 0011  
E-mail: sanaulla.khan@wipro.com   
OFFER TO BUYBACK UP TO 60,00,00,000 (SIXTY CRORE ) FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF THE FACE VALUE OF ₹ 2/- (RUPEES TWO ONLY) EACH OF THE 
COMPANY (“EQUITY SHARES”), REPRESENTING 5.72% OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES IN THE PAID -UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF THE 
COMPANY, FROM ALL THE ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS (AS DEFINED BELOW) OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE RECORD DATE WHICH IS  FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 202 6 
ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS, THROUGH THE TENDER OFFER (AS DEFINED BELOW) ROUTE, AT A PRICE OF ₹  250/- (RUPEES TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY 
ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE PAYABLE IN CASH FOR AN AGGREGATE CONSIDERATION OF ₹  1,50,00,00,00,000  (RUPEES FIFTEEN THOUSAND CRORE ONLY) (THE 
“BUYBACK”).  
1. The Buyback is in accordance with Article 8.2 of the Articles (as defined below), Sections 68, 69, 70 , 108  and 110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act (as defined below), the SCD Rules (as defined below), Rule 22 of the Management Rules (as defined below), to th e extent applicable, and in compliance 
with the Buyback Regulations an d subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary, and subject to any 
modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities as may be req uired u nder applicable laws.  
2. The Buyback Size (as defined below) represents 2 4.99% and 1 9.99% of the aggregate of the fully paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as  of March 31, 202 6, respectively, and is within the statutory limit of 25% of the aggregate total paid -
up capital and free reserves of the Company, based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements of the Co mpany, whichever is lower as per applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations.  
3. A copy of the Public Announcement (as defined below), and this Letter of Offer (including the Tender Form) will also be available on the websites of the Company, the 
SEBI (as defined below) , the Registrar  (as defined below)  the Stock Exchanges (as defined below) and the Manager (as defined below) at 
https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ , https://www.sebi.gov.in , https://karisma.kfintech.com , www.bseindia.com , www.nseindia.com  and www.jmfl.com , respectively.  
4. The Letter of Offer is electronically sent to  all the registered equity shareholders of the Company as on the Record Date, i.e. Friday, June 5, 2026 (the “ Eligible 
Shareholders ”) in accordance with the Buyback Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable. Further, in terms of  Regulation 9(ii) of the 
Buyback Regulations, if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of  the Letter of Offer in physical form, the same shall be 
provided.  
5. The procedure for tendering and settlement is set out in paragraph  21 on page 53 of this Letter of Offer. The Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement (the Tender  
Form ) is enclosed together w ith this Letter of Offer.  
6. For mode of payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders, please refer to paragraph 21.23 on page 59 of this Letter of Offer.  
7. Eligible Shareholders are advised to refer to “Details of the Statutory Approvals” (paragraph 1 8 on page 46) and “Note on Taxation” (paragraph 22 on page 60) before 
tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
JM Financial Limited  
7th Floor, Cnergy,  
Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi,  
Mumbai – 400025, Maharashtra, India  
Tel. No.: +91 22 6630 3030; +91 22 6630 3262  
Fax: +91 22 6630 3330  
Email: wipro.buyback2026@jmfl.com  
Website: www.jmfl.com  
Contact Person: Ms. Prachee Dhuri  
SEBI Regn. No.: INM000010361  
Validity Period:  Permanent  
Corporate Identification Number: L67120MH1986PLC038784   
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium Building, Tower -B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally, Hyderabad , Rangareddy, Telangana - 500 032, India  
Tel. No.: +91 40 67162222  
Email:  wipro.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Contact Person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Fax No. : +91 40 6716 1563  
Toll Free No.: 18003094001  
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Regn. No.: INR000000221  
Validity Period:  Permanent  
Corporate Identificatio n Number : L72400MH2017PLC444072  
BUYBACK PROGRAMME  
BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 2026  
BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 2026   
LAST DATE AND TIME FOR RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND 
OTHER SPECIFIC DOCUMENTS BY THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ON OR BEFORE 5:00 PM IST, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 2026   
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT  
CATEGORY OF ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  Ratio of Buyback (i.e. Buyback Entitlement)*  
RESERVED CATEGORY FOR SMALL SHAREHOLDERS  11 Equity Share for every 56 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
GENERAL CATEGORY FOR ALL OTHER ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  10 Equity Share for every 197 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
* For further information on Ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each Category,  please refer paragraph 20.5 on page 48 of the Letter of Offer.  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS 
GIVEN BELOW:  
1) Click on https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx  
2) Select the name of the Company – ‘Wipro Limited – Buyback 202 6’ 
3) Select the option ‘Physical or NSDL or CDSL ’ 
4) Based on the  option selected above, enter your ‘DPID CLID’ or ‘Folio Number’  
5) A table will be displayed setting out the Folio, Name and Action. Click on ‘View’ tab under the Action column  
6) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’  
 
  

 
2 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITI ES ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 4 
2. DEFINITION OF KEY TE RMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ . 5 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  8 
4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTI ON PASSED AT THE MEE TING OF THE BOARD OF  
DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  10 
5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLI C ANNOUNCEMENT  ................................ ................................ ... 19 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBA CK ................................ ................................ ...............................  19 
7. INTENTION OF THE PRO MOTER AND PROMOTER G ROUP AND PERSONS IN 
CONTROL  OF THE COMPANY TO P ARTICIPATE IN BUYBAC K ................................ ..... 22 
8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BU YBACK  ................................ ................................ .......................  27 
9. NECESSITY OF THE BUY BACK  ................................ ................................ ..........................  27 
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSIO N AND ANALYSIS OF TH E LIKELY IMPACT OF T HE 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPA NY ................................ ................................ ............................  27 
11. BASIS OF CALCULATING  THE BUYBACK PRICE  ................................ ............................  29 
12. SOURCES OF FUNDS F OR THE BUYBACK ................................ ................................ ....... 30 
13. DETAILS OF THE ESCRO W ACCOUNT AND THE AM OUNT DEPOSITED THERE IN ..... 30 
14. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AN D SHAREHOLDING PATTE RN ................................ ................  31 
15. BRIEF INFORMATION OF  THE COMPANY  ................................ ................................ .........  34 
16. FINANCIAL INFORMATIO N ABOUT THE COMPANY  ................................ ........................  43 
17. STOCK MARKET DATA  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  45 
18. DETAILS OF THE STATU TORY APPROVALS ................................ ................................ .... 46 
19. DETAILS OF THE REGIS TRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTR ES ....... 47 
20. PROCESS AND METHODOL OGY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ....................  48 
21. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER  OFFER AND SETTLEMEN T ................................ .................  53 
22. NOTE ON TAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  60 
23. DECLARATION BY THE B OARD OF DIRECTORS  ................................ .............................  69 
24. AUDITORS CERTIFICATE  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 70 
25. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPEC TION  ................................ ................................ .........................  73 
26. DETAILS OF THE COMPL IANCE OFFICER  ................................ ................................ ........  73 
27. DETAILS OF THE REMED IES AVAILABLE TO THE  EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS / 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  73 
28. DETAILS OF INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE  ................................ ................................ ...... 74 
29. DETAILS OF THE MANAG ER TO TH E BUYBACK  ................................ .............................  74 
30. DECLARATION BY THE D IRECTORS REGARDING A UTHENTICITY OF THE 
INFORMATION IN THIS LETTER OF OFFER.  ................................ ................................ ..... 75 
31. OFFER FORM  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  75 
 
3 Summary of the Buyback Process for Eligible Sharehold ers 
Receipt of Tender 
form   • The Letter of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback as well 
as the detailed disclosures as specified in the Buyback Regulations, will be sent 
through electronic means to all the Eligible Shareholders who have  registered 
their email IDs with the Depositories  (as defined below) / the Company.  Further, 
if the Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder s who have not 
registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company for a physical  copy 
of the Letter of Offer/  Tender Form, the same shall be provided  by speed post/ 
courier . 
• If the Eligible Shareholder does not receive the Tender Form for any reason, 
then the same  can be download ed from the link  
https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ . 
• The Eligible Shareholder may also approach and request KFin Technologies 
Limited , the Registrar to the Buyback for a duplicate Tender Form. The contact 
detai ls of the Registrar are on page 47 of this L etter of Offer. 
Tendering Period   • Eligible Shareholder s can tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback only during 
the Tendering Period , which commences on  Thursday, June 11, 2026  and ends 
on Wednesday, June 17, 2026 . 
Tendering Equity 
Shares in the 
Buyback   • Eligible Shareholder s can only participate in the Buyback by placing a bid 
through a Stock Broker registered either with the BSE or the NSE . 
• Eligible Shareholder s are required to instruct their respective Stock Broker of the 
details of the Equity Shares intended to be tender ed under the Buyback.  
• Please note instructions can be provided through delivery instruction slip/  phone/  
online depending on the facility provided by your Stock Broker.  We urge you to 
contact your Stock Broker in advance to understand the requirements of 
placing  a bid.  
• In accordance with applicable law, a lien shall be marked by the Stock Broker in 
the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder for the shares tendered in T ender 
Offer. Details of such lien marked shares in the demat account of the Eligible 
Shareholder shall be provided by the Depositories to the Clearing Corporation  
(as defined below) .  
Confirmation by 
Stock Broker   • Upon placing the bid, the Stock Broker  will provide the TRS (as defined below)  
generated  by the stock exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder.  
• On receipt of TRS, the Eligible Shareholder has successfully tendered 
Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
– Please note that an Eligible Shareholde r participating through online 
website platform of the Stock Broker may receive an acknowledgement in 
place of a TRS.  
Submission of Tender 
Form   • In addition to placing the bid through the Stock  Broker, Eligible Shareholder s 
holding Equity Shares in physical form  should submit the duly filled in and signed 
Tender Form, TRS and requisite documents to the Registrar to the Buyback 
before 5:00 PM IST  on Wednesday , June 17 , 202 6. 
• Eligible Shareholders tendering demateriali sed Equity Shares under the 
Buyback are not required to submit the Tender Form and the TRS to the 
Registrar.  
• Non-Resident shareholders (except FPIs) are required to submit the tender 
form , self -declaration forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2)  along with 
documents as specified in paragraph 21.18.8 on page 56 to avail DTAA 
benefit for lower rate for withholding tax to be determined by Company . In 
 
4 absence of receipt of documents, the Company will deduct the tax for Non -
Resident shareholders at maximum marginal tax rate.   
Receipt of Buyback 
consideration and 
return of unaccepted 
shares   • The Acceptance  (as defined below)  of Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible 
Shareholder in the Buyback is subject to the provisions of the Buyback 
Regulations and  the terms and conditions con tained in this Letter of Offer.  
• Eligible Shareholder s must ensure t hat their demat account (s) is active and 
unblocked for receipt of unaccepted shares and that their bank account  is linked 
with their demat account for credit of remittance on Acceptance of Equity Shares 
under the Buyback.  
• Post completion of the Buyback, the Company will inform the Eligible 
Shareholders of payment of Buyback consideration and return of unaccepted 
shares through  the Public Announcement.  
• As per the provisions of the Buyback Reg ulations, the Company will pay gross 
amount i.e. number of Equity S hares Accepted multiplied by the Buyback Price 
(₹ 250/- per Equity Share) for the Accepted Equity Shares to the Clearing 
Corporation of the Stock Exchanges.  
• Eligible Shareholder (s) whose Eq uity Shares have been Accepted under the 
Buyback will directly receive the consideration from the Clearing Corporation/  
Stock Broker.  
• Eligible Shareholder (s) should consult their respective Stock Broker for any cost, 
applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage , securities 
transaction tax and stamp duty ) etc., that may be levied by the Stock Broker for 
tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback. Such additional costs , charges and 
expenses (including brokerage, securities transaction tax and stamp  duty)  
are to be borne solely by the Eligible Shareholder  and the Company will 
not be responsible to bear or pay the same . 
 
 
The above is not an exhaustive description of the buyback process or of the terms and conditions 
thereof and is only intended to ass ist the Eligible Shareholders by serving as a high level summary . The 
above is not intended to be and cannot be a substitute for the detailed terms and conditions contained 
in this  Letter of Offer. All shareholders of the Company  are requested to read the entire Letter of Offer 
and Notice to Holders of Wipro Limited American Depository Shares for an understanding of the 
Buyback process (including the taxation provisions as also provisions relating to Non-Resident 
shareholders) and  terms and conditions of the Buyback. Please consult your respective legal/  tax/ other 
advisors prior to participation in the Buyback. If you require any clarifications about action s to be taken, 
you should consult your Stock Broker or your investment cons ultant or the Manager to the Buyback i.e. 
JM Financial Limited or the Registrar to the Buyback i.e. KFin Technologies Limited . 
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  
Activity  Date  Day 
Date of the Board Meeting to approve the proposal for Buyback of 
Equity Shares  April 16, 202 6 Thursday  
Date of declaration of results of the postal ballot through remote e -
voting for special resolution by the Equity Shareholders, approving 
the Buyback  May 21, 2026  Thursday   
Date of publication of Public Announcement for the Buyback  May 25,  2026  Monday  
Please refer to section 2 on page 5 for defined terms and section 2 1 on page 53  of this 
Letter of Offer for detailed procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering 
in the Buyback Offer  
 
5 Activity  Date  Day 
Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement and the 
names of Eligible Shareholders  June 5, 2026  Friday   
Last date for dispatch of Letter of Offer  June 9, 2026  Tuesday  
Buyback Opening Date  June 11, 2026  Thursday  
Buyback Closing Date  June 17, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date for the receipt of completed Tender Forms and other 
specified documents including physical share certificates (as 
applicable) by the Registrar to the Buyback  June 17, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of verification by the Registrar to the Buyback  June 19, 2026  Friday   
Last date for providing Acceptance/non -Acceptance of tendered 
Equity Shares to the Stock Exchanges by the Registrar to the 
Buyback  June 23, 2026  Tuesday  
Last date for settlement of bids on the Stock Exchange s June 24, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date for return of unaccepted Equity Shares by Stock 
Exchanges to Eligible Shareholders/Stock Brokers  June 24, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date for payment of consideration to Eligible Shareholders who 
participated in the Buyback  June 24, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date for extinguishment of Equity Shares  July 6, 2026  Monday  
Note:  Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the respective last 
dates . 
2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  
This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context 
otherwise indicates , implies or specifie s otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided below. 
References to any legislation, act, regulation s, rules, guidelines or policies shal l be to such 
legislation, act, regulation s, rules, guidelines or policies as amended, supplemented, or re -
enacted from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any 
subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provi sion.  
“Acceptance /Accept/ 
Accepted ” Acceptance of fully paid -up Equity Shares tendered by Eligible 
Shareholders  in the Buyback . 
“Additional Equity 
Shares ” Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder over and 
above the Buyback Entitlement  of such Eligible  Shareholder  not exceeding 
the Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date . 
“ADRs ” American Depositary Receipts . 
“ADSs ” American Depositary Shares . 
“Articles ” Articles of Association of the Company . 
“Board ”/ “Board of 
Directors ” Board of Directors of the Company  (which term shall include any committee 
constituted and authori sed by the Board pursuant to its resolution dated 
April 16, 202 6 to exercise its powers , in connection with the Buyback ). 
“Board Meeting ” Meeting of the Board of Directors held on April 16, 202 6. 
“BSE” BSE Limited . 
“Buyback /Offer ” Offer by the Company  to buyback up to a maximum of 60,00,00,000 (Sixty 
Crore) fully paid -up Equity Shares  at the Buyback Price  from Eligible 
 
6 Shareholders , through the Tender Offer route using the stock exchange 
mechanism in terms of the Buyback Regulations read with the SEBI 
Circulars, on a proportionate basis . 
“Buyback Closing Date”  Wednesday, June 17, 2026  
“Buyback Committee”  The Buyback Committee  comp rising Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar, 
Independent Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and 
Company Secretary and Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head 
Investor Relations , constituted and authori sed for the purposes of the 
Buyback by the resolution dated April 16, 202 6 of the Board of Directors.  
“Buyback Entitlement”  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is entitled to 
tender in the Buyback, b ased on the number of Equity Shares held by such 
Eligible Shareholder, on the Record Date and the ratio of Buyback 
applicable to the category, to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs.  
“Buyback Opening Date”  Thursday, June 11, 2026  
“Buyback Period”  The period between the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot 
through remote e -voting  to authorize the Buyback i.e. May 21, 2026  and the 
date on which the payment of consideration to the shareholders, whose 
Equity Shares have been Accepted under the Buyback, will be made, i.e.  
on or before Wednesday, June 24,  2026. 
“Buyback Price”  Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Eligible 
Shareholders i.e. ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per fully 
paid up Equity Share, payable  in cash.  
“Buyback Regulations”  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018 including any statutory modifications or re -enactments 
thereof.  
“Buyback Size”  Maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought bac k (i.e. 
60,00,00,000  (Sixty Crore)  Equity Shares) multiplied by the Buyback Price 
(i.e. ₹  250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share) 
payable in cash for an aggregate consideration of ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000 
(Rupees Fifteen  Thousand Crore  only).  
“CDSL”  Central Depository Services (India) Limited.  
“Clearing Corporation”  Indian Clearing Corporation Limited or the NSE Clearing Limited (formerly 
known as National Securities Clearing Corporation Limited), as applicable.  
“Companies Act”  The Companies Act, 2013  including any statutory modifications or re -
enactments thereof.  
“Company’s Broker”  JM Financial Services Limited.  
“Company Demat 
Account”  Demat account of the Company designated for the Buyback.  
“Depositories”  Collectively, the CDSL  and NSDL.  
“Designated Stock 
Exchange”  The designated stock exchange for the Buyback, being the BSE.  
“DP”  Depository Participant.  
“Eligible Shareholder(s)”  Equity Shareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback as on the Record 
Date  
“Equity Shares ” Fully paid -up equity shares of face value of ₹ 2/ - (Rupees Two only) each 
of the Company.  
 
7 “Equity Shareholder(s)”  Holder(s) of the fully paid -up Equity Shares including beneficial owner(s) 
thereof.  
“Escrow Account”  The Escrow Account titled “ WIPRO – BUYBACK 202 6 – ESCROW 
ACCOUNT ” bearing account number 45505447178  opened with the 
Escrow Agent, in accordance with the Escrow Agreement.  
“Escrow Agent”  Standard Chartered Bank  
“Escrow Agreement”  The escrow agreement dated May 22 , 202 6 entered into amongst the 
Company, the Escrow Agent and the Manager.  
“FII(s)”  Foreign Institutional Investor(s) . 
“FPI(s)”  Foreign Portfolio Investor(s) . 
“HUF”  Hindu Undivided Family.  
“Income Tax Act”  Indian Income -tax Act, 2025 , as amended.  
“Letter of  Offer”  This letter of offer dated June 9 , 2026 , filed with SEBI in accordance with 
the Buyback Regulations.  
“LODR Regulations”  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended from time to time.  
“Management Rules”  The Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014.  
“Manager to the 
Buyback/Manager”  JM Financial Limited.  
“Non -Resident 
Shareholders”  Includes NRIs,  FPIs, FIIs, OCB and foreign nationals . 
“NRI”  Non Resident Indian.  
“NSDL”  National Securities Depository Limited.  
“NSE”  National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
“NYSE”  New York Stock Exchange.  
“OCB”  Erstwhile Overseas Corporate Bodies.  
“PAN”  Permanent Account Number.  
“Postal Ballot Notice”  Notice of postal ballot dated April 16, 202 6 for obtaining approval for the 
Buyback from the shareholders of the Company.  
“Promoter and Promoter 
Group”  Promoter and promoter group as have been disclosed under the filings 
made by the Company under the LODR Regulations, and the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended.  
“Public Announcement”  Public announcement dated May 22 , 2026 regarding the Buyback, 
published in accordance with Regulation 7( i) of the Buyback Regula tions on 
May 25 , 2026 in Financial Express , an English national daily, Jansatta , a 
Hindi national daily, and Vishwavani , a Regional language daily.  
“RBI”  Reserve Bank of India.  
“Record Date”  Friday, June 5, 202 6, being the date for the purpose of determining the 
Buyback Entitlement and the names of the Eligible Shareholders to whom 
the Letter of Offer and Tender Form will be sent  electronically , and who are 
eligible to participate in the proposed Buyback in accor dance with the 
Buyback Regulations.  
 
8 “Registrar”  KFin Technologies Limited, registrar to the Buyback.  
“SCD Rules”  The Companies (Share Capital and Debenture s) Rules, 2014.  
“SEBI”  The Securities and Exchange Board of India.  
“SEBI Circulars”  SEBI circular bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 
13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated 
December 9, 2016 and SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 , and circular bearing number 
SEBI/HO/CF D/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023 as may be 
amended from time to time.  
“Small Shareholder”  An Eligible Shareholder, who holds Equity Shares of market value not more 
than ₹ 2,00,000 (Rupees Two Lakh  only), on the basis of closing price on 
the recogni sed stock exchange registering the highest trading volume, as 
on the Record Date.  
“Stock Broker(s)”  A stock broker (who is a member of the BSE and/or NSE) of an Eligible 
Shareholder, through whom such E ligible Shareholder can participate in the 
Buyback.  
“Stock Exchanges”  BSE and NSE, being the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of the 
Company are listed.  
“Tender Form/ Form(s)”  Form of Acceptance –cum–Acknowledgement, enclosed with this Letter of 
Offer on page 75.  
“Tender Offer”  Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 4(iv) of the Buyback 
Regulations.  
“Tendering Period”  Period of 5 (Five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date till the 
Buyback Closing Date (both days inclusive).  
“TRS”  Transaction Registration Slip.  
“Working Day”  Working Day as defined under the Buyback Regulations.  
 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
As required, a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted to SEBI. It is to be distinctly 
understood that submission of this Letter  of Offer to SEBI should not , in any way , be deemed 
or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any 
responsibility either for the financial soundness of the Company to meet the Buyback  
commitments or for the correctn ess of the statements made or opinions expressed in this Letter 
of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback  has, by certificate issued to SEBI dated  June 9 , 202 6, 
certified that the Buyback is in compliance with the Buyback Regulations and this Letter of Offer 
contains the disclosures as required under the Buyback Regulations.  
It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the 
correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in this Letter of Offer , the 
Manager to the Buyback  is expected to exercise due diligence  to ensure that the Company 
discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose.  Pursuant to this 
requirement, the Manager to the Buyback , JM Financial Limited , has furnished to SEBI a due 
diligence certificate dated June 9 , 2026 in accordance with Buyback  Regulations, which reads 
as follows:  
“We have examined various documents and materials relevant to the Buyback  as part of the 
due diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization of the Public Announcement  
and the Letter of Offer dated June 9 , 2026. On the basis of such examination and the 
discussions with the Company, we hereby state that:  
 
9 • The Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the documents, 
materials and papers relevant to the Buyback ; 
• All the legal requirements connected with the said offer including the SEBI (Buy -Back 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 , as amended, have been duly complied with . 
• The disclo sures in the P ublic Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best of 
our knowledge, true, fair and adequate in all material respects for the shareholders of 
the Company to make a well-informed decision  in respect of the Buyback . 
• Funds used for Buyback  shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act .” 
The filing of this Letter of Offer  with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any 
liabilities under the provisions of the Companies Act, or from the requirement of obtaining such 
statutory or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback.  
The Promoter  and Promoter Group /Board of  Directors declare and confirm that no 
information/material likely to have a bearing on the  decision of Eligible Shareholders  has been 
suppressed/withheld and/  or incorporated  in the manner that would amount to mis -statement/  
misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at any point of time that any information/  
material has been suppressed/withheld and/  or amounts to a mis -statement / misrepresentation, 
the Promoter and Promoter Group /Board of Directors and the Company shall be liable for 
penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulation s. 
The Promoter and Promoter Group / Board of Directors  also declare and confirm that funds 
borrowed from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the Buyback . 
Special Notice to Security Holder of the Company in the United States of America  
The Buyback is being made for securities of an Indian com pany and is subject to the laws of 
India. It is important for U.S. securities holders to be aware that the Buyback is subject to the 
tender offer laws and regulations in India that are different from those in the U.S. and documents 
related to the Buyback w ill be prepared in accordance with Indian format and style, which differs 
from customary U.S. format and style. Certain of the U.S. federal securities laws apply to the 
Buyback as there are U.S. holders of Equity Shares and ADSs. The Buyback is being treat ed 
in the U.S. as one to which the “Tier I” exemption mentioned in Rule 13e -4(h)(8) under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is applicable.  
Disclaimer for Persons in Other Foreign Countries Other than the United States  
This Letter of Offer  does not in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authori sed or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation would subject the Company or the 
Manager to the offer to  make  any new or additional requirements or registration.  
This Letter of Offer  and the Public Announcement , in connection with this Buyback, were  
prepared for the purposes of compliance with applicable Indian laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been 
disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager  to the Buyback are under no 
obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date of this Letter of 
Offer. This Letter of Offer does not and will not in any way constitute an offer in any form, or an 
invitation in any form to su bscribe/  purchase/  sell, any securities of the Company in any 
jurisdiction, or as a solicitation or an invitation in any form to subscribe/  purchase/  sell any 
securities including the Equity Shares of the Company.  
No action has been or will be taken to per mit the Buyback in any jurisdiction where action would 
be required for that purpose. This Letter of Offer has been dispatched  electronically  to all 
shareholders whose names appeared on the records of the depository , as of the Record Date. 
However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Eligible Shareholder in a jurisdiction in which it 
would be illegal to make this offer, or where making this offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of this Letter of Offer  under any local securities 
 
10 laws), shall not be treated by such Eligible Shareholder as an offer being made to them and 
shall be construed by them as being sent for information purposes only.  
Persons in possession of this Letter of Offer are required to in form themselves of any relevant 
restrictions in their respective jurisdictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders his, her or its 
Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and 
agreed that he, she or it is auth orised under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, 
regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
Forward -Looking Statements  
This Letter of Offer  contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking 
statements generally  can be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate ”, 
“believe ”, “continue”, “expect ”, “estimate ”, “intend ”, “objective ”, “plan”, “project ”, “pursue ”, “will” , 
or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements  that describe the Buyback 
process, the Company’s ability to complete the Buyback, including with respect to its 
compliance with the Buyback Regulations, tax treatment and consequences related to the 
Buyback, the Company’s strategies, objectives, plans or goals expectations regarding stock 
price, the ability to participate in the Buyback and expectations regarding repurchases are also 
forward -looking  statements. All forward -looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions about the Com pany that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those contemplated by the relevant forward -looking statement.  
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due to 
risks or uncertainties , which includ e, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding 
fluctuations in our earnings, revenue and profits, our ability to generate and manage growth, 
complete proposed corporate actions, intense competition in IT services, our ability to maintain 
our cost advantage, wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled 
professionals, time and cost overruns on fixed -price, fixed -time frame contracts, client 
concentration, restrictions on immigration, our ability to manage our interna tional operations, 
reduced demand for technology in our key focus areas, disruptions in telecommunication 
networks, our ability to successfully complete and integrate potential acquisitions, liability for 
damages on our service contracts, the success of th e companies in which we make strategic 
investments, withdrawal of fiscal governmental incentives, political instability, war, legal 
restrictions on raising capital or acquiring companies outside India, un authori sed use of our 
intellectual property and gene ral economic conditions affecting our business and industry . 
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer , including financial information, have been 
subject to rounding -off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. 
In cer tain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform 
exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain 
tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or ro w. 
4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
The Buyback through Tender Offer has been authorized  and approved by the Board of 
Directors at the Board Meeting. The extracts of the Board resolution are as follows:  
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Article 8.2 of the Articles of Association of Wipro Limited (the 
“Company ”) and the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 108 and 110 and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “ Companies Act ”), the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014,  the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder, each as amended from 
time to time and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “ Buyback Regulations ”), the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended (“ Listing Regulations ”) (including any amendments, st atutory modifications or re -
enactments of the Companies Act or the rules made thereunder or the Buyback Regulations, 
or the Listing Regulations), and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, 
sanctions, and exemptions as may be necessary, and  subject to such conditions, amendments, 
and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the appropriate authorities while 
 
11 granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions, which may be 
agreed by the Board of Directors  of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “ Board ”, which 
expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, 
including the powers conferred by this resolution) and subject to the approval by the 
shareholders of the  Company by way of a special resolution through a postal ballot, the Board 
hereby approves the buyback by the Company of up to  60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully paid -
up equity shares of ₹  2/- (Rupees Two only) each of the Company ( “Equity Share” ), being 
5.72% of the total paid -up equity share capital of the Company at a price of ₹  250/- (Rupees 
Two Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share ( “Buyback Price” ), for an aggregate amount 
not exceeding ₹  1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) (here inafter 
referred to as the ( “Buyback Size” ), which represents 24.99% and 19.99%  of the aggregate 
of the Company’s fully paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company  for the year ended as on 
March 31, 2026, respectively, on a proportionate basis through the “ tender offer ” route as 
prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, to all the shareholders of the Company who hold 
Equity Shares as on a record date to be subsequen tly decided by the Board (the “ Record 
Date ”) (hereinafter referred to as the “ Buyback ”) and the Buyback Size does not include 
transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and 
service s tax, stamp duty, expense s incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees 
payable to Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI ”), advisors/legal fees, intermediary 
fees, public announcement, publication expenses, printing, dispatch expenses and other 
incidental and related expenses, etc.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Monday, April 20, 2026 is hereby fixed by the Board as the 
record date only for the limited purpose of determination of the holders of the Company’s 
American Depositary Receipts evidencing ADS, each represen ting one equity share of the 
Company, entitled to notice of and to vote pursuant to the voting instruction card prepared in 
accordance with the Postal Ballot Notice to approve the Buyback Program.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in accordance with the Buyback Regula tions, the Buyback 
period shall commence from the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot for special 
resolution approving the Buyback and the date on which the payment of consideration to 
shareholders who have accepted the Buyback is made (the  “Buyback Period ”). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all of the shareholders of the Company will be eligible to 
participate in the Buyback including: (i) promoters and promoter group of the Company 
(including members thereof) and their associates who hold Equity Shar es as on the Record 
Date, persons in control (including such persons acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as 
of the Record Date; and (ii) holders of American Depositary Receipts of the Company  (“ADRs ”) 
evidencing American Depositary Shares (“ ADSs ”) representing Equity Shares of the Company 
who cancel any of their ADSs and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares prior to the Record 
Date such that they become shareholders of the Company and hold Equity Shares as on the 
Record Date.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board/ Buyback Committee (as defined below) may, till 1 
(one) working day prior to the Record Date, increase the Buyback Price and decrease the 
number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back under the Buyback, such that there is no 
change in the Buyb ack Size, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the 
Company may Buyback Equity Shares from the existing shareholders as on Record Date, on 
a proportionate basis, provided that 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company 
proposes to Buyback or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small 
shareholders as defined in the Buyback Regulations (“ Small Shareholders ”), whichever is 
highe r, shall be reserved for the Small Shareholders and in case the Equity Shares tendered 
are less than the reservation, the same shall be adjusted in the general category, in accordance 
with the Buyback Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all equity sharehold ers/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares 
will be eligible to participate in the Buyback who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date 
 
12 (“Eligible Shareholders ”) except any shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under 
the applicable laws by approp riate authorities.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback using the 
“Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under 
Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting” notified by SEBI vide circular 
CIR/CFD /POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s circular 
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016, SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI Circular CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated 
March 8, 2023, incl uding any amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force 
or such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, and the Company shall approach 
BSE Ltd (“BSE”) and/or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) for facil itating the 
same . 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the Eligible shareholders who are residents 
outside India including Foreign Corporate Bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate 
bodies), Foreign Institutional Investors/Foreign Portfolio Investo rs, Non -Resident Indians, 
shareholders of foreign nationality and holders of ADRs, shall be subject to such approvals, if 
any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the 
Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under the For eign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the 
rules and regulations framed thereunder, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken 
by such non -resident shareholders.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining 
minimum public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing 
Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the amount required by the Company for the Buyback is 
intended to be met out of the Company’s current balances in free reserves (and not from any 
borrowed funds) and on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide from time to time 
at its absolute discretion.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the Buyback Regulations,  in the event of non -
fulfilment of the obligations under the Buyba ck Regulations by the Company, the escrow 
account in full or in part shall be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the security -holders 
who accepted the offer and balance if any shall be utili sed for investor protection in accordance 
with Buyback Reg ulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Mr. M 
Sanaulla Khan, Company Secretary, be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for 
the Buyback and that M/s. KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrar t o an Issue and Share 
Transfer Agent of the Company ( “KFin” ) be and is hereby appointed as the ‘investor service 
center’ for ensuring compliance with the Buyback Regulations and to redress the grievances, if 
any, of the investors.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into 
the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion:  
a) that immediately following the date on which the meeting of the Board is convened, i.e. 
April 16, 2026, or following the date o n which the results of the shareholders’ resolution 
will be declared (“ Postal Ballot Resolution ”), approving the Buyback, there will be no 
grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its debts;  
b) that as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date 
on which the meeting of the Board is convened, i.e. April 16, 2026, or the Postal Ballot 
Resolution that, having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the 
management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the 
Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet all its liabilities as and 
when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent with in a period of one year from 
the date of the Board meeting, i.e. April 16, 2026, or the Postal Ballot Resolution; and  
 
13 c) that in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account 
the liabilities as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the 
Companies Act 1956, Companies Act or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 
(including prospective and contingent liabilities).  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT draft Auditors certificate is hereby noted and Declaration of 
Solvency prepa red in the prescribed form and supporting affidavit and other documents, placed 
before the meeting be and is hereby approved and Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman,  and Mr. 
Srini Pallia , CEO and Managing Director, be and are hereby jointly authori sed to sign t he same, 
for and on behalf of the Board before it is filed  with the Registrar of Companies and SEBI  in 
accordance with the applicable law s. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 and circulars/ guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to 
time, appr oval of the Board be and is hereby accorded for conducting a postal ballot (including 
e-voting) to seek the approval of shareholders of the Company (“ Postal Ballot ”) for the 
proposed Buyback and that the draft notice for the postal ballot together with the  accompanying 
explanatory statement annexed thereto (“ Postal Ballot Notice ”), as placed before the Board 
be and is hereby approved . 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  M/s. V. Sreedharan & Associates, Company Secretaries, 
Bengaluru  represented by Mr. V. Sreedharan (FCS 2347; CP 833) or Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni 
(FCS 7260; CP 7835), or Mrs. Shobha Shridhar (FCS F13360; CP 22649) as Partners, which 
has given consent to act as scrutinizer, be and is hereby appointed as the scrutinizer for the 
Postal Ballot (including e -voting ) in accordance with the Companies Act and the Rules made 
thereunder.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company 
Secretary, be and is hereby authori sed to declare the results of the Postal Ballot process and 
file it with a ll the relevant statutory authorities including the BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE” and together with the BSE to be referred as “Indian 
Stock Exchanges”), New York Stock Exchanges, SEBI or such other authorities as m ay be 
considered necessary.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  KFin be and is hereby appointed as an agency to provide 
electronic voting platform in connection with the Postal Ballot process.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company 
Secretary be and is hereby made responsible for compliance with the entire Postal Ballot 
process and that he is hereby authori sed to do the following:  
(a) sign, issue and submit the Postal Ballot Notice to the Indian Stock Exchanges and 
publication of an advertisement in the relevant newspapers specifying the date of 
completion of dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice and to do all acts, deeds and things 
as may be required in connection therewith;  
(b) take all necessary steps including sending the Postal Ballot  Notice to all the 
shareholders of the Company and conducting the said Postal Ballot process for and on 
behalf of the Company;  
(c) prepare, sign (including digitally) and file (including electronically) necessary forms and 
documents with the jurisdictional Reg istrar of Companies, SEBI, Indian Stock 
Exchanges, New York Stock Exchange and such other statutory authorities as may be 
required; and  
(d) to deal with all questions or difficulties that may arise in the course of implementing the 
Postal Ballot.  
RESOLVED FURT HER THAT the Board hereby confirms that:  
a) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid -up; 
 
14 b) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or specified securities including by way 
of bonus till the date of expiry of the Buyback Period except in dischar ge of subsisting 
obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares;  
c) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period of 
one y ear reckoned from the date of expiry of buyback period of the preceding offer of 
buyback;  
d) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further 
capital for a period of either six months or one year, as the case may be, under the 
Companies Act and Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the Buyback 
Period;  
e) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity 
Shares till the pendency of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become  transferable;  
f) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through negotiated 
deal whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any 
private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;  
g) there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of any deposits (including interest 
payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, payment of dividend 
or repayment of any term loans to any financial institution or banks (including interest 
payable t hereon);  
h) the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;  
i) the aggregate amount of the Buyback, i.e. up to ₹  1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen 
Thousand Crore only), does not exceed 25% of the aggregate of the tot al paid -up 
capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone or 
consolidated financial statements of the Company respectively as at March 31, 2026, 
whichever sets out a lower amount;  
j) the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback, 
up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the paid -up Equity Share capital as per the latest audited 
standalone or consolidated financial statements of the  Company as at March 31, 2026, 
whichever sets out a lower amount;  
k) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned 
from the date of expiry of the Buyback Period;  
l) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback offer after the  public announcement of 
the offer of the Buyback is made;  
m) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
n) there are no pendency scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the Companies Act  as on date;  
o) the C ompany shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the prior consent 
of its lenders in case of a breach of any covenant with such lenders;  
p) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for 
the purpose of the Buyba ck in accordance with the Buyback Regulations;  
q) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the 
Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
 
15 r) the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares;  
s) the Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Indian Stock 
Exchanges;  
t) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/or 
such other sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purchased through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve 
account and the detail s of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements;  
u) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the promoters and members of 
promoter group, and their associates, other than the Company, shall not deal in the 
Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock 
exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter se transfer of Equity Shares) 
among the promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the special 
resolution  approving the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer;  
v) the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and 
the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically 
destroyed (if applicable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and 
the Companies Act within the specified timelines;  
w) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall 
not be more than twice the paid -up Equity Share capital and free r eserves, after the 
Buyback, based on both standalone or consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026, whichever sets out a lower amount; and  
x) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsid iary company including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment 
company or group of investment companies.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information and material that is likely to have a bearing on 
the decision of investors has been suppressed or w ithheld and/or incorporated in the manner 
that would amount to a mis -statement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at 
any point of time that any information/material has been suppressed or withheld and/or amounts 
to a mis -statement or m isrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for penalty 
in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  JM Financial Limited (the “ Merchant Banker ”) be and is hereby 
appointed as the mercha nt banker for the purposes of the Buyback in accordance with the 
terms of the Buyback Regulations, on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed 
between the Merchant Banker and the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT JM Financial Services Limited (the “Broker ”) be and is hereby 
appointed as the registered broker to the Company to facilitate the process of tendering of 
Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange mechanism for the Buyback in accordance with and 
to undertake the Buyback using the “Mechanism for acqu isition of shares through Stock 
Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, Buy Back and Delisting ” notified by 
SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with the SEBI’s 
circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9 , 2016 , SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI Circular CFD/PoD -
2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023,  on such terms and conditions as may be mutually 
agreed between the Broker and the Company, and the Company do here by open a broking 
account and depository account with the Broker for the purposes of the Buyback.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back 
wherein details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the  Equity Shares bought 
back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying 
Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that the 
 
16 Company Secretary of the Company be and is he reby authorized  to authenticate the entries 
made in the said register.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT KFin be and is hereby appointed as the Registrar to an Issue 
and Share Transfer Agent for the purposes of the Buyback, on such terms and conditions as 
may be mutua lly agreed between the Registrar and the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas, Advocates and Solicitors, be and 
is hereby appointed as the Company’s Indian legal counsel to the Buyback (“ Indian  Legal 
Counsel ”), on such terms and conditi ons as may be mutually agreed between the Indian Legal 
Counsel and the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., be and is hereby 
appointed as the Company’s international legal counsel to the Buyback (“ International Legal 
Couns el”), on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the International 
Legal Counsel and the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  approval of the Board be and is hereby accorded to issue a 
bank guarantee in terms of the Buyback Regulations (in th e event the escrow is decided to be 
in the form of a bank guarantee by the Buyback Committee (as defined below) in favour of the 
Merchant Banker and any two of Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman, Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO and 
Managing Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer,  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Abhishek Jain, 
Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations , be and are hereby jointly authori sed to 
negotiate, sign, execute, s uch documents, things, papers, instruments, and do such deeds, 
matters and things as may be necessary with respect to this resolution.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall in accordance with the provisions of the 
Buyback Regulations, open an escrow acco unt (“ Escrow Account ”) and special account 
(“Special Bank Account ”) with a bank and deposit therein, such sums as required under the 
Buyback Regulations, and to make up the entire sums due and payable as consideration for 
the Buyback.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman, Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO and 
Managing Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Sriram Ranganathan, Senior Vice President, Global controller and Tax head,  Mr. M Sanaulla 
Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary, Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer 
and Head Investor Relations , and Mr. Mahadev Prakash, General Manager and Head, 
Corporate Secretarial  be and are hereby severally authori sed to finalize the terms and  
conditions of appointment and engagement (including settling their remuneration/payment of 
commission, brokerage fees and charges) of the Merchant Banker, Broker, Indian Legal 
Counsel, International Legal Counsel, escrow agent, KFin, Escrow Account, Specia l Bank 
Account and Stock Exchange(s) for availing its tendering mechanism, and execute, negotiate, 
finalize, amongst other things account opening forms, agreements (including escrow 
agreements) and perform/execute such acts, deeds, documents, letters and t hings in the name 
of and on behalf of the Company, in connection with the foregoing (including making deposits 
with the escrow agent and permitting the Merchant Banker to operate the escrow accounts 
opened for the purposes of the Buyback), and appoint and finalize the terms of appointment of 
advertising agencies, media agencies, printers, consultants or representatives or entities as 
may be required and deciding and settling their remuneration including payment of commission 
brokerage, fee and charges and e ntering into agreements and letters in respect thereof and 
open and close all necessary accounts such as broking account(s), depository account(s), 
escrow account(s) and bank account(s) as per applicable laws and Buyback Regulations;  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary and Mr. Mahadev 
Prakash, General Manager and Head, Corporate Secretarial  be and are hereby severally 
authori sed to appro ve, execute, file and issue all necessary applications, resolutions, 
confirmations, forms (including e -forms), intimations, disclosures, announcements, documents, 
declarations, undertakings, forms and reports with the appropriate authorities or any third 
parties as may be relevant in the context of the Buyback including the supplemental disclosures 
 
17 to holders of ADRs/ADSs (the “ Supplemental Letter ”) and provide all necessary information 
and documents to, and representing the Company before, SEBI, Indian Sto ck Exchanges, New 
York Stock Exchanges,  Registrar of Companies and other relevant regulatory authorities and/or 
third parties, including, statutory auditors, in relation to the Buyback and take all actions for 
obtaining all necessary certificates and repor ts from statutory auditors and other third parties 
as required under applicable laws and generally to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
that may be required in connection with the Buyback or for matters incidental thereto.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Chairman and Mr. Srini Pallia, CEO & 
Managing Director be and are hereby jointly authori sed for and on behalf of the Company to 
finalise and execute the public announcement and the Letter of Offer containing such 
information and partic ulars as may be required to be issued under the Buyback Regulations  
and to do or cause to do such acts, deeds and things as may be considered necessary in 
connection with or incidental to the same.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a committee (the “ Buyback Committee ”) comprising Mr. 
Deepak M. Satwalekar, Independent Director, Ms. Aparna C. Iyer, Senior Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. M Sanaulla Khan, Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
and Mr. Abhishek Jain, Corporate Treasurer and Head Investo r Relations , be constituted for 
the purposes of the Buyback to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its 
absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper, in the best interests of the 
Company and its shareholders in conn ection with the Buyback, including but not limited to:  
a) finalizing the terms of the Buyback, the mechanism for the Buyback, the schedule of 
activities, the date of opening and closing of the Buyback, entitlement ratio, the 
timeframe for completion of the Bu yback and re -affirmation of declaration of solvency 
as and when required, etc;  
b) deciding and announcing the Record date for the purpose of Buyback;  
c) seeking all regulatory approvals, if any, including from SEBI and the RBI for 
implementing the Buyback;  
d) appointing, authorizing, entering into agreements with and issuing necessary 
instructions to the investor service centre and escrow agent;  
e) opening one or more bank accounts, including an Escrow Account and Special Bank 
Account as required, and entering int o agreements with and to give instructions to the 
bankers in connection therewith;  
f) deciding and appointing the BSE and/or NSE as designated stock exchange(s) for the 
Buyback;  
g) taking such actions or measures as may then be deemed desirable to provide each 
holder of ADSs with an opportunity to cancel and withdraw the underlying Equity 
Shares of any such ADSs prior to the Record Date to enable such holder to participate 
in the Buyback and such actions or measures may include, but not limited to: (i) 
preparing and delivering information to each such holder or representative(s) thereof 
to enable such holder of ADSs to determine whether to cancel and withdraw the 
underlying Equity Shares in light of the Buyback, including any modifications, 
amendments or supplemen ts to the Supplemental Letter; (ii) informing holders of ADSs 
that they will need to establish a brokerage account in India to take delivery of the 
Equity Shares, and (iii) informing holders of ADSs that they must submit the desired 
ADSs to the ADR deposit ary for cancellation and withdraw the Equity Shares no later 
than 3 (three) New York business days prior to the Record Date;  
h) depositing and/or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into escrow and 
finalizing the composition/combination of such de posit into escrow in accordance with 
the provisions of Regulation 9 of the Buyback Regulations (including cash deposit or 
arranging for bank guarantee including the amounts of the cash deposit and the bank 
guarantee) and the escrow agreement entered into w ith the escrow agent;  
 
18 i) earmarking and making arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose 
of Buyback including arranging for bank guarantees as may be necessary for the 
Buyback in accordance with applicable laws;  
j) opening, operating and closing  of all necessary accounts for this purpose, including 
bank accounts, trading account, depository accounts (including escrow account), 
special bank account, and authorizing persons to operate such accounts;  
k) preparing, finalizing, dating, approving, modifyi ng, signing (in accordance with 
applicable law), issuing, re -issuing and filing with the appropriate statutory/other 
authorities the public announcement, letter of offer and all other documents, 
resolutions, advertisements, confirmations, intimations and d eclarations, and the 
certificate for extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates, if any, and 
other documents required in connection with the Buyback upon receiving the requisite 
shareholder approval for the Buyback, and causing the decl aration of solvency and 
supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable laws and such 
alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be 
deemed to have been approved by the Board of Directors;  
l) taking all acti ons to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of 
acceptance, pay the shareholders consideration for shares bought back, approve split 
of physical share certificates and transfer of shares, extinguish dematerialised shares 
and ensure the  physical destruction of the share certificates with respect to the Equity 
Shares bought back by the Company;  
m) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on 
the website and filing the same with the Indian Stock Excha nges as required under 
applicable law;  
n) settling and resolving any queries raised by SEBI, Indian Stock Exchanges, New York 
Stock Exchanges, Registrar of Companies and any other authorities whatsoever in 
connection with any matter incidental to and ancillar y to the Buyback;  
o) to give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the 
public announcement or the letter of offer and any other advertisements, as may be 
required by the relevant authorities including SEBI and U.S. Securi ties and Exchange 
Commission;  
p) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the 
Companies Act and to furnish appropriate returns to the appropriate authorities;  
q) closing the Buyback and completing all the required form alities as specified under the 
Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable 
laws;  
r) altering, modifying, amending the appointment/engagement and terms and conditions 
(including terms pertaining to remuneration/payment o f commission, brokerage fees 
and charges) of all the intermediaries and other third parties appointed for the Buyback;  
s) doing such other acts, deeds, matters or things, and executing such documents, forms, 
letters, confirmations, including the execution of documents under common seal of the 
Company as may be required, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit 
and file all necessary forms, letters, applications, e -forms and other documents as may 
be necessary or desirable in connection with or incidental to the Buyback or as they 
may in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper or are 
necessary, expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in connection 
with or in furtherance of the Buyback; and  
t) delega ting all or any of the authorities conferred above to any other Director(s) or 
Executive(s) or Officer(s) of the Company as may be necessary to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolutions.  
 
19 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any two members of the Buyback Committee mention ed above 
shall form the requisite quorum for all meetings of the Buyback Committee which may approve 
all of the above by passing appropriate resolutions (including by way of circular resolutions) in 
connection with the above.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy o f the foregoing resolutions certified by any one Director 
or Chief Financial Officer or Company Secretary of the Company, be forwarded to concerned 
persons/authorities as may be required from time to time.  
5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  
5.1 In accordance with Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback  Regulations, the Company has made the 
Public Announcement dated May 22 , 2026  for the Buyback  of Equity Shares which was 
published on May 25 , 2026 in the following newspapers : 
Sr. No. Name of the Newspaper  Language  Editions  
1.  Financial Express  English  All 
2.  Jansatta  Hindi  All 
3.  Vishwavani  Kannada  Bengaluru  
 
5.2 The shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, 
through a postal ballot by remote e -voting on May 21 , 202 6 and the results of which were 
announced on May 21, 2026 . Pursuant thereto, t he Public Announcement in compliance with 
Regulation 7(i) of the Buyback Regulations was made by the Company on May 25, 2026 within 
2 (two) Working Days from the date of declarat ion of the results of such postal ballot . 
5.3 The Company will publish dispatch advertisement, further notices or corrigenda  to or relating 
to the Public Announcement , if any, in the abovementioned newspapers.  
5.4 A copy of the Public Announcement  is available on the website of the Company, i.e., 
https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ , the Manager to the Buyback, i.e.,  www.jmfl.com , 
the website of SEBI , i.e.,  www.sebi.gov.in  and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges  at 
www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com . 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK  
6.1 At the Board Meeting, t he Board has subject to the approval of the shareholders of the 
Company by way of a special resolution through a postal ballot  by remote  e-voting , pursuant to 
the provisions of Article 8.2 of the Articles and t he provisions of Sections 68, 69 , 70, 108  and 
110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act , the SCD Rules , and Rule 
22 of the Management Rules, to the extent applicable, and in compliance with the  provisions of 
the Buyback Regulati ons, LODR Regulations, as amended  and subject to such other approvals , 
permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject to any 
modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by statutory, regulatory or 
government al authorities as may be required under applicable laws,  approved the Buyback by 
the Company of up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully paid -up Equity Shares  of ₹ 2/- (Rupees 
Two only)  representing up to 5.72% of the total number of Equity Share s in the paid -up Equity 
Share capital of the Company at a price of  ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty  only) per 
Equity Share payable in cash for an aggregate consideration of up to ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/ - 
(Rupees Fifteen  Thousand Crore only), which is 24.99% and 19.99% of the aggregate of the 
fully paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements  of the Company for the year ended as on  
March 31 , 2026, respectively, on a proportionate basis through the “tender offer” route as 
prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, from all of the  Eligible  Shareholders . 
6.2 The Buyback is more than 10% of the total paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves of 
the Company based on both s tandalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
as per its latest audited financial statements as of March 31, 202 6. Accordingly, the Company 
sought approval of its shareholders for the Buyback, by way of special resolution through the 
Posta l Ballot Notice dated April 16, 202 6, in accordance with first proviso to Section 68(2)(b) of 
the Companies Act and first proviso to Regulation 5( i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations. The 
shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special re solution, through a 
 
20 postal ballot by remote e -voting on May 21 , 2026 and the results of which were announced on 
May 2 1, 202 6. 
6.3 The Buyback Size represents 24.99%  and 19.99%  of the aggregate of the fully paid -up Equity 
Share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as on March 31, 2026, respectively, and is within the statutory limit 
of 25% of the aggre gate total paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company, 
based on both standalone and consolidated audited financial statements of the Company as of 
March 31, 2026, as per applicable provisions of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations.  
6.4 The Buyback Size does not include any transaction costs viz. brokerage, applicable taxes , 
securities transaction tax , goods and services tax,  stamp duty, expenses incurred or to be 
incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI , advisors/legal fees,  intermediary fees,  
public announcement , publication expenses , printing and dispatch expenses  and other 
incidental and related expenses, etc.  (“Transaction Costs ”) 
6.5 The Equity Shares are currently listed on the NSE and the BSE. The Company’s ADS s, as 
evidenced by ADRs, are traded in the U.S. on the NYSE.  
6.6 The Buyback is being undertaken on a proportionate basis from all Eligible Shareholders , 
including : (i) the Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company  (including members thereof) 
and their associates who hold Equity Shares or persons in control (including such persons 
acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date  through the Tender Offer 
route prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of th e Buyback Regulations  read with Regulation 
9(x) of the Buyback Regulations . Additionally, the Buyback shall be, subject to applicable laws, 
implemented by tendering of Equity Shares by Eligible Shareholders and settlement of the 
same through the stock exch ange mechanism as specified in  SEBI Circulars . In this regard, 
the Company will request  the BSE and NSE to provide the acquisition window for facilitating 
tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback. For the purposes of this Buyback, the BSE  will 
be the Designated Stock Exchange.  
6.7 The maximum amount proposed to be utili sed for the Buyback, does not exceed ₹ 
1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) , excluding the Transaction Costs  
and is therefore within the limit of 25% of the aggregate total paid-up Equity Share capital and 
free reserves of the Company, based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements  
of the Company as on March 31 , 2026. 
6.8 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of the (i) Promoter and Promoter Group and 
persons in control, and (ii) directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group  as on the date of the Public Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026, are as follows : 
6.8.1  Aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group  and persons who are in control 
as on the date of the Public Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026: 
Sl. No.  Name of Shareholder  No. of Equity 
Shares  % Shareholding  
1.  Azim H Premji  43,11,56,714  4.11 
2.  Yasmeen A Premji  51,18,756  0.05 
3.  Rishad Azim Premji  1,35,37,782  0.13 
4.  Tariq Azim Premji  1,32,38,430  0.13 
5.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing 
Hasham Traders  1,88,68,26,730  17.97 
6.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim 
Traders  2,16,02,97,946  20.57 
7.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash 
Traders  2,20,21,33,582  20.97  
8.  Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited  27,11,906  0.03 
9.  Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited(1) 2,77,24,830  0.26 
 
21 Sl. No.  Name of Shareholder  No. of Equity 
Shares  % Shareholding  
10.  Azim Premji Trust(2) 68,03,85,966  6.48 
11.  Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private 
Limited  19,37,08,256  1.84 
Total  7,61,68,40,898  72.53 
Note:  
1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic 
Initiatives Private Limited.  
2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust . 
6.8.2  Aggregate shareholding of the Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group, as on the date of the Public Announcement , i.e.,  May 22 , 2026 : 
Sl. No.  Name  No. of Equity 
Shares  % Shareholding  
1.  Azim H Premji  43,11,56,714  4.11 
2.  Rishad Azim Premji  1,35,37,782  0.13 
3.  Tariq Azim Premji  1,32,38,430  0.13 
4.  Yasmeen A Premji  51,18,756  0.05 
5.  Tekkethalakal K Kurien  16,11,880  0.02 
6.  Deepak Jain 2,50,258  0.00 
7.  Srinivasan Pagalthivarthi  1,70,888  0.00 
8.  Anurag Behar  1,60,122  0.00 
9.  Lakshminarayana Kollengode Ramanathan  35,016  0.00 
10.  Ayyagari Lakshmanarao  32,410  0.00 
11.  Bhoopalam Chandrashekharaiah Prabhakar  20,800  0.00 
Total  46,53,33,056  4.43 
 
6.9 The Company confirms that after the completion of the Buyback, the non -promoter 
shareholding of the Company shall not  fall below the minimum level required as per Regulation 
38 of the LODR Regulations.  
6.10 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Promoter  and Promoter Group, persons in control, 
Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group during a period 
of 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board Meeting at which the Buyback was approved 
and the date of the Postal Ballot Notice, i.e., April 16, 2026: 
(a) Aggregate of shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group and 
persons who are in control: NIL 
(b) Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Directors of companies which are part of 
the Promoter and Promoter G roup:  
1. Ayyagari Lakshman arao 
Name of the Promoter 
Company  Aggregate 
number of 
shares 
purchased/ 
sold Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
Price per 
Share (₹)  Date of 
Maximum 
Price  Minimum 
Price per 
Share (₹)  Date of 
Minimum 
Price  
Hasham Investment and 
Trading Co Private Limited  
and 
Prazim Trading and 
Investment Company 
Private Limited  4,850  Sale 270.90  Jan 8, 
2026  261.35  Jan 8, 
2026  
1,150  Sale 268.88  Dec 26, 
2025  265.74  Dec 26, 
2025  
 
  
 
22 7. INTENTION OF THE PROMOTER AND PROMOTER GROUP AND PERSONS IN CONTROL 
OF THE COMPANY TO PARTICIPATE IN BUYBACK  
7.1 In terms of the Buyback  Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoters and 
Promoter Group have the option of participat ing in the Buyback . In this regard, the Promoter 
and Promoter Group entities and persons in c ontrol of the Company have expressed their 
intention to participate in the Buyback vide their letter s dated April 16, 2026 and may tender  up 
to an aggregate maximum number  of 7,44,77,75,834  (Seven Hundred Forty -Four Crore 
Seventy Seven Lakh Seventy Five Thousand Eight Hundred  and Thirty Four)  Equity Shares or 
such lower number of Equity Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Buyback 
Regulations. Please see below the maximum number of Equity Shares to be tend ered by each 
of the Promoter and Promoter Group as well as persons in control of the Company:  
Sl. No.  Name of the Promoter and Promoter Group entity  Maximum No.  of Equity 
Shares intended to be 
offered  
1.  Azim H Premji  26,20,91,650  
2.  Yasmeen A Premji  51,18,756  
3.  Rishad Azim Premji  1,35,37,782  
4.  Tariq Azim Premji  1,32,38,430  
5.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham 
Traders  1,88,68,26,730  
6.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Prazim 
Traders  2,16,02,97,946  
7.  Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders  2,20,21,33,582  
8.  Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited  27,11,906  
9.  Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited (1) 2,77,24,830  
10.  Azim Premji Trust (2) 68,03,85,966  
11.  Prazim  Trading and Investment Company Private Limited  19,37,08,256  
Total  7,44,77,75,834  
Note:  
1. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic 
Initiatives Private Limited.  
2. Mr. Azim H Premji  has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of equity shares held by Azim Premji Trust.  
7.2 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter and Promoter Group or any Directors 
of the Company except to the extent of the cash consideration received by th em from the 
Company pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity 
Shareholders of the Company, and the change in their shareholding as per the response 
received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Eq uity Shares which will lead to 
reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post Buyback.  
7.3 The details of the date and price of acquisition of the Equity Shares that the Promoter and 
Promoter Group intend to tender are set -out below:  
(i) Azim H Premji  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  Number of 
Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value (₹)  Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price (₹)  Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
August 24, 2005  Bonus  35,21,332(1) 2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  2,46,82,160  2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  6,17,05,400  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  4,11,36,933  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  13,10,45,825  2 - - 
Total   26,20,91,650     
Note:  
1. Out of originally allotted 1,85,11,620 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus, an aggregate of 47,60,108 
Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company on July 4, 2023 
at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  Further, on January 20, 2024, an aggregate of 1,02,30,180 Equity 
Shares of ₹ 2/ - each were gifted to Rishad Azim Premji and Tariq Azim Prem ji, part of the promoter 
group.  
  
 
23 (ii) Yasmeen A Premji  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  Number of 
Equity Shares  Face 
Value (₹)  Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price (₹)  Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
June 29, 2004  Bonus  34,402(1) 2 - - 
August 24, 2005  Bonus  3,28,800  2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  4,25,066  2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  10,62,666  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  7,08,444  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  25,59,378  2 - - 
Total   51,18,756     
Note:  
1. Originally allotted 2,19,200 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus. An aggregate of 1,44,006 Equity 
Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share, of which 54,406 Equity Shares were part of this allotment. Further, 
on July  4, 2023, an aggregate of 1,30,392 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each were tendered and accepted 
pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  
(iii) Rishad Azim Premji  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue/ 
Acquisition 
(₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
August 24, 2005  Bonus  1,30,692(1) 2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  3,78,666  2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  6,86,666  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  4,57,777  2 - - 
January 20, 2024  Gift from Mr.  
Azim H 
Premji  51,15,090  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  67,68,891  2 - - 
Total   1,35,37,782     
Note:  
1. Originally allotted 3,09,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus, out of which an aggregate of 93,052 
Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the 
Company at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 84,256 Equity 
Shares of ₹ 2/ - each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price 
of ₹ 445/- per Equity Share.  
(iv) Tariq Azim Premji  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue/ 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
June 29, 2004  Bonus  11,073(1) 2 - - 
August 24, 2005  Bonus  79,500  2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  1,06,000  2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  2,65,000  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  1,76,666  2 - - 
September 13, 
2021  Market 
Purchase  8,65,886(2) 2 667.76   
January 20, 2024  Gift from Mr. 
Azim H 
Premji  51,15,090 2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  66,19,215  2 - - 
Total   1,32,38,430     
Note:  
1. Originally allotted 53,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus. An aggregate of 35,911 Equity Shares 
were tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price  
of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share, of which 9,411 Equity Shares were part of this allotment. Further, on July 
4, 2023, an aggregate of 76,630 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each were tendered and accepted pursuant to 
the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share, of which 32,516 were part of this 
allotment.  
2. Originally acquired 9,10,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each on September 13, 2021. On July 4, 2023, an 
aggregate of 76,630 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyba ck 
by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share, of which 44,114 were part of this allotment.  
 
24 (v) Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Hasham Traders  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue/ 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
August 24, 2005  Bonus  6,19,49,750 (1) 2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  20,37,03,616(2) 2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  37,09,56,000  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  24,73,03,999  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  88,39,13,365  2 - - 
June 9, 2025  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Azim 
Premji Trust  11,90,00,000  2 250 Cash  
Total   1,88,68,26,730     
Note:  
1. Out of the originally allotted 15,34,50,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus as of August 24, 2005, 
an aggregate of 5,02,69,956 Equity Shares were accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to the 
buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. Further, an aggregate of 1,00,00,000 
Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on January 15, 2021 pursu ant to the buyback by the 
Company at a price of ₹ 400/ - per Equity Share. Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 3,12,30,294 
Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buy back by the Company at ₹ 445/ - per 
Equity Share.  
2. Out of the origina lly allotted 21,75,06,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus as of June 17, 2010, an 
aggregate of 1,38,02,384 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on July 4, 2023, pursuant to the 
buy back by the Company at ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  
(vi) Mr. Azim Hasham P remji Partner Representing Prazim Traders  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue/ 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
June 29, 2004  Bonus  75,44,420 (1) 2 - - 
August 24, 2005  Bonus  5,41,69,500(2) 2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  20,18,79,692(3) 2 - - 
March 19, 2013  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Hasham 
Traders  72,10,711(4) 2 440.05  Cash  
June 15, 2017  Bonus  45,29,06,791  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  29,69,37,859  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  1,02,06,48,973  2 - - 
June 9, 2025  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Azim 
Premji Trust  5,95,00,000  2 250 Cash  
June 11, 2025  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Azim 
Premji Trust  5,95,00,000  2 258.99  Cash  
Total   2,16,02,97,946     
Note:  
1. Out of originally allotted 6,39,99,500 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus as of June 29, 2004,  
a. An aggregate of 1,50,00,000 Equity Shares were sold on December 20, 2017, of which 98,30,000 
Equity Shares were out of this allotment  
b. An aggregate of 6,03,59,126 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback 
by the Company on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share, of which 2,44,69,195 
Equity Shares were out of this allotment  
c. An aggregate of 5,42,89,214 Equity Shares were tender ed and accepted pursuant to the buyback 
by the Company on July 4, 2023 at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share, of which 2,21,55,885 Equity 
Shares were out of this allotment.  
2. Out of originally allotted 16,25,08,500  Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus,  
a. An a ggregate of 1,50,00,000 Equity Shares were sold on December 20, 2017, of 
which  51,70,000  Equity Shares were out of this allotment.  
 
25 b. An aggregate of 6,03,59,126  Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback 
by the Company on September 9, 2 019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share, of which 3,45,72,622 
Equity Shares were out of this allotment.  
c. 75,00,000 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
on January 15, 2021 at a price of ₹ 400/ - per Equity Share.  
d. An aggregate of 5,42,89,214 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback 
by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share on July 4, 2023, of which 3,09,40,558 Equity 
Shares were from this allotment.  
e. Further, an aggregate of 4,49, 54,128 Equity Shares were sold by way of block trade on November 
8, 2024 at a price of ₹ 560/ - per Equity Share, of which 3,01,55,820 Equity Shares, pertains to this 
allotment.  
3. Out of originally allotted 21,66,78,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus, a n aggregate of 
4,49,54,128 Equity Shares were sold by way of block trade on November 8, 2024 at a price of ₹ 560/ - 
per Equity Share, of which 1,47,98,308 Equity Shares, pertains to this allotment.  
4. Out of originally acquired 97,20,791 Equity Shares of ₹2/ - each through inter -se purchase from Hasham 
Traders,  
a. 13,17,309 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. This is part of the aggregate of 
6,03,59,126 Equity S hares tendered and accepted on September 9, 2019 pursuant to buyback by 
the Company at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share.  
b. 11,92,771 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
on July 4, 2023 at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share. This is part of the aggregate of 5,42,89,214 
Equity Shares tendered and accepted on July 4, 2023 pursuant to buyback by the Company at a 
price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  
(vii) Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner Representing Zash Traders  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
June 29, 2004  Bonus  75,26,496(1) 2 - - 
August 24, 2005  Bonus  5,69,66,737(2) 2 - - 
June 17, 2010  Bonus  21,61,63,200  2 - - 
March 19, 2013  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Hasham 
Traders  72,10,710(3) 2 440.05  Cash  
June 15, 2017  Bonus  45,16,19,790  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  30,10,79,858  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  1,04,05,66,791  2 - - 
June 11, 2025  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Azim 
Premji Trust  12,10,00,000  2 258.99  Cash  
Total   2,20,21,33,582     
Note:  
1. Out of originally allotted 6,36,13,400 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus as of June 29, 2004,  
a. An aggregate of 6,12,01,078 Equity Shares were  tendered and accepted pursuant to buyback by 
the Company on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. Of which 3,39,83,659 
Equity Shares pertains to this allotment.  
b. On July 4, 2023 , an aggregate of 5,50,51,569 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant 
to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share. Of which, an aggregate of 
2,21,03,245 Equity Shares pertains to this allotment.  
2. Out of originally allotted 16,21,22,400 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus, as of August 24, 2005:  
a. 2,59,00,110 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. This is part of the aggregate of 
6,12,01,078 Equity Shares tendered and accepted pursuant to buyback by the Company on 
September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share.  
b. 75,00,000 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
on January 15, 2021 at a price of ₹ 400/ - per Equity Share.  
c. 4,00,00,00 0 Equity Shares were sold by way of block trade on November 8, 2024 at a price of ₹ 
560/- per Equity share.  
d. On July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 5,50,51,569 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant 
to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share. Of which, an aggregate of 
3,17,55,553 Equity Shares forming part of this allotment.  
3. Out of originally acquired 97,20,790 Equity Shares of ₹  2/- each through inter -se purchase from Hasham 
Traders, 13,17,309 Equity Shares were tendered and a ccepted pursuant to the buyback by the 
Company on September 9, 2019 at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. This is part of the aggregate of 
6,12,01,078 Equity Shares tendered and accepted pursuant to buyback by the Company on September 
 
26 9, 2019 at a price of ₹325/ - per Equity Share. On July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 5,50,51,569 Equity 
Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per 
Equity Share. Of which, an aggregate of 11,92,771 Equity Shares forming part of this allotment.  
(viii) Hasham Investment and Trading Co. Private Limited  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value ( ₹) Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
July 7, 2015  Shares 
received under 
court approved 
scheme of 
amalgamation  4,17,623(1) 2 - - 
June 15, 2017  Bonus  5,62,998  2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  3,75,332  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  13,55,953  2 - - 
Total   27,11,906     
Note:  
1. Originally received 5,62,998 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each under court approved scheme of 
amalgamation, out of which an aggregate of 76,294 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted on 
September 9, 2019 pursuant to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 325/ - per Equity Share. 
Further, on July 4, 2023, an aggre gate of 69,081 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant 
to the buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  
(ix) Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face  
Value ( ₹) Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
June 15, 2017  Bonus  86,60,363(1) 2 - - 
March 8, 2019  Bonus  52,02,052  2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  1,38,62,415  2 - - 
Total   2,77,24,830(2)    
Note:  
1. Originally allotted 1,00,69,955 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus, out of which an aggregate of 
51,82,115 Equity Shares were accepted on January 15, 2021 pursuant to the buyback by the Company 
at a price of ₹ 400/ - per Equity Share of which 7,03,344 Equity Shares was part of this allotment. Further, 
on July 4, 2023, an aggregate of 7,06,248 Equity Shares were tendered and accepted pursuant to the 
buyback by the Company at a price of ₹ 445/ - per Equity Share.  
2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of share s held by M/s Azim Premji 
Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited.  
(x) Azim Premji Trust  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value (₹) Issue/  
Acquisition 
Price (₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
March 8, 2019  Bonus  14,87,92,983(1) 2 - - 
December 4, 2024  Bonus  53,15,92,983  2 - - 
Total  68,03,85,966(2)    
Note:  
1. Originally allotted 20,61,53,875 Equity Shares of ₹ 2/ - each as bonus on March 8, 2019. An 
aggregate of 18,05,00,000 Equity Shares were transferred on June 11, 2025 inter -se to 
promoters Prazim Traders, and Zash Traders, of which 5,73,60,892 Equity Shares were out 
of this allotment.  
2. Mr. Azim H Premji has disclaimed the beneficial ownership of shares held by M/s. Azim 
Premji Trust.  
(xi) Prazim Trading and Investment Company Private Limited  
Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value (₹) Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
November 8, 2024  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Prazim 8,49,54,128  2 560 Cash  
 
27 Date of 
Transaction  Nature of 
Transaction  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
Value (₹) Issue / 
Acquisition 
Price ( ₹) Consideration 
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  
Traders and 
Zash 
Traders  
December 4, 2024  Bonus  8,49,54,128  2 - - 
June 9, 2025  Block Trade 
inter-se 
purchase 
from Azim 
Premji Trust  2,38,00,000  2 250 Cash  
Total   19,37,08,256     
 
8. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  
8.1 The Buyback is in accordance with Article 8.2 of the Articles, Sections 68, 69 , 70, 108  and 110 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, the SCD Rules , the Management 
Rules , LODR Regulations  and the Buyback Regulations.  The Buyback  is subject to such 
conditions and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the appropriate 
authorities while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, which may be agreed by 
the Board.  
8.2 The Buyback has been duly authori sed by a resolution of the Board of Directors dated April 16, 
2026. The  Equity Shareholders have approved the Buyback by a special resolution passed by 
postal ballot through remote  e-voting in accordance with the provisions of Section 110 of the 
Companies Act and Rule 22 of the Management Rules , the results of which were declared on 
May 2 1, 202 6. 
9. NECESSITY OF THE BUYBACK  
9.1 The Buyback is being undertaken by the Company to return surplus funds to its equity 
shareholders, which are over and above its ordinary capi tal requirements and in excess of any 
current investment plans, in an expedient, effective and cost -efficient manner. The Buyback is 
being undertaken, inter alia, for the following reasons:  
(i) The Buyback will help the Company to distribute surplus cash to it s shareholders 
holding Equity Shares broadly in proportion to their shareholding, thereby enhancing 
the overall return to shareholders;  
(ii) The Buyback, which is being implemented through the tender offer route as prescribed 
under the Buyback Regulations, woul d involve a reservation of up to 15% of the 
Buyback Size for small shareholders. The Company believes that this reservation of 
up to 15% for small shareholders would benefit a large number of the Company’s public 
shareholders, who would be classified as “S mall Shareholders” under the Buyback 
Regulations;  
(iii) The Buyback would help in improving financial ratios like earnings per share and return 
on equity, by reducing the equity base of the Company; and  
(iv) The Buyback gives the Eligible Shareholders (as defined below) the choice to either 
(A) participate in the Buyback and receive cash in lieu of their Equity Shares which are 
accepted under the Buyback, or (B) not to participate in the Buyback and get a resultant 
increase in their percentage shareholding in the C ompany post the Buyback, without 
additional investment.  
10. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION  AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE 
BUYBACK ON THE COMPANY  
10.1 The Buyback  is not likely to cause any material impact on the profitability/  earnings of the 
Company , except a  reduction in the amount available for investment, which the Company could 
have otherwise deployed towards  generating investment income. Assuming that the response 
to the Buyback  is to the extent of 100% (full Acceptance ) from all the Eligible Shareholders up  
 
28 to their Buyback  Entitlement, the funds deployed by the Company towards  the Buyback  would 
be ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen Thousand  Crore only ) excluding Transaction Costs . 
10.2 Assuming  that the  response to the Buyback  is to the extent of 100% (full Acceptance ) from all 
the Eligible Shareholders up  to their Buyback  Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group post completion of the Buyback  may increase from 72.53% to 
73.01 %. Also, if none of the public shareholders participate and only the Promoter and 
Promoter Group participate to the extent of the Buyback Entitlement, their shareholding may 
reduce from 72.53% to 71.48 % of the total equity share capital of the Company.  
10.3 Assum ing that the response to the Buyback  is to the extent of 100% (full Acceptance) from all 
the Eligible Shareholders up to their Buyback  Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the 
public and others post Buyback  may decrease  from 27.27 % to 26.99 %. 
10.4 The Buyback  shall not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management  
structure of the Company.  
10.5 Consequent to the Buyback  and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from Non -
Resident  Shareholders, Indian financial institutions,  banks, mutual funds and the public 
including other bodies corporate,  the shareholding of each such person shall undergo a change.  
The FIIs/ FPIs are advised to ensure that their investment in the Company continues to be 
within the limit prescribed under a pplicable laws, post completion of the Buyback.  
10.6 The debt -equity ratio following the Buyback , both on standalone and consolidated basis,  shall 
be compliant with the permissible limit of 2:1 prescribed by the  Companies Act even if the 
response to the Buyback  is to the extent of 100% (full Acceptance ) from all the Eligible 
Shareholders up  to their Buyback  Entitlement.  
10.7 The Buyback  is not expected to impact growth opportunities for the Company.  
10.8 The Promoter and Promoter Group or their associates shall not deal i n the Equity Shares of the 
Company on the Stock Exchanges  or off market, including by way of inter -se transfer(s) of 
Equity Shares among the Promoter and Promoter Group , during the period  from the date of 
passing the special resolution  by the shareholders of the Company  till the closing of the offer. 
10.9 Except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further capital for 
a period of  either  six months or one year , as the case may be , under the Companies Act and  
Buyback Regulations, respectively,  from the expiry of the Buyback Period . 
10.10  Subject to applicable law, the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified 
securities, including by way of bonus  issue till the expiry of the Buyback Period, except  in 
discharge of subsisting obligations through conversion of stock option schemes into Equity 
Shares. As of the date of th e Public Announcement, the Company has 9,12,03,496 (Nine Crore 
Twelve Lakh Three Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety -Six only) Restricted Stock Units 
(“RSUs ”) and American Depository Securities - Restricted Stock Units (“ ADS -RSUs ”), which 
the Company may honour under its RSU and ADS -RSU schemes, respectively.  Further, there 
is no potential impact of subsisting obligations.  
10.11  The Com pany is not undertaking the Buyback so as to delist its sh ares from the Stock 
Exchanges.  
10.12  Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on the standalone audited 
financial statements as on March  31, 2026 are as under:   
Parameters (based on audited standalone financial statements 
for the year ended March 31 , 2026) Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback  
Net Worth (₹ in millions)(1) 636,797  486,797  
Return on Net Worth (%)(2) 19.05  24.92  
Earnings Per Share – Basic (in ₹)(3)(4) 11.59  12.28  
Earnings Per Share – Diluted (in ₹)(3)(4) 11.55  12.25  
 
29 Parameters (based on audited standalone financial statements 
for the year ended March 31 , 2026) Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback  
Book Value per Equity Share (in ₹)(5) 60.71  49.23  
P/E as per latest audited financial results(6)(7) 17.51  16.52  
Total Debt/Equity Ratio (in times)(8) 0.10 0.13 
Note:  
(1) Net Worth  is excluding revaluation reserves and miscellaneous expenditure to the extent not written off . The post 
Buyback Net Worth is only adjusted for the Buyback Size of ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore 
only) . 
(2) Return on Net Worth = Profit After  Tax / Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves).  
(3) Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax / Weighted  Average Number of shares outstanding for the period . 
(4) Earnings per Share post buyback is computed after reducing proposed buyback shares from weighted  average 
number of shares outstanding for the period . 
(5) Book value per Share = Net Worth (excluding Revaluation Reserves)/Number of shares at the end of the period . 
(6) P/E as per latest audited financial results = Market Value per share / Earnings per share 
(7) Market value has been taken as ₹202.87 (price on NSE as of April 9, 2026 for both pre and post buyback) for P/E 
ratio as the date of intimation of the Board Meeting for considering the Buyback was April 9, 2026.  
(8) Total Debt/ Equity Ratio = Total Debt / Net Wort h (excluding revaluation reserves)  
• Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including current maturities) and current borrowings (including 
working capital loans)  
The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed Buyback 
amount (assuming full acceptance), without factoring in any impact in the statement of profit 
and loss due to reduction in cash . 
10.13  Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback  based on the consolidated  audited 
financial statements  as on March 31 , 2026 are as under:  
Parameters (based on audited consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended March 31 , 2026) Pre Buyback  Post Buyback  
Net Worth (₹ in millions)(1) 880,183  730,183  
Return on Net Worth (%)(2) 14.99  18.07  
Earnings Per Share – Basic (in ₹)(3)(4) 12.60  13.36  
Earnings Per Share – Diluted (in ₹)(3)(4) 12.56  13.33  
Book Value per Equity Share (in ₹)(5) 83.92  73.84  
P/E as per latest audited financial results(6)(7) 16.10  15.18  
Total Debt/Equity Ratio (in times)(8) 0.19 0.23 
Note:  
(1) Net Worth is excluding revaluation reserves and miscellaneous expenditure to the extent not written off.  The post 
Buyback Net Worth is only adjusted for the Buyback Size of ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore 
only) . 
(2) Return on Net Worth = Profit After Tax attributable to equity holders of the Company / Net Worth (excluding 
revaluation reserves).  
(3) Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax attributable to equity holders of the Company / Weighted  Average Number 
of shares  outstanding for the period  
(4) Earnings per Share post buyback is computed after reducing proposed buyback shares from weighted  average 
number of shares outstanding for the period  
(5) Book value per Share = Net Worth (excluding Revaluation Reserves) / Number of shares  at the end of the peri od 
(6) P/E as per latest audited financial results = Market Value per Share / Earnings per Share  
(7) Market value  has been taken as ₹ 202.87 (price on NSE as of April 09, 2026 for both pre and post buyback) for 
P/E ratio as the date of intimation of the Board Meeting for considering the Buyback was April 09, 2026.  
(8) Total Debt/ Equity Ratio = Total Debt / Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves)  
• Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including current maturities) and current borrowings (including 
working c apital loans)  
The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed Buyback 
amount (assuming full acceptance), without factoring in any impact  in the statement of profit 
and loss due to reduction in cash.  
11. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  
11.1 The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at the Buyback Price , i.e.,  
₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty  only)  per Equity Share . 
11.2 The Buyback Price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty  only) per Equity Share has been 
arrived at after considering various factors such as (i) the share price benchmarks on the NSE, 
 
30 the stock exchange where the maximum volume of trading in the Equity Shares is recorded, (ii) 
the net worth of the Company, and  (iii) the impact on the earnings per Equity Share.  
11.3 The Buyback Price represents a premium of 16.30 % over the volume weighted average market 
price of the Equity Shares on the NSE for the 60 (sixty) trading days preceding the date of 
intimation to the Stock  Exchanges of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback 
and 28.51% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity Shares on the NSE 
for the 10 (ten) trading days preceding the date of intimation to the Stock Exchanges of the 
Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback. The closing market price of the Equity 
Shares as on the trading day prior to the date of intimation of the Board Meeting for considering 
the Buyback, being April 08, 2026, was ₹ 203.42 (Rupees Two Hundre d Three and Forty -Two 
Paisa only) on NSE and ₹  203.30 (Rupees Two Hundred Three and Thirty Paisa only) on BSE.  
11.4 The Buyback Price is at a premium of 311.77 % of the book value per Equity Share of the 
Company, which as of March 31 , 2026 was ₹ 60.71 (Rupees Si xty and Seventy -One Paisa 
only) per Equity Share, on a standalone basis.  
11.5 The basic and diluted earnings per Equity Share of the Company prior to the Buyback, for the 
one year  ended March 31 , 2026 was ₹ 11.59 (Rupees Eleven and Fifty -Nine Paisa only) and ₹  
11.55 (Rupees Eleven and Fifty -Five Paisa only) per Equity Share, respectively on a standalone 
basis. Assuming full acceptance under the Buyback, the basic and diluted earnings per Equity 
Share of the Company will be ₹ 12.28 (Rupees Twelve and Twenty -Eight  Paisa only) and ₹  
12.25 (Rupees Twelve and Twenty -Five Paisa only)  per Equity Share post the Buyback, 
respectively on a standalone basis . 
11.6 The return on net worth of the Company was 19.05% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2026 
on a standalone basis, which  will increase to 24.92 % post Buyback, on a standalone basis, 
assuming full acceptance of the Buyback . 
12. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  
12.1 Assuming that the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100%  (full Acceptance) , the funds 
that would be utili sed by the Company for the purpose of the Buyback  would be  ₹ 
1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen Thousand Crore only) . 
12.2 The funds for the Buy back will be sourced from current balances of cash and cash equivalents 
and/or internal accruals of the Company . The Company does not intend to raise additional debt 
for the explicit purposes of the Buy back. Borrowed funds will not be used for the Buy back. 
12.3 This Buy back is not likely to cause any material impact on the earnings of the Company, except 
for the cost of finan cing the Buy back, being a reduction in the treasury income that the Company 
could have otherwise earned on the funds deployed . 
12.4 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves  or securities premium account , a sum equal 
to the nominal value of the Equity S hares bought back to the capital redemption reserve 
account, and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial 
statements. The funds borrowed, if any, from banks and financial institutions will not be used 
for the Buyback.  
13. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN  
13.1 In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has appointed 
Standard Chartered Bank , having its principal office at 1 Basinghall  Avenue, London, EC2V 
5DD and having its principal place of business in India at 112, "Serenity", 3rd Floor, East Wing, 
Koramangala Industrial Area, 5th Block, Koramangala, Bangalore 560 095, Karnataka, India , 
as the Escrow Agent . The Company, the Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent have 
entered into an Escrow Agreement dated May 22 , 2026 pursuant to which the Escrow Account 
in the name and style “WIPRO – BUYBACK 202 6 – ESCROW ACCOUNT ” bearing account 
number  45505447178  has been  opened with the Escr ow Agent. The Manager is empowered 
to operate the Escrow Account in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. In order to satisfy 
the obligations under Regulations 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations , a bank guarantee has been 
issued in favour of the Manager t o the Buyback. Accordingly, the Company has deposit ed 2.5% 
 
31 of the Buyback Size i.e., ₹ 3,75,00,00,000 (Rupees Three Hundred and Seven ty-Five Crore 
only)  into the Escrow Account . 
13.2 In accordance with Regulation 10 of the Buyback Regulations, the Company  shall immediately 
after the closure of the Tendering Period deposit the amount of consideration payable to Eligible 
Shareholders in a special escrow account with the Escrow Agent. Such consideration would be 
the aggregate of 90% of the amount lying in the  Escrow Account and the balance amount 
payable to the Eligible Shareholders, and will constitute the entire sum due and payable as 
consideration for the Buyback in terms of the Buyback Regulations.  
13.3 The Company  has adequate and firm financial resources to fulfil the obligations under the 
Buyback  and the same has been certified by  M/s. D. Prasanna & Co., Chartered Accountants , 
having its office at #192, S.C. Road, Basavanagudi, B engaluru  – 560004, India  
(Telephon e: +91 98451 67131; Membership No.: 211367; Firm Registration No.: 009619S ), 
vide a certificate dated May 22 , 2026. 
13.4 Based on the aforementioned certificate, the Manager to the Buyback  confirms that it is satisfied 
that firm arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback  are in place and that the 
Company has the ability to implement the Buyback  in accordance with the Buyback  
Regulations.  
14. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING  PATTERN  
14.1 The present capital structure of the Company  (as on date of this Letter of Offer)  is as follows:  
(₹ In million ) 
Sr. No.  Particulars  Pre Buyback  
1 Authori sed Share Capital:   
 12,54, 35,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹  2 each  25,087 
 2,50,00,000 Preference Shares of ₹  10 each  250 
 1,50,000  10% Optionally Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares of ₹100 
each  15 
 Total  25,352 
   
2 Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Capital:   
 10,50,22,70,387  Equity Shares of ₹  2 each  21,004 
 Total  21,004 
 
14.2 Assuming full Acceptance in the Buyback , the capital structure of the Company post Buyback  
would be as follows:  
(₹ In million ) 
Sr. No.  Particulars  Post  Buyback  
1 Authori sed Share Capital:   
 12,54, 35,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 2 each  25,087 
 2,50,00,000 Preference Shares of ₹ 10 each  250 
 1,50,000  10% Optionally Convertible Cumulative Preference Shares of ₹100 
each  15 
 Total  25,352 
   
2 Issued, Subscribed and Paid -up Capital:   
 9,90,22,70,387  Equity Shares of ₹ 2 each  19,804 
 Total  19,804 
 
14.3 Details of buyback programme s undertaken  by the Company  in the last three years are given 
below : 
Sr. No.  Opening Date  Closing Date  Method of Buyback  Equity Shares 
Bought Back  
1 22 June 2023  30 June 2023  Tender offer  26,96,62,921  
 
  
 
32 14.4 The Company confirms that:  
(i) all the Equity Shares of the Company for Buyback are fully paid -up; 
(ii) the Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or specified securities including by way 
of bonus issue till the expiry of the Buyback Period, except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations t hrough conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares. As of the date of 
the Public Announcement, the Company has 9,12,03,496 (Nine Crore Twelve Lakh 
Three Thousand Four Hundre d and Ninety -Six only) RSUs and ADR -RSUs, which the 
Company may honour under its RSU and ADS -RSU schemes, respectively. Further, 
there is no potential impact of subsisting obligations;  
(iii) the Company shall not make any further issue of the same kind of Equity  Shares or 
other securities including allotment of new Equity Shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the 
Companies Act or other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months after the 
completion of the Buyback except by way of bonus shares or Equity Sha res issued in 
order to discharge subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option 
schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity 
Shares;  
(iv) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company s hall not raise further 
capital for a period of either 6 (six) months or 1 (one) year, as the case may be, under 
the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations, respectively, from the expiry of the 
Buyback Period;  
(v) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through a negotiated 
deal whether on or off the Stock Exchanges or through spot transactions or through 
any private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;  
(vi) the Company has not completed a buyback of any of its securities during the period of 
1 (one) year reckoned from the date of expiry of Buyback Period of the preceding offer 
of buyback;  
(vii) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable  Equity 
Shares until the pendency of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
(viii) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through negotiated 
deal whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or th rough any 
private arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;  
(ix) there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of any deposits (including interest 
payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, payment of dividend 
or repayment of a ny term loans to any financial institution or banks (including interest 
payable thereon);  
(x) the Company has been  in compliance  with Section 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;  
(xi) The aggregate amount of the Buyback i.e. ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees Fifteen 
Thousand Cror e only) does not exceed 25% of the aggregate of the total paid -up capital 
and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audited standalone and 
consolidated balance sheet of the Company as on March 31, 202 6; 
(xii) the maximum number of E quity Shares propo sed to be purcha sed under the Buyback, 
up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares, does not exceed 25% of the total 
number of Equity Shares in the paid -up Equity Share capital as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated bala nce sheet of the Company as on March 31, 202 6; 
(xiii) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of 1 (one) year 
reckoned from the date of expiry of the Buyback Period;  
 
33 (xiv) there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation  or compromise or arrangement 
pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act;  
(xv) in accordance with Regulation 5(i)(c) and Clause (xii) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations, the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained the 
prior con sent of its lenders in case of a breach of any covenant with such lenders. The 
Company confirms that covenants with lenders are not being breached pursuant to the 
Buyback;  
(xvi) the Company shall earmark and make arrangements for adequate sources of funds for 
the purpose of the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations;  
(xvii)  the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the 
Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and/or the Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
(xviii)  the Company shall not utilize any money borrowed from banks or financial institutions 
for the purpose of buying back its Equity Shares;  
(xix) the Buyback shall not result in delisting of the Equity Shares from the Stock Exchanges;  
(xx) the Comp any shall transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/or 
such other sources as may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of 
the Equity Shares purcha sed through the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve 
account and the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited 
financial statements;  
(xxi) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the promoters and members of 
promoter group, and their associates, other than the Company, shall not deal  in the 
Equity Shares or other specified securities of the Company either through the stock 
exchanges or off -market transactions (including inter se transfer of Equity Shares) 
among the promoters and members of promoter group) from the date of the special 
resolution approving the Buyback till the closing of the Buyback offer;  
(xxii)  the Company shall ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and 
the Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically 
destroyed (if appli cable) in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and 
the Companies Act, including the rules made thereunder, within the specified timelines;  
(xxiii)  the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall 
not be more than t wice the paid -up Equity Share capital and free reserves after the 
Buyback based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company, whichever sets out the lower amount; and 
(xxiv)  the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equi ty Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment 
company or group of investment companies . 
14.5 The pre and post  Buyback shareholding pattern of the Company  is as follows:   
Category of Shareholder  Pre Buyback  Post Buyback(1) 
No. of Shares  % to the 
existing 
Equity Share 
capital  No. of Shares  % to post 
Buyback 
Equity Share 
capital  
Promoter and Promoter Group  7,61,68,40,898  72.53  7,23,01,06,517  73.01  
Foreign Investors (Including ADRs, 
Non-Resident Indians, FIIs, FPIs, 
Foreign Nationals, and Overseas 
Corporate Bodies)  1,21,68,26,162  11.59   
 
 
 
2,67,21,63,870   
 
 
 
26.99  Financial Institutions/Banks, NBFCs 
and Mutual Funds  59,08,46,761  5.63  
 
34 Category of Shareholder  Pre Buyback  Post Buyback(1) 
No. of Shares  % to the 
existing 
Equity Share 
capital  No. of Shares  % to post 
Buyback 
Equity Share 
capital  
Others (Public, Bodies Corporate, 
Clearing Members, Trusts and 
HUF)  1,07,77,56,566   10.26   
Total  10,50,22,70,387  100.00  9,90,22,70,387  100.00  
Note:  
1. Assuming response to the Buyback  is to the extent of 100% (full Acceptance ) from all the Equity Shareholders of 
the Equity Shares up  to their Buyback  Entitlement.  
14.6 Please refer to paragraph 6.8 on page 20 and 14.5 of this Letter of Offer for details regarding 
shareholding (pre and post Buyback) of the Promoter/Promoter Group in the Company.  
14.7 Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group, person s in control, 
Directors of companies which are a part of the Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company 
during a period of twelve months preceding the date of Public Announcement, i.e. , May 22 , 
2026 and the public announcement was published on May 25 , 202 6: None  
14.7.1  Aggregate of shares purchased or sold by the Promoter and Promoter Group and persons who 
are in control:  None  
14.7.2  Aggregate shares purchased or sold by the Directors of companies which are part of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group: Except as disclosed bel ow, no Equity Shares have been 
purchased or sold  by any of the Directors of Companies which are part of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group : 
1. Ayyagari Lakshman arao 
Name of the Promoter 
Company  Aggregate 
number of 
shares 
purchased/ sold  Nature of 
transaction  Maximum 
Price per 
Share (₹)  Date of 
Maximum 
Price  Minimum 
Price per 
Share (₹)  Date of 
Minimu
m Price  
Hasham Investment and 
Trading Co Private Limited  
and 
Prazim Trading and 
Investment Company 
Private Limited  4,850  Sale 270.90  Jan 8, 
2026  261.35  Jan 8, 
2026  
1,150  Sale 268.88  Dec 26, 
2025  265.74  Dec 26, 
2025  
1,850  Sale 271.40  July 4, 
2025  267.50  July 4, 
2025  
1,890  Sale 271.30  June 26, 
2025  267.19  June 26, 
2025  
2,500  Sale 249.81  June 4, 
2025  246.51  June 4, 
2025  
 
15. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY  
15.1 History of the Company  
(i) The Company was originally  incorporated on December 29, 1945, and is a leading 
global information technology, consulting and business process services company . 
The Company has over 2,50,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six 
continents . The name of the Company was changed from Western India Vegetable 
Products Limited  to Wipro Products Limited on June 7, 1977 , and subsequently to 
Wipro Limited on April 28 , 1984 . 
(ii) The Company has its registered office situated at Doddakannell i, Sarjapur Road, 
Bengaluru -560 035, India . The Company shifted its registered  office  from the State of 
Maharashtra to the State of Karnataka on July 10, 1996.  
(iii) The Equity Shares of the Company were listed in the year 1995 on the NSE (Code: 
Wipro) and an  application for listing of e quity shares was filed with BSE in the year 
 
35 1946 -47 (Code: 507685) . The ADRs of the Company were listed on NYSE  (Code: WIT)  
in the year 2000 . The ISIN Number of the Company is INE075A01022 . 
(iv) Pursuant to the order dated June 6, 20 25 of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench, the scheme of amalgamation for the merger of the wholly 
owned subsidiaries, namely Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas 
IT Services Private Limited, Wipro Technology Produ ct Services Private Limited, Wipro 
Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited  
(“Merger”) , with and into Wipro Limited, was approved. Under the scheme, the 
appointed date is April 1, 2025.  
15.2 Growth of Business  
(i) On standalone basis, for the financial years ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 
(restated  on account of merger ) and March 31, 2024, the Company recorded total 
income ₹ 760,942 million , ₹ 725,227  million  and ₹ 698,382 million  respectively, and 
profit afte r tax of ₹ 121,296  million , ₹ 109,131  million , and ₹ 91,186 million  respectively.  
15.3 The d etails of changes in the share capital of the Company since incorporation  as certified by 
the Company is as follows:  
Date of 
Allotment  Number of 
Equity Shares  Face 
Value  
(₹) Issue 
Price ( ₹) Nature of 
consideration  Cumulative 
Number of 
Equity Shares  Cumulative 
paid-up share 
capital ( ₹) 
January 22, 
1946  550 100 100 Cash  550 55,000  
January 22, 
1946  7,300  100 100 Cash  7,850  7,85,000  
April 12, 1946  9,150  100 100 Cash  17,000  17,00,000  
March 31,1971  5,667  100 NA Bonus(1) 22,667  22,66,700  
July 4,1980  22,667  100 NA Bonus(2) 45,334  45,33,400  
March 12,1985  1,500  100 100 Cash  46,834  46,83,400  
May 7,1985  45,334  100 NA Bonus(3) 92,168  92,16,800  
March 24,1987  - 10 NA Stock Split(4) 9,21,680  92,16,800  
June 30,1987  9,21,680  10 NA Bonus(5) 18,43,360  1,84,33,600  
January 15, 
1990  18,43,360  10 NA Bonus(6) 36,86,720  3,68,67,200  
November 
23,1992  36,86,720  10 NA Bonus(7) 73,73,440  7,37,34,400  
July 7, 1995  2,65,105  10 NA Merger(8) 76,38,545  7,63,85,450  
July 7,1995  76,38,545  10 NA Bonus(9) 1,52,77,090  15,27,70,900  
December 
4,1997  3,05,54,180  10 NA Bonus(10) 4,58,31,270  45,83,12,700  
October 
14,1999  - 2 NA Stock Split(11) 22,91,56,350  45,83,12,700  
October 19,  
2000  
October 30,  
2000  27,50,000  
4,12,500  2 $41.375 
per share 
(12) Cash(13) 23,19,06,350  46,38,12,700  
23,23,18,850  46,46,37,700  
October 31,  
2000 – March 
31, 2001  1,14,169  2 2 Cash(14) 23,24,33,019  46,48,66,038  
April 1,  2001 -
March 31,  
2002  32,670  2 2 Cash(15) 23,24,65,689  46,49,31,378  
April 1,  2002 -
March 31,2003  98,303  2 2 Cash(16) 23,25,63,992  46,51,27,984  
April 1,  2003 -
March 31,  
2004  1,95,160  2 2 Cash(17) 23,27,59,152  46,55,18,304  
April 1,  2004 -
June 28,  2004  56,478  2 2 Cash(18) 23,28,15,630  46,56,31,260  
June 29,  2004  46,56,31,260  2 NA Bonus(19) 69,84,46,890  1,39,68,93,780  
 
36 Date of 
Allotment  Number of 
Equity Shares  Face 
Value  
(₹) Issue 
Price ( ₹) Nature of 
consideration  Cumulative 
Number of 
Equity Shares  Cumulative 
paid-up share 
capital ( ₹) 
June 30,  2004 -
March 31,  
2005  51,23,632  2 2 Cash(20) 70,35,70,522  1,40,71,41,044  
April 1,  2005 -
August 23,  
2005  23,23,052  2 2 Cash(21) 70,58,93,574  1,41,17,87,148  
August 24,  
2005  70,58,93,574  2 NA Bonus(22) 1,41,17,87,148  2,82,35,74,296  
August 25, 
2005 -March 
31, 2006  1,39,67,119  2 2 Cash(23) 1,42,57,54,267  2,85,15,08,534  
April 1,  2006 -
March 31, 
2007  3,32,45,383  2 2 Cash(24) 1,45,89,99,650  2,91,79,99,300  
April 1, 2007 -
March 31,  
2008  24,53,670  2 2 Cash(25) 1,46,14,53,320  2,92,29,06,640  
April 1, 2008 to 
March 25, 
2009  25,58,623  2 2 Cash(26) 1,46,40,11,943  2,92,80,23,886  
March 26,  
2009  9,68,803  2 2 Cash(27) 1,46,49,80,746  2,92,99,61,492  
April 1, 2009 to 
June 16, 2010  46,66,940  2 2 Cash(28) 1,46,96,47,686  2,93,92,95,372  
June 17, 2010  97,97,65,124  2 NA Bonus(29) 2,44,94,12,810  4,89,88,25,620  
June 18, 2010 
to March 31, 
2011  49,96,335  2 2 Cash(30) 2,45,44,09,145  4,90,88,18,290  
April 1, 2011 to 
March 31, 
2012  43,47,083  2 2 Cash(31) 2,45,87,56,228  4,91,75,12,456  
April 1, 2012 to 
March 31, 
2013  41,78,502  2 2 Cash(32) 2,46,29,34,730  4,92,58,69,460  
April 1, 2013 to 
March 31, 
2014  33,82,543  2 2 Cash(33) 2,46,63,17,273  4,93,26,34,546  
April 1, 2014 to 
March 31, 
2015  27,25,765  2 2 Cash(34) 2,46,90,43,038  4,93,80,86,076  
April 1, 2015 to  
July 6, 201 6 16,70,252  2 2 Cash(35) 2,47,07,13,290  4,94,14,26,580  
July 7, 2016  (4,00,00,000 ) 2 NA Buyback(36) 2,43,07,13,290  4,86,14,26,580  
July 8, 2016 to 
March 31, 
2017  1,87,275  2 2 Cash(37) 2,43,09,00,565  4,86,18,01,130  
April 1, 2017 to 
June 14, 2017  21,73,762  2 2 Cash(38) 2,43,30,74,327  4,86,61,48,654  
June 15, 2017  2,43,30,74,327  2 NA Bonus(39) 4,86,61,48,654  9,73,22,97,308  
June 16, 2017 
to December 
18, 2017  5,42,117  2 2 Cash (40) 4,86,66,90,771  9,73,33,81,542  
December 19, 
2017  (34,37,50,000)  2 NA Buyback(41) 4,52,29,40,771  9,04,58,81,542  
December 20, 
2017 to March 
31, 2018  843,720  2 2 Cash(42) 4,52,37,84,491  9,04,75,68,982  
April 1, 2018 to 
March 7, 2019  16,23,050  2 2 Cash(43) 4,52,54,07,541  9,05,08,15,082  
March 8, 2019  1,508,469,180  2 NA Bonus(44) 6,03,38,76,721  12,06,77,53,442  
March 9, 2019 
to March 31, 
2019  58,667  2 2 Cash(45) 6,03,39,35,388  12,06,78,70,776  
 
37 Date of 
Allotment  Number of 
Equity Shares  Face 
Value  
(₹) Issue 
Price ( ₹) Nature of 
consideration  Cumulative 
Number of 
Equity Shares  Cumulative 
paid-up share 
capital ( ₹) 
April 1, 2019 to 
September 8, 
2019  14,24,187  2 2 Cash(46) 6,03,53,59,575  12,07,07,19,150  
September 9, 
2019  (32,30,76,923)  2 NA Buyback(47) 5,71,22,82,652  11,42,45,65,304  
September 10, 
2019 to March 
31, 2020  10,74,738  2 2 Cash(48) 5,71,33,57,390  11,42,67,14,780  
April 1, 2020 to 
January 18 , 
2021  19,80,699  2 2 Cash(49) 5,71,53,38,089  11,43,06,76,178  
January  19, 
2021 (23,75,00,000 ) 2 NA Buyback(50) 5,71,22,82,652  10,95,56,76,178  
January 20, 
2021 to March 
31, 2021  13,00,466  2 2 Cash(51) 5,47,91,38,555  10,95,82,77,110  
April 1, 2021 to 
March 31, 
2022  29,31,560  2 2 Cash(52) 5,48,20,70,115  10,96,41,40,230  
April 1, 2022 to 
March 31, 
2023  58,47,626  2 2 Cash(53) 5,48,79,17,741  10,97,58,35,482  
April 1, 2023 to 
July 6, 2023  9,24,252  2 2 Cash(54) 5,48,88,41,993  10,97,76,83,986  
July 7, 2023  (26,96,62,921 ) 2 NA Buyback(55) 5,21,91,79,072  10,43,83,58,144  
July 8, 2023 to 
March 31, 
2024  59,59,174  2 2 Cash(56) 5,22,51,38,246  10,45,02,76,492  
April 1, 2024 to 
December 3, 
2024  69,56,156  2 2 Cash(57) 5,23,20,94,402  10,46,41,88,804  
December 4, 
2024  5,23,20,94,402  2 NA Bonus(58) 10,46,41,88,804  20,92,83,77,608  
December 5, 
2024 to March 
31, 2025  79,47,245  2 2 Cash(59) 10,47,21,36,049  20,94,42,72,098  
April 1, 2025 to 
March 31, 
2026  1,62,76,409  2 2 Cash(60) 10,48,84,12,458  20,97,68,24,916  
April 1, 2026 to 
May 22, 2026  1,38,57,929  2 2 Cash(61) 10,50,22,70,387  21,00,45,40,774  
Notes:  
(1)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:3 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed in annual general 
meeting of the shareholders of the Company  held on September 30,1970. Bonus issue was undertaken through 
capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company.  
(2)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed at the extra 
ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on January 22,1980. Bonus issue was 
undertaken through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company . 
(3)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed in the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on December 28, 1984. Bonus issue was undertaken 
through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company . 
(4)  Upon subdivision of equity shares of face value of ₹ 100 (Rupees One Hundred only) each to ₹ 10 (Rupees Ten 
only) approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company dated December 29, 1986.  
(5)  Bonus issue in the ra tio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed in the 
extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on April 29, 1987. Bonus issue was 
undertaken through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Comp any. 
(6)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed in the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on August 29, 1989. Bonus issue was undertaken 
through capitalisation of the gen eral Reserves of the Company.  
(7)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a special resolution passed in the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on July 16, 1992. Bonus issue was undertaken through 
capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company.  
(8)  2,65,105 Equity Shares were allotted to the existing shareholders of Wipro Infotech Ltd. and Wipro Systems Ltd. 
pursuant to the scheme of amalgamation between these Companies, and Wipro Limited, and  their respective 
shareholders (the “Scheme of Amalgamation”) which was approved by The High Court of Judicature at Bombay 
vide their order dated June 15, 1995.  
 
38 (9) Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through a resolution passed in the extraordinary 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on January 27,1995. Bonus issue was undertaken 
through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company.  
(10)  Bonus issue in the ratio 2:1 authori sed by the shareholders throug h a special resolution passed in the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on September 4, 1997. Bonus issue was undertaken 
through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company.  
(11)  Upon subdivision of equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 (Rupees Ten only) each to ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) each 
approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company dated July 29, 1999.  
(12)  The conversion rate of 1 US$ being ₹ 46.45 (Rupees Forty Six and Fort Five Paisa only) as per the ADR 
prospectus.  
(13)  ADRs were issued in year 2000 at issue price of $41.375/ share with a face value of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) 
(converted to $). ₹ 57,964 lakh (Rupees Five Hundred and Seventy Nine Crore and Sixty Four Lakh only) was 
credited to share premium account of the Company . 
(14)  1,14,169  (One Lakh Fourteen Thousand One Hundred and Sixty Nine) E quity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per  share . 
(15)  32,670  (Thirty Two Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy) E quity Shares of the Company allotted to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company  at an exercise price of ₹ 2 
(Rupees Two only) per share . 
(16)  98,303  (Ninety Eight Thousand Three Hundred and Three)  Equity Shares of the Company allotted to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exe rcise price of ₹ 2 
(Rupees Two only) per share . 
(17)  1,95,160  (One Lakh Ninety Five Thousand One Hundred and Sixty) E quity Shares of the Company allotted to 
various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exerc ise price 
of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(18)  56,478 (Fifty Six Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy Eight) E quity Shares of the Company allotted to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise pr ice of ₹ 2 
(Rupees Two only) per share . 
(19)  Bonus issue in the ratio 2:1 authori sed by the shareholders  of the Company  through a special resolution passed 
in the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company  held on June 11, 2004. Bonus issue was 
undertaken through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company.  
(20)  51,23,632 (Fifty One Lakh Twenty Three Thousand Six Hundred and Thirty Two ) Equity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees o f the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(21)  23,23,052  (Twenty Three Lakh Twenty Three Thousand and Fifty Two) E quity Shares of the Company  allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(22)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders of the Company through a special resolution passed 
in the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Company held on July 21, 2005. Bonus issue was 
undertaken through capitalisation of the capital redemption reserve and part of the share premium of the 
Company.  
(23)  1,39,67,119  (One Crore Thirty Nine Lakh Sixty Seven Thousand One Hundred and Nineteen)  Equity Shares of 
the Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the 
Company at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(24)  3,32,45,383  (Three Crore Thirty Two Lakh Forty Five Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty Three)  Equity Shares 
of the Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the 
Company at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(25)  24,53,670  (Twenty Four Lakh Fifty Three Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy) E quity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise pri ce of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(26)  25,58,623  (Twenty Five Lakh Fifty Eight Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty Three)  Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company  
at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share.  
(27)  9,68,803  (Nine Lakh Sixty Eight Thousand Eight Hundred and Three) E quity Shares were allotted to the 
shareholders of MPact Technology Services Pvt. Ltd., MPower Software Services (India) Pvt L td. and CMango 
India Pvt. Ltd. pursuant to the scheme of amalgamation between these companies, Wipro Limited, and their 
respective shareholders, which was approved by the High Court of Karnataka vide order dated January 10, 2008 
and High Court of Judicatur e at Bombay vide order dated March 14,2008 . 
(28)  46,66,940 (Forty Six Lakh Sixty Six Thousand Nine Hundred and Forty) E quity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exe rcise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share. 
(29)  Bonus issue in the ratio 2:3 authori sed by the shareholders of the Company through postal ballot on June 4, 
2010. Bonus issue was undertaken through capitalisation of the securities premium of the Company.  
(30)  49,96,335  (Forty Nine Lakh Ninety Six Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty Five) E quity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees  Two only) per share . 
(31)  43,47,083  (Forty Three Lakh Forty Seven Thousand and Eighty Three)  Equity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(32)  41,78,502  (Forty One Lakh Seventy Eight Thousand Five Hundred and Two) E quity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of  ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(33)  33,82,543  (Thirty Three Lakh Eighty Two Thousand Five Hundred and Forty Three) E quity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exe rcise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
 
39 (34)  27,25,765  (Twenty Seven Lakh Twenty Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Five ) Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(35)  During the period April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016, 16 ,70,252  (Sixteen Lakh Seventy Thousand Two Hundred 
and Fifty Two)  Equity Shares of the Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various 
stock option plans of the Company at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share. There were no 
allotment s of equity shares during the period April 1, 2016 to July 6, 2016 . 
(36)  4,00,00,000 (Four Crore) E quity Shares w ere bought back by the Company from its shareholders through the 
Tender Offer route at a price of ₹ 625 ( Rupees Six Hundred and Twenty Five Only) per  share.  
(37)  1,87,275 (One Lakh Eighty Seven Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy Five) E quity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(38)  21,73,762  (Twenty One Lakh Seventy Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Two)  Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(39)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through postal ballot on June 3, 2017. Bonus issue 
was undertaken through capitalisation of the general reserves of the Company . 
(40)  5,42,117  (Five Lakh Forty Two Thousand One Hundred and Seventeen)  Equity Shares of the Company allotted 
to var ious employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per share . 
(41)  34,37,50,000 (Thirty Four Crore  Thirty Seven Lakh and Fifty Thousand) Equity Shares were bought back by the 
Company from its shareholders through the Tender Offer route at a price of ₹ 320 ( Rupees Three Hundred and 
Twenty only) per  share.  
(42)  8,43,720 (Eight Lakh Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty) Equity Shares of the Company  allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(43)  16,23,050 (Sixteen Lakh Twenty Three Thousand and Fifty) Equity Shares of the Company allotted  to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise price of ₹ 2 
(Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(44)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:3 authori sed by the shareholders through postal ballot on February 22, 2019. Bonus 
issue was undertaken through capitalisation of free reserves, securities premium account and capital redemption 
reserve of the Company.  
(45)  58,667 (Fifty Eight Thousand Six Hundred an d Sixty Seven) Equity Shares of the Company allotted to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise price of ₹ 2 
(Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(46)  14,24,187 ( Fourteen Lakh Twenty Four Thousand One Hundred and Eighty Seven ) Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exercise price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(47)  32,30,76,923 (Thirty Two Crore Thirty L akh Seventy Six Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty Three) Equity 
Shares were bought back by the Company from its shareholders through the Tender Offer route at a price of ₹ 
325 ( Rupees Three Hundred and Twenty Five only) per  share.  
(48)  10,74,738 (Ten Lakh Seventy Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty Eight) Equity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(49)  19,80,699  (Nineteen Lakh Eighty Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety Nine ) Equity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹ 2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(50)  23,75, 00,000 (Twenty  Three  Crore  Seventy  Five Lakh) Equity Shares were bought back by the Company from 
its shareholders through the Tender Offer route at a price of ₹ 400( Rupees Four Hundred only) per  share.  
(51)  13,00,466 ( Thirteen  Lakh Four Hundred and Sixty Six) Equity Shares of the Company allotted to various 
employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise price of ₹  2 
(Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(52)  29,31,560 (Twenty Nine Lakh Thirty One Thousand  Five Hundred  and Sixty) Equity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹  2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(53)  58,47,626 (Fifty Eight Lakh Forty Seven Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty Six) Equity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹  2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(54)  9,24,252 (Nine Lakh Twenty Four Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Two) Equity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹  2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(55)  26,96,62,921 (Twenty Six  Crore Ninety Six Lakh Sixty Two Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty One) Equity 
Shares were bought back by the Company from its shareholders through the Tender Offer route at a price of ₹ 
445 (Rupees Four Hundred and Forty Five only) per  share.  
(56)  59,59,1 74 (Fifty Nine Lakh Fifty Nine Thousand One Hundred and Seventy Four) Equity Shares of the Company 
allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an 
exercise price of ₹2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(57)  69,56,156 (Sixty Nine Lakh Fifty Six Thousand One Hundred and Fifty Six) Equity Shares of the Company allotted 
to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company at an exercise 
price of ₹  2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(58)  Bonus issue in the ratio 1:1 authori sed by the shareholders through postal ballot on November 21, 2024. Bonus 
issue was undertaken through capitalisation of free reserves, securities premium account and capital redemption 
reserve of the Company.  
 
40 (59)  79,47,245 (Seventy Nine Lakh Forty Seven Th ousand Two Hundred and Forty Five) Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exercise price of ₹  2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(60)  1,62,76,409 (One Crore Sixty T wo Lakh Seventy Six Thousand Four Hundred and Nine) Equity Shares of the 
Company allotted to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the Company 
at an exercise price of ₹2 (Rupees Two only) per  share.  
(61)  1,38,57,929 (O ne Crore Thirty Eight Lakh Fifty Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty Nine) Equity Shares 
of the Company allotted  to various employees of the Company pursuant to various stock option plans of the 
Company at an exercise price of ₹2 (Rupees Two only)  per share.  
15.4 The details of the Board of Directors as on date of Public Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026 
are as follows:  
Name and Age 
of the Director  Designation  Qualifications  Date of Initial 
Appointment  Directorships in Other 
Companies and Bodies 
Corporate  
Mr. Azim H. 
Premji  
Age: 80 Non-Executive,  
Non 
Independent  
Director  
(designated as  
“Founder  
Chairman”)  Graduate degree in 
Electrical Engineering, 
Stanford University  September 1, 
1968  • Wipro Enterprises 
Private Limited  
• Wipro GE Healthcare 
Private Limited  
• Azim Premji 
Philanthropic 
Initiatives Private 
Limited  
• Azim Premji Safe 
Deposit Company 
Private Limited  
• Azim Premji Custodial 
and Management 
Services Private 
Limited  
• Azim Premji Trust 
Services Private 
Limited  
• Azim Premji Trustee 
Company Private 
Limited  
• Azim  Premji 
Foundation for 
Development  
• Azim Premji 
Foundation  
Mr. Rishad A 
Premji  
Age: 49 Whole -Time 
Director 
(designated as 
“Executive 
Chairman”)  • BA in Economics 
from Wesleyan 
University  and 
• MBA from 
Harvard Business 
School  May 1, 2015  • Wipro Enterprises 
Private Limited  
• Azim Premji 
Foundation  
• Wipro GE Healthcare 
Private Limited  
• Azim Premji 
Philanthropic 
Initiatives Private 
Limited  
 
41 Name and Age 
of the Director  Designation  Qualifications  Date of Initial 
Appointment  Directorships in Other 
Companies and Bodies 
Corporate  
• Azim Premji Trust 
Services Private 
Limited  
• Azim Premji Trustee 
Company Private 
Limited  
• Azim Premji 
Foundation for 
Development  
Mr. Deepak M.  
Satwalekar  
Age: 77  Independent 
Director  • B.Tech (IIT 
Bombay) and  
• MBA (The 
American 
University, 
Washington D.C., 
USA)  July 1, 2020  • Home First Finance 
Company India 
Limited  
• Germinait Solutions 
Private Limited  
Ms. Tulsi Naidu  
Age: 52  Independent  
Director  • Bachelor’s degree 
in Mathematics, 
Economics and 
Statistics from 
Nizam College, 
Hyderabad  
• Post Graduate 
Diploma in 
Management 
from Indian 
Institute of 
Management, 
Ahmedabad  July 1, 2021  • Zurich Kotak General 
Insurance Company 
(India) Limited  
Ms. Päivi Elina 
Rekonen 
Fleischer  
Age: 57  Independent 
Director  • Masters degrees 
in Social 
Sciences, and 
Economics and 
Business 
Administration 
from the 
University of 
Jyväskylä, 
Finland  October 1, 2022  • Konecranes Plc  
• IMD (NGO)  
• International 
Consolidated Airlines  
Group S.A (IAG)  
Mr. N S Kannan  
Age: 60  Independent 
Director  • Honours 
Graduate degree  
in Mechanical 
Engineering from 
NIT, Trichy  
• Postgraduate in 
management 
from IIM, 
Bangalore and  
• Chartered 
Financial Analyst 
from the ICFAI . October 1, 2023  • Transunion Cibil  
Limited  
• Jio Blackrock Asset 
Management Private 
Limited  
• Bangalore 
International Airport 
Limited  
 
42 Name and Age 
of the Director  Designation  Qualifications  Date of Initial 
Appointment  Directorships in Other 
Companies and Bodies 
Corporate  
 Mr. Srini vas 
Pallia  
Age: 59  Chief Executive 
and Managing 
Director  • Bachelor’s degree 
in Engineering 
and Master’s 
degree in 
Management 
Studies from 
Indian Institute of 
Science, 
Bangalore,  
• Global  
Businesses 
executive 
program from 
Harvard Business 
School and the 
Advanced 
Leadership 
Program from 
McGill Executive 
Institute.  April 7, 2024  -  
Ms. Laura Marie 
Miller  
Age: 61  Independent 
Director  • Bachelor of 
Science  in 
Information 
Systems 
Management 
from the 
University of 
Maryland.  
• Master of Science 
in Computer 
Systems 
Management 
from the 
University of 
Maryland . April 1, 2026  NCR Voyix  
 
15.5 The details of changes in the Board of Directors durin g the three years  preceding the date of 
the Public Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026 are as follows : 
Name of the Director  Appointment/ 
Resignation  Effective Date  Reasons  
Ms. Ireena Vittal  Retirement  September 30, 2023  - 
Mr. N S Kannan  Appointment  October 1, 2023  Appointment as an Independent 
Director  
Mr. Thierry Delaporte  Resignation  April 6, 2024  Resignation as Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director  
Mr. Srini vas Pallia  Appointment  April 7, 2024  Appointment as Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director  
Mr. Rishad A. Premji  Re-appointment  July 31, 2024  Re-appointment as Whole -Time 
Director designated as Executive 
Chairman  
Mr. Azim H. Premji  Re-appointment  July 31, 2024  Re-appointment as Non -Executive, 
Non-Independent Director  
Mr. Deepak M. 
Satwalekar  Re-appointment  July 1, 2025  Re-appointment as an Independent 
Director  
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis  Retirement  March  31, 2026  - 
Mr. Patrick Dupuis  Retirement  March  31, 2026  - 
 
43 Name of the Director  Appointment/ 
Resignation  Effective Date  Reasons  
Ms. Laura Marie Miller  Appointment  April 1, 2026  Appointment as an Independent 
Director  
Ms. Tulsi Naidu  Re-appointment  July 1, 2026  Re-appointment as an Independent 
Director  
 
15.6 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the Promoter and Promoter Group or any Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel  of the Company except to the extent of the cash consideration 
received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback 
in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the Company, and the change in their shareholding 
as per the response rec eived in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares , 
which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post the Buyback.  
16. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  
16.1 The salient financial information of the Company as extracted from the standalone audited 
results for last three years being March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as 
under : 
(₹ in millions unless stated otherwise)  
Particulars  Year Ended  
March 31, 2026 
(Audited)  March 31, 2025 
(Audited)  March 31, 2024 
(Audited)# 
Total Income  760,942  725,227  698,382  
Total Expenses (Excluding Interest and 
Depreciation)  576,749  554,071  551,092  
Interest  10,959  10,018  8,197  
Depreciation  14,182  15,013  14,918  
Profit before tax  159,052  146,125  124,175  
Provision for tax (including Deferred Tax)  37,756  36,994  32,989  
Profit/ (Loss) after tax  121,296  109,131  91,186  
Equity Share Capital ** 20,977  20,944  10,450  
Reserves and Surplus*  615,820  613,930  567,369  
Networth*  636,797  634,874  577,819  
Debt (excluding  working capital loans and 
including current maturities of long -term 
debt)  - - - 
Total Debt (including working capital loans 
and current maturities of long -term debt)  61,500  60,500  41,750  
* Excluding revaluation reserves and miscellaneous expenditure to the extent not written off  
**  Figures for the year ended March 31, 2024 is not given effect on bonus shares issued during the year ended 
March 31, 2025.  
#  March 31,2024 amounts are without giving impact of merger . (Vide its order dated June 6, 2025, the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the scheme of amalgamation for the merger of 
wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited, 
Wipro Technology Product Services P rivate Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design 
Services India Private Limited with Wipro Limited . As per the said scheme, the appointment date is April 1, 2025. 
Figures for the year ended March 31, 2025 have been restated on account  of merger.)  
Key Financial Ratios  
Particulars  Year Ended  
March 31, 2026  
(Audited)  March 31, 2025  
(Audited)  March 31, 2024  
(Audited)# 
Earnings per Share – Basic  (₹)(1) 11.59  10.44  8.62 
Earnings per Share – Diluted ( ₹)(1)  11.55  10.40  8.59 
Book Value Per Share ( ₹)(2) 60.71  60.63  55.29  
Return on Net worth (%)(3) 19.05  17.19  15.78  
Debt -Equity Ratio (in times)(4)  0.10 0.10 0.07 
Total Debt/ Net worth(5)  0.10 0.10 0.07 
# March 31,2024 amounts are without giving impact of merger . (Vide its order dated June 6, 2025, the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the scheme of amalgamation for the merger of 
wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Lim ited, 
Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design 
 
44 Services India Private Limited with Wipro Limited . As per the said scheme, the appointment date is April 1, 2025. 
Figures for the year ended Mar ch 31, 2025 have been restated on account of merger.)  
Below are the formulae used for computation of the above ratios:  
(1) Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax  /Weighted  Average Number of Shares outstanding for the period  
(2) Book value per Share = Net Worth  (excluding Revaluation Reserves)/ Number of Shares at the end of the 
period  
(3) Return on Net Worth = Profit After Tax  / Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves).  
(4) Debt -Equity Ratio = Total Debt/ Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves)  
(5) Total Debt/ Net Wor th = Total Debt/ Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves)  
16.2 The financial information of the Company as extracted from the consolidated audited results for 
last three years being March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are as under : 
(₹ in million s unless stated otherwise)  
Particulars  Year Ended  
March 31, 202 6 
(Audited)  March 31, 202 5 
(Audited)  March 31, 202 4 
(Audited)  
Total Income  964,977  929,724  923,911  
Total Expenses  (Excluding Interest and 
Depreciation)   748,128  710,672  729,845  
Interest  14,577  14,770  12,552  
Depreciation  29,107  29,579  34,071  
Share of net profit/ (loss) of associates 
accounted for using the equity method  257 254 (233)  
Profit before tax  173,422  174,957  147,210  
Provision for tax (including Deferred Tax)  40,767  42,777  36,089  
Profit after tax  132,655  132,180  111,121  
Profit attributable to equity holders of the 
Company  131,974  131,354  110,452  
Profit attributable to Non -controlling 
interest  681 826 669 
Equity Share Capital ** 20,977  20,944  10,450  
Reserves and Surplus*  859,206  802,697  734,880  
Net worth*  880,183  823,641  745,330  
Debt (excluding working capital loans and 
including current maturities of long -term 
debt)  73,014  63,954  62,300  
Total Debt  (including working capital loans 
and current maturities of long -term debt)  167,874  161,817  141,466  
* Excluding revaluation reserves and miscellaneous expenditure to the extent not written off  
**  Figure for the year ended March 31, 2024 is not given effect on bonus shares issued during the year ended March 
31, 2025  
Key Financial Ratios  
Particulars  Year Ended  
March 31, 202 6 
(Audited)  March 31, 202 5 
(Audited)  March 31, 202 4 
(Audited)  
Earnings per Share – Basic  (₹)(1) 12.60  12.56  10.44  
Earnings per Share – Diluted (₹)(1) 12.56  12.52  10.41  
Book Value Per Share (₹)(2) 83.92  78.65  71.32  
Return on Net worth (%)(3) 14.99  15.95  14.82  
Debt -Equity Ratio (in times)(4)  0.19 0.20 0.19 
Total Debt/ Net worth(5)  0.19 0.20 0.19 
Below are the formulae used for computation of the above ratios:  
(1) Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax  attributable to equity holders of the Company /Weighted  Average Number 
of Shares outstanding for the period  
(2) Book value per Share = Net Worth (excluding Revaluation Reserves)/ Number  of Shares at the end of the period  
(3) Return on Net Worth = Profit After Tax attributable to equity holders of the Company / Net Worth (excluding 
revaluation reserves).  
(4) Debt -Equity Ratio = Total Debt/ Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves)  
(5) Total Debt/ Ne t Worth = Total Debt/ Net Worth (excluding revaluation reserves)  
16.3 The Company hereby declares that it will comply with the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of 
Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, wherever and if applicable. The Company hereby 
declares that  it has complied with Sections 68, 69 and 7 0 of the Companies Act  and the SCD 
Rules.  
 
45 17. STOCK MARKET DATA  
17.1 The Equity Shares are  currently  listed and traded only on  the BSE and the NSE. 
17.2 The high, low and average market prices in preceding three calendar years and the monthly 
high, low and average market prices for the six months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026 and the corresponding volumes on the NSE (stock exchange 
where  the Company’s shares are most frequently traded)  are as follows:  
Period  High 
Price ( ₹) Date of High 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Low 
Price ( ₹) Date of Low 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Average 
Price ( ₹) Total Volume 
Traded in the 
period (No. of 
shares)  
PRECEDING 3 YEARS  
April 1, 202 5 – March 
31,2026  273.10  22-Dec-25 
(1,46,51,313)  186.50  30-Mar-26 
(2,79,46,986)  244.29  2,79,28,02,034  
December 3, 2024 - 
March 31, 2025  324.60  23-Jan-25 
(3,99,04,371)  256.25  19-Mar-25 
(1,40,44,300)  296.92  1,00,10,66,497  
April 1, 2024 - 
December 2, 2024*  596.00  27-Nov-24 
(68,29,838)  417.00  04-Jun-24 
(88,65,366)  511.92  1,34,73,12,616  
April 1, 202 3 - March 
31, 2024  545.90  19-Feb-24 
(93,01,379)  352.00  17-Apr-23 
(68,01,645)  425.63  1,53,35,86,501  
PRECEDING 6 MONTHS  
April 2026  212.98  16-Apr-26 
(3,63,05,074)  188.58  02-Apr-26 
(1,66,23,045)  202.41  55,89,34,480  
March 2026  205.95  11-Mar-26 
(2,91,99,002)  186.50  30-Mar-26 
(2,79,46,986)  194.31  34,08,94,422  
February 2026  259.89  03-Feb-26 
(2,59,15,412)  199.12  26-Feb-26 
(1,43,78,069)  220.03  39,15,51,617  
January 2026  272.50  07-Jan-26 
(1,02,42,615)  231.75  27-Jan-26 
(1,56,77,537)  253.42  24,41,60,182  
December 2025  273.10  22-Dec-25 
(1,46,51,313)  248.86  01-Dec-25 
(38,65,446)  261.30  16,29,45,139  
November 2025  251.99  28-Nov-25 
(70,49,965)  236.00  07-Nov-25 
(55,20,619)  243.97  15,32,46,080  
Source:  www. nseindia.com  
Note:  
1. High and Low price for the period are based on intra -day prices and Average Price is based on average of closing 
price.  
2. In case where the same price falls on two or more days, the day with the highest traded shares is considered . 
*  Excluding the date of bonus issue of (1:1) on December 3, 2024 . 
17.3 The high, low and average market prices in preceding three calendar years and the monthly 
high, low and average market prices for the six months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement , i.e., May 22 , 2026 and the corresponding volumes on BSE are as f ollows:  
Period  High 
Price ( ₹) Date of High 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Low 
Price 
(₹) Date of Low 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Average 
Price ( ₹) Total Volume 
Traded in the 
period (No. of 
shares)  
PRECEDING 3 YEARS  
April 1, 2025 – March 
31,2026  273.15  22-Dec-25 
(5,54,421)  186.50  30-Mar-26 
(4,65,125)  244.28  12,74,03,283  
December 3, 2024 – 
March 31, 2025  324.55  23-Jan-25 
(17,77,423)  256.35  19-Mar-25 
(5,98,548)  296.89  4,70,90,303  
April 1, 2024 – 
December 2, 2024*  596.00  27-Nov-24 
(6,90,475)  416.80  04-Jun-24 
(3,65,678)  511.84  8,15,68,604  
April 1, 202 3 – March 
31, 202 4 546.10  19-Feb-24 
(10,46,290)  351.85  17-Apr-23 
(2,22,607)  425.58  9,67,49,386  
PRECEDING 6 MONTHS  
April 202 6 212.75  16-Apr-26 
(21,92,586)  188.70  02-Apr-26 
(2,55,410)  202.41  2,50,88,180  
March 202 6 206.00  11-Mar-26 
(4,04,865)  186.50  30-Mar-26 
(4,65,125)  194.28  90,49,941  
 
46 Period  High 
Price ( ₹) Date of High 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Low 
Price 
(₹) Date of Low 
Price and 
Number of 
shares traded 
on that date  Average 
Price ( ₹) Total Volume 
Traded in the 
period (No. of 
shares)  
February 202 6 260.00  03-Feb-26 
(6,85,255)  199.20  26-Feb-26 
(4,44,255)  220.04  2,65,05,753  
January 202 6 272.40  07-Jan-26 
(5,12,244)  231.80  27-Jan-26 
(3,00,284)  253.41  1,23,56,719  
December 202 5 273.15  22-Dec-25 
(5,54,421)  248.90  01-Dec-25 
(2,09,460)  261.24  77,97,208  
November 202 5 252.15  28-Nov-25 
(2,54,870)  236.05  07-Nov-25 
(2,99,867)  243.97  65,77,798  
Source:  www. bseindia.com  
Note:  
1. High and Low price for the period are based on intra -day prices and Average Price is based on average of closing 
price.  
2. In case where the same price falls on two or more days, the day with the highest traded shares is considered.  
*  Excluding the  date of bonus issue of (1:1) on December 3, 2024 . 
17.4 The Company’s ADSs,  as evidenced by ADRs , are traded in the U.S. on the NYSE  under the 
ticker symbol “WIT”.  
17.5 Notice of the Board Meeting  convened to consider the proposal of the Buyback was given to 
the NSE and BSE on April 9, 2026. The proposal for the Buyback  was approved at the Board 
Meeting  and the intimation was sent to NSE, BSE and NYSE on the same day , i.e., April 16, 
2026. The closing market price of the Equity Shares on NSE, BSE and NYSE, during this 
period, are summari sed below.  
Event  Date  NSE 
(In INR)  BSE 
(In INR)  ADS  
(In USD)  
Notice of the Board Meeting convened to 
consider the proposal of the Buyback  April 9, 2026  202.87  202.90  2.26 
(One) Trading Day Post -Notice of Board Meeting  April 10, 2026   204.88  204.85  2.17 
(One) Trading Day Prior to Board Meeting  April 15, 2026   209.75  209.80  2.27 
Board Meeting Date  April 16, 2026   210.26  210.20  2.16 
(One) Trading Day Post-Board Meeting  April 17, 2026   204.32  204.35  2.19 
Date of declaration of result s of special 
resolution  May 21, 2026  199.74 199.80  1.98 
Date of the Public Announcement  May 22, 2026  203.11  203.10  2.01 
Date of publication of the Public Announcement  May 25, 2026  206.84  206.80  2.01 
(One) Trading Day  post publication of the Public 
Announcement  May 26, 2026  203.73  203.85  2.01 
 
17.6 The Buyback Price is at a premium of 15.22 % over the volume weighted average price of an 
ADS on the NYSE  for the 60 trading days preceding the date of the notice to the NSE and BSE  
of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback; i.e., April 9, 2026. The Buyback 
Price is at a premium of 26.67 % over the volume weighted average market price of an ADS on 
the NYSE for 10 trading days preceding the date of intimation to the Indian Stock Exchanges 
of the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the Buyback . The Buyback Price will be paid 
in Indian rupees. These amounts are based on the exchange rate o f ₹ 92.25  (Rupees Ninety -
Two and Twenty -Five Paisa only ) per USD as published by the Federal Reserve Board of 
Governors on April 8 , 2026. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and 
the U.S. dollar will affect the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Buyback. Shareholders are urged to 
obtain current exchange rate information before making any decision with respect to the 
Buybac k. 
18. DETAILS OF THE STATUTORY APPROVALS  
18.1 The Buyback is subject to approvals, if any, required under the provisions of the Companies 
Act, the Buyback Regulations, and applicable rules and regulations as specified by RBI under 
FEMA and/or such other applicable  rules and regulations for the time being in force. As on date, 
there are no other statutory or regulatory approval s required to implement the Buyback other 
than those indicated above.  
 
47 18.2 Buyback of Equity Shares from Non-Resident Shareholders i.e. shareholde rs who are persons 
resident outside India as per Foreign Exchange Management Act 1999, will be subject to 
approvals, if any, of the appropriate authorities as applicable. Non-Resident Shareholders  must 
obtain all approvals if required to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Buyback 
(including without limitation the approval from the RBI). It is the obligation of such Non-Resident 
Shareholders , NRI, OCI, OCB shareholders, to obtain such approvals (if required ) and submit 
such approvals along with th e Tender Form , so as to enable them to tender Equity Shares in 
the Buyback and for the Company to purchase such Equity Shares, tendered. Non-resident 
shareholders shall declare whether shares were held by them on “repatriable” or “non -
repatriable” basis. The Company will have the right to make payment to such Eligible 
Shareholders  in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and not Accept Equity 
Shares from the Eligible Shareholders  in respect of whom prior RBI  approval is required in the 
event copies of such approvals are not submitted.  
18.3 By participating  in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including the Non-Resident 
Shareholder ) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory/statutory filings and complian ces 
to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form FC -TRS. Further, by agreeing to 
participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder hereby: (a) authorises the Company to 
take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if  necessary, to be undertaken by 
the Company, for making any regulatory/statutory filings and compliances on behalf of each 
shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company for making 
any such regulatory/statutory filings a nd compliances.  
18.4 As of date  of this Letter of Offer , there are no statutory or regulatory approval s required to 
implement the Buyba ck, other than as indicated above.  If any statutory or regulatory approvals 
become applicable subsequently, the Buyback  will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approvals. In the event that the receipt of any statutory/regulatory approvals are delayed, 
changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback, if any, shall be intimated to BSE, NSE and 
the NYSE . 
18.5 As of the da te of th is Letter of Offer and pursuant to the Buyback, the Company has not 
breached any covenant with lenders and therefore, no prior approval needs to be obtained from 
the lenders.  
19. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRES  
19.1 Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback can send by 
Courier /speed post or hand deliver the Tender Form, TRS generated by the exchange bidding 
system along with all the relevant documents by super -scribing the envelope as “Wipro 
Buyback Offer 2026”, to the Registrar at its office set out below  so that the same  are received 
not later than the Buyback Closing Date i.e. Wednesday , June 17 , 202 6 by 5:00 PM IST: 
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium  Building , Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32 , 
Financial district, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,  
Hyderabad , Rangareddy , Telangana - 500032, India.  
Tel No: +91 40 6716 2222  
Contact person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Fax No.: +91 40 6716 1563  
Toll free No. : 18003094001  
Email: wipro.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Website:  www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Regn. No.:  INR000000221  
Corporate Identification  Number : L72400MH2017PLC444072  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS (OTHER THAN NON -RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS (EXCEPT 
FPIs)) HOLDING AND TENDERING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMAT FORM  ARE NOT 
REQUIRED TO  SUBMI T THE  TENDER FORM AND THE TRS. 
 
48 THE TENDER FORM  AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO 
THE COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK . 
20. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  
20.1 The Company proposes to Buyback  up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore)  fully paid -up Equity 
Shares from the Eligible Shareholders as on the Record Date, on a proportionate basis, through 
the Tender Offer route at the Buyback Price, i.e., ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and  Fifty only)  
per Equity Share, payable in cash for an aggregate amount of ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000/ - (Rupees 
Fifteen  Thousand Crore only) , excluding Transaction Costs . The maximum number of Equity 
Shares proposed to  be bought back represents 5.72% of the total number of Equity Shares in 
the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company  as on March 31 , 2026. The Buyback is in 
accordance with Article 8.2 of the Articles, Sections 68, 69 and 70 and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, the SCD Rules , the Management Rules and the Buyback 
Regulations  and subject to such conditions and modifications, if  any, as may be prescribed or 
imposed by the appropriate authorities while granting such approvals, permissions and 
sanctions, which may be agreed by the Board . The Buyback  Size is 24.99% and 19.99% of the 
aggregate of the fully paid-up equity  share capital and free reserves as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements, respectively, as on March 31 , 2026. The 
Equity Shareholders of the Company approved the Buyback, by way of a special resolution, 
through postal ballot through remote  e-voting, the results of which were announced on May 2 1, 
2026. 
20.2 The aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group  as at the date of the Public 
Announcement  is 7,61,68,40,898 Equity Shares which represents 72.53% of the existing equity 
share capital of the Company. In terms of the Buyback  Regulations, under the Tender Offer 
route, the Promoters and Promoter Group have the option to participate in the Buyback . In this 
regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group have expressed their inte ntion vide their letter s dated 
April 16 , 2026 to participate in the Buyback and may tender  up to an aggregate maximum 
number of 7,44,77,75,834 Equity Shares or such lower number of shares in accordance with 
the provision s of the Buyback Regulations/terms o f the Buyback . Please refer to paragraph 7 
on page 22 of this Letter of Offer for details on participation by the Promoter and Promoter 
Group.  
20.3 Assuming acceptance of all Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback from the Eligible 
Shareholders  up to their respective Buyback Entitlement, the shareholding of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group after the completion of the Buyback may increase from 72.53% to 73.01 % of 
the post -Buyback total paid -up equity share  capital of the Company. Also, if none of the public 
shareholders participate and only the Promoter and Promoter Group participate  to the extent 
of the Buyback Entitlement, their shareholding may reduce from 72.53% to 71.48 % of the total 
equity share capital of the Company.  
20.4 The Company expresses n o opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in 
the Buyback or not and, accordingly, Eligible Shareholders are advised to consult their own 
advisors to consider participation in the Buyback.  
20.5 Record Date and Ratio of Buyback  as per the Buyback  Entitlement in each Category:  
20.5.1  As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Company has fixed  Friday, June 5, 202 6 as 
the Record Date for the purpose of determining the entitlement and the names of the 
shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Com pany who will be Eligible Shareholders to 
participate in the Buyback.  
20.5.2  Holders of ADSs will not be eligible to tender ADSs in the Buyback. In order for such holders to 
participate in the Buyback, they must become direct holders of Equity Shares as of the Re cord 
Date. They, therefore, need ed to (i) establish an account with a bank, broker or other nominee 
in India sufficiently in advance of the Record Date to receive the withdrawn Equity Shares in 
DR type electronic demateriali sed form (a “ Brokerage Account ”) prior to the Record Date, (ii) 
submit the desired number of ADSs to JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A., as the ADR depositary 
(the “ Depositary ”) for cancellation  and withdraw the underlying Equity Shares no later than 
three  (3) New York business days prior to the Record Date  (an “Equity Share Withdrawal ”) 
 
49 and (iii) after receiving the Equity Shares in the Brokerage Account, tender into the Buyback 
any or all such withdrawn Equity Shares when the offering period for the Buyback commences.  
If a holder of ADSs did not  establish a Brokerage Account and effect an Equity Share 
Withdrawal in sufficient time prior to the Record Date, such holder is not eligible to 
participate in the Buyback.  
20.5.3  A registered holder of ADSs must have surrender ed such ADS to the Depository for 
cancellation along with requisite fees and a written order directing the Depository to cause the 
Equity Shares represented by the ADSs to be withdrawn and delivered to, or upon the written 
order of, a ny person designated in such order  prior to the Record Dat e. Persons holding their 
ADSs through a bank, broker or other nominee must  have  request ed such bank, broker or other 
nominee to surrender the ADSs to be cancelled,  have  paid the requisite fees to the Depositary 
and provide d the Depositary with the Withdraw al Order  prior to the Record Date . 
20.5.4  The Depositary will  have  charge d such holder a fee of U.S. $ 0.05 for each ADS surrendered 
for cancellation. These fees are payable whether or not the withdrawn Equity Shares are 
accepted for tender in the Buyback.  The Depositary will , on a best efforts basis , endeavor to 
deliver the Equity Shares to Brokerage Account in India. If the Depository is not able to do so 
for whatever reason, they will not be liable for any losses that may result to the holders of ADSs.  
20.5.5  Prior to the Record Date, holders of ADSs previously  received notice of the Buyback and 
information regarding surrendering the ADSs to the Depositary for cancellation and withdrawing 
the underlying Equity Shares through the Postal Ballot Notice such that they co uld become 
holders of Equity Shares as of the Record Date and be eligible to participate in the Buyback. 
Equity Shares trade on the Stock Exchanges and cannot be traded on the NYSE. Due to 
uncertainties under Indian law and the terms of the deposit agreeme nt, upon withdrawal of the 
Equity Shares underlying the ADSs, an equity holder currently cannot re -deposit the Equity 
Shares back into the ADR program to receive ADSs. There is no guarantee that any ADS holder 
that submit ted its ADSs for cancellation and w ithdrawal of the underlying Equity Shares will be 
able to tender successfully into the Buyback any or all of such Equity Shares. Equity Shares 
that are not accepted in the Buyback will remain outstanding, and the rights and obligations of 
any holder of suc h Equity Shares will not be affected.  
20.5.6  Participation in the Buyback will trigger Buyback Tax to be discharged by the Company . 
However, income received pursuant to such Buyback shall be exempt from income tax in India.  
ADS holders are advised to consult thei r own legal, financial and tax advisors prior to 
participating in the Buyback and requesting that the Depositary effect an Equity Share 
Withdrawal, including advice related to any related regulatory approvals and U.S., Indian and 
other tax considerations. In addition, prior to submitting any ADSs for withdrawal, ADS holders 
are advised to confirm that they have a Brokerage Account in India that can take delivery of the 
Equity Shares.  
20.5.7  The Equity Shares to be bought back as a part of this Buyback  are divided into two categories:  
20.5.7.1.  Reserved category for Small Shareholders ( the “Reserved Category ”); and  
20.5.7.2.  General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders  (the “General Category ”). 
20.5.8  As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations , a “Small Shareholder ” is a 
shareholder, who holds equity shares having market value, on the basis of closing price on the 
stock exchange having  highest trading volume, as on Record Date, of not more than ₹ 
2,00,000/ - (Rupees Two Lakh  only) . As on  the Record Date, the closing price on NSE was ₹ 
198.37 /- (Rupees One Hundred Ninety -Eight and Thirty -Seven  Paisa only ). Accordingly , all 
Eligible Shareholders holding not more than 1,008  Equity Shares as on the Record Date are 
classified as ‘Small Shareholders’ for the purpose of the Buyback.  
20.5.9  Based on the above definition, there are 30,15,488  Small Shareholders in the Company with 
aggregate shareholding of 45,76,79,267  Equity Shares as on the Record Date, which 
constitutes 4.36% of the outstanding number of Equity Shares of the Company  and 76.28 % of 
the maximum number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to buy back as a part of 
this Buyback . 
 
50 20.5.10  In compliance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback  Regulations, the reservation for the Small 
Shareholders, will be the higher of:  
20.5.10.1.  Fifteen percent of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to 
Buyback , i.e., 15% of 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore ) which is 9,00,00,000  (Nine Crore ) 
Equity Shares; or  
20.5.10.2.  The number of Equity Shares entitled as per their shareholding as on  the Record 
Date ,(i.e., (45,76,79,267 / 10,50,22,70,387)  x 60,00,00,000) which is 2,61,47,448  
(Two Crore Sixty One Lakh Forty Seven Thousand Four Hundred and Forty Eight)   
Equity Shares.  
20.5.10.3.  All the outstanding fully paid -up Equity Shares  have been used for computi ng the 
Buyback  Entitlement of Small Shareholders since the Promoter and Promoter 
Group also intend to offer Equity Shares held by them in the Buyback . 
20.5.10.4.  Based on the above and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback  
Regulations, 9,00,00,000  (rounded off) fully paid -up Equity Shares have been 
reserved for Small Shareholders. Accordingly, General Category for all other 
Eligible Shareholders shall consist of 51,00,00,000  (Fifty -One Crore)  Equity Shares.  
20.5.11  Based on the aforementioned , the entitlement  ratio of Buyback  for both categories is as follows : 
Category of Shareholders  Ratio of Buyback  
Reserved Category for Small Shareholders  11 Equity Shares out of every 56 fully paid -up 
Equity Shares held on the Record Date . 
General category for all other Eligible Shareholders  10 Equity Shares out of every 197 fully paid -up 
Equity Shares held on the Record Date . 
 
Note: The above ratio of Buyback is approximate and provides indicative Buyback 
Entitlement. Any computation of the Buyback Entitlement using the above Buyback ratio 
may provide a slightly different number than the actual entitlement due to rounding -off. 
The actual Buyback Entitlement factor for Small Shareholders under  the Reserved 
Category is 19.6644258303272 % and for other shareholders under the G eneral Category 
is 5.07735948539038 %. Also, the numbers arrived at using the actual Buyback 
Entitlement may not conform exactly to the Buyback Entitlement printed in the Tender 
Form due to rounding -off of the factor.  
20.6 Fractional Entitlements:  
20.6.1  If the Buyback  Entitlement under Buyback , after applying the above  mentioned ratios to the 
Equity Shares held on Record Date, is not a round number (i.e. not in the multiple of 1 Equity 
Share), then the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of Buyback  Entitlement 
to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback  for both categories of Eligible Shareholders . 
20.6.2  On account of ignoring the fractional entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 5 or less 
Equity Shares as on Record Date will be dispatched a Tender  Form with zero entitlement. Such 
Small Shareholders are entitled to tender Additional Equity Shares as part of the Buyback  and 
will be given preference in the Acceptance of one Equity Share, if such Small Shareholders 
have tendered Additional Equity Share s. 
20.7 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category for 
Small Shareholders:  
20.7.1  Subject to the provisions contained in th is Letter of Offer , the Company will Accept Equity 
Shares tendered in  the Buyback  by Small Shareholders  in the Reserved Category in the 
following order of priority:  
20.7.1.1.  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category, who have validly  tendered their Equity Shares to the extent of their 
Buyback  Entitlement or the number of Equit y Shares  tendered by them, whichever 
is less ; and  
 
51 20.7.1.2.  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph  20.7.1.1 above, in case there are 
any Equity Shares left to be bought back from Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category, the Small Shareholders who were ent itled to tender zero Equity Shares 
(on account of ignoring the fractional entitlement), and have tendered Additional 
Equity Shares as part of the Buyback , shall be given preference and one share each 
from the Additional Equity Shares applied by these Small  Shareholders shall be 
bought back in the Reserved Category.  
20.7.1.3.  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph  20.7.1.1 and 20.7.1.2 above, in 
case there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in the Reserved Category, 
the Additional Equity Shares tender ed by the Small Shareholders over and above 
their Buyback  Entitlement, shall be Accepted in proportion of the Additional Equity 
Shares tendered by them and the Acceptances per Small Shareholder shall be 
made in accordance with the Buyback  Regulations, i.e.  valid Acceptances per Small 
Shareholder shall be equal to the Additional Equity Shares validly tendered by the 
Small Shareholder divided by the total Additional Equity Shares validly tendered in 
the Reserved C ategory and multiplied by the total  pending number of Equity Shares 
to be Accepted in the Reserved Category . For the purpose of this calculation, the 
Additional Equity Shares taken into account for such Small Shareholders, from 
whom one Equity Share has been Accepted in accordance with paragraph  20.7.1.2 
above, shall be reduced by one.  
20.7.1.4.  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as 
described in paragraph  20.7.1.3 above:  
20.7.1.4.1.  For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the 
fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50, the fraction would be rounded 
off to the next higher integer.  
20.7.1.4.2.  For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares  to be Accepted , 
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional 
Acceptance is less than 0.50, the fraction shall be ignored.  
20.8 Basis of Acceptance of Shares validly tendered in the General Category:  
20.8.1  Subject to the provisio ns contained in th is Letter of Offer , the Company will Accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback  by all other Eligible Shareholders  in the General Category in 
the following order of priority:  
20.8.1.1.  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from other Eligible Shar eholders  in the General 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their 
Buyback  Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever 
is less.  
20.8.1.2.  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph  20.8.1.1, in case there are any 
Equity Shares left to be bought back in the General Category, the Additional Equity 
Shares tendered by the other Eligible Shareholders  over and above their Buyback  
Entitlement shall be Accepted in proportion of the Additional Equity Shares te ndered 
by them and the Acceptances per shareholder shall be made in accordance with 
the Buyback Regulations, i.e. valid Acceptances per shareholder shall be equal to 
the Additional Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder  divided by 
the t otal Additional Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category and 
multiplied by the total pending number of Equity Shares to be Accepted in the 
General Category.  
20.8.1.3.  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance as 
described in paragraph  20.8.1.2 above:  
20.8.1.3.1.  For any Eligible Shareholder , if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the 
 
52 fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 , the fraction would be rounded 
off to the next higher integer.  
20.8.1.3.2.  For any Eligible Shareholder  if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the 
fractional Acceptance is less tha n 0.50, the fraction shall be ignored.  
20.9 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between Categories  
20.9.1  In case there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in one category (“ Partially Filled 
Category ”) after  Acceptance  in accordance with the above described methodology for both the 
categories, and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered Equity Shares in the second 
category, the Additional Equity Shares in the second category shall be Accepted 
proportionately, i .e. valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder  shall be equal to the additional 
outstanding Equity Shares validly tendered by a n Eligible Shareholder  in the second category 
divided by the total additional outstanding Equity Shares validly tendered in the s econd 
category and multiplied by the total pending number of Equity Shares to be bought back in the 
Partially Filled Category . 
20.9.2  If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category, and the second category is the 
Reserved Category, for the purpose of th is calculation, the Additional Equity Shares tendered 
by such Small Shareholders, from whom one Equity Share has been Accepted in accordance 
with paragraph 20.7.1.2 on page 51 shall be reduced by one.  
20.9.3  Adjustment for fraction al results in case of proportion ate Acceptance, as defined in 
paragraphs  20.9.1 and 20.9.2 above:  
20.9.3.1.  For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted , 
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional 
Acceptance  is greater than or equal to 0.50, the fraction would be rounded off to the 
next higher integer.  
20.9.3.2.  For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be Accepted , 
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fraction al 
Acceptance is less than 0.50, the fraction shall be ignored.  
20.10  For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that:  
20.10.1  the Eligible Shareholders are advised to tender Equity Shares from their respective demat 
accounts/ folios in which they are holding the Equity Sh ares as on the Record Date;  
20.10.2  the Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder , in accordance 
with paragraph s above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares tendered by the 
respective Eligible Shareholder ; 
20.10.3  the Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder , in accordance 
with paragraph s above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares held by respective 
Eligible Shareholders  as on the Record Date; and  
20.10.4  the Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholders  over and above the number of Equity 
Shares held by such Eligible Shareholders  as on the Record Date shall not be considered for 
the purpose of Acceptance in accordance with the paragraph s above.  
20.10.4.1.  The Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback, sh all not exceed 60,00,00,000 
(Sixty Crore)  Equity Shares OR ₹ 1,50,00,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand 
Crore only), whichever is lower.  
20.10.4.2.  In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or 
otherwise, the Board or Buyback Committee authori sed by the Board will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any 
excess of Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity 
 
53 Shares as set out in the process describe d in paragraph 20.7 on page 50, 20.8 on 
page 51, 20.9 on page 52 and 20.10 on page 52 of this Letter of Offer . 
20.11  Clubbing of Entitlement  
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the 
same shareholders with multip le demat accounts/folios do not receive a higher entitlement 
under the Small Shareholder category, the Company will club together the Equity Shares held 
by such shareholders with a common PAN for determining the category (Small Shareholder or 
general) and entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the Company will 
club together the Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the joint 
shareholders is identical. In case of physical shareholders, where the sequence of PANs  is 
identical, the Company will club together the Equity Shares held in such cases. Similarly, in 
case of physical shareholders where PAN is not available, the Company will check the 
sequence of names of the joint holders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases 
where the sequence of name of joint shareholders is identical. The shareholding of institutional 
investors like mutual funds, pension funds/trusts, insurance companies etc., with common PAN 
will not be clubbed together for determining the category and will be considered separately, 
where these Equity Shares are held for different schemes and have a different demat account 
nomenclature based on information prepared by the Registrar as per the shareholder records 
received from the Deposit ories.  
21. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER OFFER AND SETTLEMENT  
21.1 The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders (including holders of ADSs who submit the 
desired number of ADSs to the Depositary for cancellation and withdraw the underlying Equity 
Shares from the ADR pro gram  no later than 12:00 noon  New York City time on June 2, 2026), 
holding Equity Shares either in demateriali sed form or physical form on the Record Date.  
21.2 The Company proposes to effect the Buyback  through the Tender Offer route , on a 
proportionate basis. The Letter  of Offer and Tender Form, outlining the terms of the Buyback  
as well as the detailed disclosures as specified in  the Buyback  Regulations, will be sent through 
electronic means to Eligible Shareholders who have registe red their email IDs with the 
Depositories/the Company. The Eligible Shareholders who have not registered their email IDs 
with the Depositories/ the Company, this Letter of Offer shall be dispatched through physical 
mode by  speed post/ courier, only on requ est. In case of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and the 
Tender Form, please follow the procedure mentioned in this Section.  
21.3 The Company will not accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback  which are under any 
restraint order of a  court / any other competent  authority  for transfer/sale and/or title in respect 
of which is otherwise under dispute or where loss of share certificate has been notified to the 
Company  and the duplicate share certificate have not been issued either due to such request 
being under process as per the provision of law or otherwise . 
21.4 The Company shall comply with Regulation 24(v) of the Buyback  Regulations which states that 
the Company  shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till 
the pendency of the lock -in or till such Equity Shares become transferable.  The Company shall 
accept all the Equity Shares validly tendered for the Buyback by Eligible Shareholder s, on the 
basis of their Buyback Entitlement as on the Record Date.  
21.5 Eligible Shareholders  will have to transfer the Equity Shares from the same demat account in 
which they were holding the Equity Shares as on the Record Date and in case of multiple demat 
accounts, Eligible Shareholders  are required to tender the applications separately from each 
demat account . In case of any changes in the demat account in which the Equity Shares were 
held as on Record Date, such Eligible Shareholders should provide suffici ent proof of the same 
to the Registrar to the Buyback and such tendered Equity Shares may be Accepted subject to 
appropriate verification and validation by the Registrar to the Buyback.  The Board or Buyback 
Committee authori sed by the Board will have the a uthority to decide such final allocation in 
case of non -receipt of sufficient proof by such Eligible Shareholder.  
21.6 Eligible Shareholders’ participation in Buyback is voluntary. Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares of the Company  can choose to participate and get cash in lieu of shares to be 
Accepted under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate. Eligible Shareholders 
 
54 holding Equity Shares of the Company may also accept a part of their entitlement. Eligible 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company also have the option of tendering 
Additional Equity Shares  (over and above their entitlement) and participate in the shortfall 
created due to non -participation of some other Eligible Shareholders , if any. If the Buyback  
Entitlement for any Eligible Shareholder is not a round number, the fractional entitlement shall 
be ignored for computation of entitlement to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback.  The 
Acceptance of any Equity Shares tendered in excess of the Buyback Entitl ement by the Eligible 
Shareholder shall be in terms of the procedure outlined herein.  
21.7 The maximum tender under the Buyback by any Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the 
number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date.  In case  the 
Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Shares through multiple demat accounts, the tender through 
a demat account cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held in that demat account.  
21.8 As elaborated under paragraph 20.5.7 on page 49, the Equity Shares  proposed to be bought 
as a part of the Buyback  are divided into two categories; (a) Reserved Category for Small 
Shareholders and (b) the General Category for all other  Eligible Shareholders . The Buyback  
Entitlement of Eligible Shareholder s in each category shall be calculated  accordingly.  
21.9 Post Acceptance of the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of Buyback  Entitlement, Equity 
Shares left to be bought  as a part of the Buyback , if any, in one category shall first be Accepted , 
in proportion t o the Equity Shares  tendered, over and above their Buyback  Entitlement, by 
Eligible Shareholders  in that category, and thereafter, from  Eligible Shareholders  who have 
tendered over and above their Buyback  Entitlement, in the other category.  
21.10  The Buyback sha ll be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange” notified by SEBI Circulars and following the procedure prescribed in the 
Companies Act , the SCD Rules  and the Buyback Regulations and as may be determined by 
the Board  and on such terms and conditions as may be permitted by law from time to time . 
21.11  For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed JM Financial Services Limited  
as the registered broker to the Company to facilitate the process of tendering of Equity Shares 
through the stock exchange mechanism for the Buyback through whom the purchases and 
settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by the Company. The contact details of 
the Company’s Broker are as follows:  
 
JM Financial Services Limite d 
Address: 5th Floor, Cnergy,  
Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025  
Tel: +91 22 6704 3 458 
Fax: +91 22 67 043136  
Contact Person: Mr. Divyesh Kapadia ; Tel.: +91 22 6704 0404  
Email: Divyesh.Kapadia@jmfl.com  
Website: www.jmfinancialservices.in  
SEBI Registration Number: INZ000195834  
Corporate Identification Number: U67120MH1998PLC115415  
Member Code: (NSE)10548; (BSE) 325 
21.12  The Company will request both Stock Exchanges to prov ide a separate acquisition w indow to 
facilitate placing of sell orders by Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the 
Buyback. BSE is the Designated Stock Exchange for the purpose of this Buyback. The details 
of the acquisition window will be specified by the Stock Exchanges from time to time.  
21.13  All Eligible Shareholders, through their respective Stock Broker(s) , will be eligible to place and 
be responsible for placing  orders in the  acquisition window . 
21.14  During the Tendering Period, t he order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
acquisition window by Eligible Shareholders  through their respective Stock Broker s during 
normal trading hours of the secondary market. Stock Broker s can enter orders for both Equity 
Shares in demat and physical form. 

 
55 21.15  Modification/cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder will only 
be allowed during the Tendering Period of the Buyback. Multiple bids made by single 
shareholder s for selling the Equity Shares sh all be clubbed and considered as ‘one’ bid for the 
purposes of Acceptance.  
21.16  The cumulative  quantity tendered shall be made availabl e on website s of the Stock Exchanges 
at www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com , throughout the trading session and will be 
update d at specific intervals during the Tendering Period.  
21.17  All documents sent by the Eligible Shareholders  will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders  
are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this regard.  
21.18  Procedure to be followed by Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the 
demateriali sed form  
21.18.1  Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in demateriali sed form unde r 
the Buyback would have to do so through their respective Stock Broker by indicating to their 
Stock Broker the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback.  
21.18.2  The Stock Broker  would be required to place an order/bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholder s 
who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buy back using the acquisition window of the Stock 
Exchanges.  
21.18.3  The lien shall be marked by the Stock Broker in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder 
for the shares tendered in Tender Offer. De tails of shares marked as lien in the demat account 
of the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the Depositories to Clearing Corporation. In 
case, the shareholders demat account is held with one depository and clearing member pool 
and Clearing Corpora tion account is held with other depository, shares shall be blocked in the 
shareholders demat account at source depository during the Tendering Period. Inter depository 
tender offer ( the “IDT”) instructions shall be initia lled by the shareholders at source depository 
to clearing member/ Clearing Corporation account at target depository. Source depository shall 
block the shareholder’s securities (i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked balance) and 
send IDT message to ta rget depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of shares blocked 
in the shareholders demat account shall be provided by the target depository to the Clearing 
Corporation.  
21.18.4  For custodian participant orders for demat Equity Shares , early pay -in is m andatory prior to 
confirmation of order/bid by custodian. The custodian participant shall either confirm or reject 
the orders not later than the closing of trading hours  (i.e., 3:30 PM) on the last day of the 
Tendering Period . Thereafter, all unconfirmed o rders shall be deemed to be rejected. For all 
confirmed custodian participant orders, order modification shall revoke the custodian 
confirmation and the revised order shall be sent to the custodian again for confirmation.  
21.18.5  Upon placing the bid, the Stock Br oker shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding 
system to the Eligible Shareholder. The TRS will contain the details of order submitted like bid 
ID number , application number , DP ID, client ID, number  of Equity Shares tendered , etc. In 
case of n on-receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents, but lien marked on 
Equity Shares and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid by such Eligible 
Shareholder shall be deemed to have been accepted.  
21.18.6  Eligible Shareholders who have tendered their demat shares in the Buyback shall also provide 
all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of the demat shares  in 
respect of the Tender Form to be sent. Such documents may include (but not be limited  to): 
21.18.6.1.  Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder 
has signed the Tender Form;  
21.18.6.2.  Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/legal heirship certificate, 
in case any Eligible Shareholder has expired; and  
21.18.6.3.  In case o f companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations (including 
board and/or general meeting resolutions).  
21.18.7  IN CASE OF DEMAT EQUITY SHARES, SUBMISSION  OF TENDER FORM AND TRS IS 
NOT REQUIRED. After the receipt of the demat Equity Shares by the Clear ing Corporation and 
 
56 a valid bid in the exchange bidding system , the Buyback shall be deemed to have been 
accepted for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form . 
21.18.8  Non-Resident shareholders (except FPIs) are required to submit the tender form , self-
declaration forms  (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with  below mentioned  documents 
to avail DTAA benefit for lower rate for withholding tax `to be determined by Company;  
a. Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested  by the 
shareholders or details as prescribed rule 158 under the Income -tax Rules, 2026 in 
absence of PAN Card.  
b. Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for financial year 2026 -27 obtained from the 
revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax residence.  
c. Electronic Form 41 can be obtained electronically through the e -filing portal of the 
income tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/  
d. Any other documents as prescribed under the IT A ct for lower withholding of taxes, if 
applicable, duly attested by the shareholders.  
21.18.9  In absence of receipt of aforementioned documents, the Company will deduct the tax for Non -
Resident shareholders at maximum marginal tax rate.  
21.18.10  The Eligible Shareholders  will have to ensure that they keep the DP account active and 
unblocked . Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the bank account 
attached with the DP account active and updated to receive credit remittance due to 
Acceptance of Bu yback of shares by the Company.  In the event if any Equity Shares are 
tendered to Clearing Corporation, excess demateriali sed Equity Shares or unaccepted 
demateriali sed Equity Shares, if any, tendered by the Eligible Shareholders would be returned 
to them by Clearing Corporation. If the security transfer instruction is rejected in the depository 
system, due to any issue then such securities will be transferred to the shareholder broker’s 
depository pool account for onward transfer to the Eligible Shareholde r. In case of custodian 
participant orders, excess demateriali sed shares or unaccepted demateriali sed shares, if any, 
will be refunded to the respective custodian depository pool account.  
21.19  Procedure to be followed by Equity Share holders  holding Equity Shares in the physical 
form:  
While shareholders holding equity shares in physical form are eligible to participate in the 
Buyback, they are urged to have their shares demateriali sed so as to be able to freely transfer 
them and participate in corporate acti ons in a convenient and effective manner.  
The procedure  to be followed by Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical 
form is as below : 
21.19.1  Eligible Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to participate in the 
Buyback will  be required to approach their respective Stock Brokers along with the complete 
set of documents for verification procedures to be carried out including the (i) the Tender Form 
duly signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case shares are in joint names, in  the same order 
in which they hold the shares), (ii) original share certificate(s), (ii i) valid share transfer form(s)  
duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e. by all registered Eligible Shareholders in same 
order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Company) and duly witnessed at 
the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company, (iv) duly filled Form 
ISR-4 by all registered Eligible Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures 
registered with  the Company , (v) latest Client Master List (“CML”)  of the demat account, not 
older than two months and duly attested by the Depository Participant (“DP”)  and duly filled in 
demat conversion request form (“DCRF ”) along with the service request to process transfer of 
balance unaccepted shares (iv) self -attested copy of the Eligible Shareholder’s PAN Card, and 
(v) any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including 
board resolu tion/ specimen signature), notari sed copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased, etc., as applicable. In 
addition, if the address of an Eligible Shareholder has undergone a change from th e address 
registered in the Register of Members of the Company, the Eligible Shareholder would be 
required to submit a self -attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following 
documents: valid Aadh aar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport . 
 
57 21.19.2  Based on the documents mentioned in paragraph 21.19.1 above, the Stock Broker shall place 
the bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form who wishes 
to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the acquisition window of the Stock Exchanges. 
Upon placing the bid, the Stock Broker shall provide a TRS generated by the Stock Exchanges’ 
bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder. The TRS will contain the details of the order 
submitted like Folio No., Certificate No., Distin ctive No., No. of Equity Shares tendered , etc. 
21.19.3  The Stock Broker has to deliver the original share certificate(s) and documents (as mentioned 
in paragraph 21.19.1 above) along with TRS either by Speed  post or courier or hand delivery 
to the Registrar (at th e address mentioned at paragraph 19.1 above or the collection centres of 
the Registrar details of which will be included in th is Letter of Offer) on or before the Buy -back 
Closing Date  by the Stock Broker . The envelope should be super -scribed as “ Wipro Buyback 
Offer 2026”. One copy of the TRS will be retained by Registrar and it will provide 
acknowledgement of the same to the Stock Broker/ Eligible Shareholder.  
21.19.4  An Eligible Shareholder holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity Shares 
will not be Accepted unless the complete set of documents are submitted. Acceptance of the 
physical Equity Shares for the Buyback shall be subject to verification as per the Buyback 
Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. The R egistrar will verify such bids 
based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such time the Stock Exchanges 
shall display such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. Once the Registrar confirms the bids, it 
will be treated as ‘confirmed bids’.  
21.19.5  All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, otherwise 
the Equity Shares tendered will be liable for rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for 
rejection on the following grounds amongst others: (i) if there is any ot her company’s equity 
share certificate(s) enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the Equity Share certificate(s) of 
the Company; (ii) if the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares 
are not in the name of the Eligible Shareho lders; (iii) if the Eligible Shareholders tender Equity 
Shares but the Registrar to the Buyback does not receive the Equity Share certificate(s)  or 
other relevant documents ; or (iv) in case the signature on the Tender Form and Form SH -4 
does not match as p er the specimen signature recorded with Company/Registrar of the 
Company.  
21.19.6  In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for 
dematerialization, such Equity Shareholders should ensure that the process of getting the 
Equity Sha res demateriali sed is completed well in time so that they can participate in the 
Buyback before the closure of the Tendering Period of the Buyback . 
21.20  For Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders , being Non -Resident Shareholders of 
Equity Shares (Read  with paragraph 18  “DETAILS OF THE STATUTORY APPROVALS”):  
21.20.1  While tendering their Equity Shares under the Buyback, all Eligible Shareholders , being Non-
Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (excluding FPIs/ FIIs) shall also enclose a copy of the 
permission received by them from RBI, if applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them.  
21.20.2  Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs  should also enclose a copy of their SEBI registration 
certificate.  
21.20.3  In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non-Resident Eligible Shareholder  
shall obtain and enclose a letter from its authori sed dealer/bank confirming that at the time of 
acquiring the said Equity Shares, payment for the same was made by the Non-Resident Eligible 
Shareholder  from the appropriate a ccount (e.g. NRE a/c.) as specified by RBI in its approval. 
In case the Non -Resident Eligible Shareholder  is not in a position to produce the said certificate, 
the Equity Shares would be deemed to have been acquired on non -repatriation basis and in 
that ca se the Non -Resident Eligible Shareholder  shall submit a consent letter addressed to the 
Company allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -repatriation basis in respect of 
the valid Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback . 
21.20.4  If any of the above stated documents, as applicable, are not enclosed along with the Tender 
Form, the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback  are liable to be rejected.  
THE NON RECEIPT OF THE LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMMISSION TO 
DISPATCH THE LET TER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE 
 
58 THE SAME TO PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK, SHALL NO T INVALIDATE THE 
BUYBACK OFFER IN ANY WAY.  
21.21  In case of non -receipt of th e Letter of Offer  and the Tender Form : 
21.21.1  In case the Equity Shares are in demateriali sed form: If Eligible Shareholder(s) who have 
been sent the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form through electronic means wish to obtain a 
physical copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the Company or 
Registrar at the address or  email id mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of Offer stating 
name, address, number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client ID number, DP name/ID, 
beneficiary account number, and upon receipt of such request, a physical copy of the Letter of 
Offer shall be provided to such Eligible Shareholder. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in 
the Buyback by downloading the Tender Form from the website s of the Company , the Registrar 
to the Buyback, the Stock Exchanges and the Manager to the Buyback at 
https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ , 
https:// kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2 .aspx , www.bseindia.com , 
www.nseindia.com  and www.jmfl.com , respectively , or by providing their application in writing 
on plain paper, signed by all Equity Shareholders, stating name and address of shareholder(s), 
number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP Name/ID, 
beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback.  
21.21.2  In case the Equity Shares are in physical form:  Eligible Shareholder(s) have been sent the 
Letter of Offer and the Tender Form  through electronic means . An Eligible Shareholder may 
participate in the Buyback by providing their application in writing on plain paper signed by all 
Equity Shareholders stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, share 
certificate number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive 
numbers thereof, enclosing the original share certificate(s), copy of Equity Shareholders’ PAN 
card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour of the Company. The Letter of Offer, Tender 
Form , share transfer form SH -4 and Form ISR -4 can be downloaded from the websites of the 
Company, the Registrar to the Buyback, the Stoc k Exchanges and the Manager  to the Buyback 
at https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ , 
https:// kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/b uybackofferv2 .aspx ,www.bseindia.com ,www.nseindia.c
om and www.jmfl.com , respectively.  Equity Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form , 
along with the TRS and requisite, reach the Registrar not later than Buyback Closing Date i.e. , 
June 17 , 202 6 (by 5:00 PM IST). If the signature(s) of the Eligible Shareholders provided in the 
plain paper ap plication differs from the specimen signature(s) recorded with the Registrar of 
the Company or are not in the same order (although attested), such applications are liable to 
be rejected under this Buyback.  
Please note that Eligible Shareholder(s) who inten d to participate in the Buyback will be 
required to approach their respective Stock Broker (along with the complete set of documents 
for verification procedures) and have to ensure that their bid is entered by their respective Stock 
Broker or broker in the  electronic platform to be made available by the Stock Exchange before 
the Buyback Closing Date.  
The Company shall Accept Equity Shares validly tendered by Eligible Shareholder(s) in the 
Buyback on the basis of their shareholding as on the Record Date and the Buyback Entitlement. 
Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback using the ‘plain paper’ option 
as mentioned in this paragraph are advised to confirm their entitlement from the Registrar to 
the Buyback, before participating in the Buyback.  
21.22  The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is entirely at the discretion of the 
Equity Shareholders. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any 
Equity Shareholder to either participate or to not parti cipate in the Buyback. The Company will 
not be responsible in any manner for any loss of Share certificate(s) and other  documents 
during transit and the Equity Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their  interest 
in this regard.  
  
 
59 21.23  Method of Sett lement  
Upon finalization of the basis of Acceptance as per Buyback Regulations:  
21.23.1  The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the 
secondary market.  
21.23.2  The Company will pay the consideration to the Company’s Bro ker who will transfer the funds 
pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank accounts as per the prescribed 
schedule. The settlement of fund obligation for demateriali sed shares shall be affected as per 
the SEBI Circulars and as prescribed by Stock Exchanges and Clearing Corporation from time 
to time. For Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback, the Clearing Corporation will make 
direct funds payout to respective Eligible Shareholders. If Eligible Shareholders’ bank account 
detail s are not available or if the funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/ an Eligible 
Shareholder’s Bank, due to any reason, such funds will be transferred to the concerned Stock 
Broker ’s settlement bank account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareh olders.  
21.23.3  In case of certain client types viz. NRI  and foreign clients etc. (where there are specific RBI and 
other regulatory requirements pertaining  to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through 
custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their re spective Stock Broker’s settlement 
accounts for releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s account. For this 
purpose, the client type details would be collected from the Depositories, whereas funds payout 
pertaining to the bids settled thr ough custodians will be transferred to the settlement bank 
account of the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by the 
BSE and the Clearing Corporation from time to time.  
21.23.4  The Equity Shares bought back in demat form would be  transferred directly to the Company 
Demat Account  provided it is indicated by the Company’s Broker or it will be transferred by the 
Company’s Broker to the Company Demat Account on receipt of the Equity Shares from the 
clearing and settlement mechanism of  the Stock Exchanges.  
21.23.5  For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would 
be given to their respective Stock Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the 
respective Eligible Shareholder’s account.  
21.23.6  Details in respect of shareholder’s entitlement for Tender Offer process will be provided to the 
Clearing Corporation by the Company or Registrar to the Buyback. On receipt of the same, 
Clearing Corporations will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked sha res in the demat 
account of the shareholder. On settlement date, all blocked shares mentioned in the accepted 
bid will be transferred to the Clearing Corporations.  
21.23.7  In the case of inter depository, Clearing Corporations will cancel the excess or unaccepted 
shares in target depository. Source depository will not be able to release the lien without a 
release of IDT message from target depository. Further, release of IDT message shall be sent 
by target depository either based on cancellation request received fr om Clearing Corporations 
or automatically generated after matching with bid accepted detail as received from the 
Company or the Registrar to the Buyback. Post receiving the IDT message from target 
depository, source Depository will cancel/release excess or  unaccepted block shares in the 
demat account of the shareholder. Post completion of Tendering Period and receiving the 
requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid quantity, source depository shall 
debit the securities as per the communi cation/message received from target depository to the 
extent of accepted bid shares from shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Clearing 
Corporation settlement account in target depository on settlement date.  
21.23.8  In relation to the Equity Shares held in the physical form, the Registrar/ Company shall verify 
and process the service requests and thereafter issue securities to the securities holder/  
claimant in demateriali sed form, directly in the demat account of the securities holder/  claimant, 
within 30 d ays of its receipt of such request after removing objections, if any. After verifying and 
processing the request, the Registrar/ Company shall initiate the demat conversion request in 
the depository system for direct credit of securities in the demat accou nt of the security holder/  
claimant. Post confirmation of the demat conversion request, the Depositories/ Registrar/  
 
60 Company shall send an intimation to the security holder/  claimant regarding successful 
dematerialization of the securities. The RTA shall r etain the physical securities as per the 
existing procedure and deface the certificate with a stamp "Securities issued in demateriali sed 
form" on the face/ reverse of the certificate, subsequent to processing of service request.  
21.23.9  The lien marked against una ccepted Equity Shares will be released, if any, or would be returned 
by speed post or by ordinary post or courier (in case of physical shares) at the Eligible 
Shareholders’ sole risk. Eligible Shareholders should ensure that their depository account is 
maintained till all formalities pertaining to the Buyback are completed.  
21.23.10  The Company’s Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for the Equity Shares 
Accepted under the Buyback.  
21.23.11  Eligible Shareholder s who intend to participate in the Buyback  should consult their respective 
Stock Broker (s) for any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) , 
stamp duty,  etc., that may be levied by the Stock Broker (s) upon the Eligible Shareholders  for 
tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary market transaction). The Buyback 
consideration received by the Eligible Shareholder s, in respect of Accepted Equity Shares, 
could be net of such costs, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage ) and 
the Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and 
expenses (including brokerage  and/or stamp duty ) incurred solely by the Eligible 
Shareholder s. 
21.23.12  The Equity Shares lying to the credit of the Company Demat Account and the Equity Shares 
bough t back and accepted in physical form will be extinguished in the manner and following 
the procedure prescribed in the Buyback Regulations.  
21.24  The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders would be liable to be rejected on the 
following grounds:  
21.24.1  the Equi ty Shareholder is not a n Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the Record Date;  
21.24.2  there is a name mismatch in the demateriali sed account of the Eligible Shareholder ; 
21.24.3  there exists any restraint order of a court/any other competent authority for transfer/disposal/ 
sale or where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company or where the title to 
the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or wh ere any other restraint subsists;  
21.24.4  the documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares 
in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or before the close of business hours of 
June 17 , 2026 (by 5:00 PM IST); 
21.24.5  if there is any other company share certificate enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the 
share certificate of the Company;  
21.24.6  if the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the 
name of the Eligible Shareholders ; 
21.24.7  if the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not receive the physical 
Equity Share certificate  or other relevant documents ; or 
21.24.8  in the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 do not match as per the specimen 
signature recorded with Company or Registrar.  
22. NOTE ON TAXATION  
A. INDIAN TAXATION  
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE BUYBACK 
OF EQUITY SHARES AS LISTED ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT IN THIS 
SECTION ARE BA SED ON THE CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE TAX LAWS OF 
INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL AND THE 
 
61 ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO 
CHANGE OR MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, 
ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIA L DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD 
HAVE DIFFERENT TAX IMPLICATIONS.  
IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARIZED NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES OF A 
BUYBACK TRANSACTION, ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUIRED TO 
CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS 
INCLU DING THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX 
OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE, AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT 
THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF THIS TAX SUMMARY AND THERE CAN BE NO 
LIABILITY ON THE COMPANY IF ANY ACTION IS TAKEN BY THE 
SHAREHOLDER SOLELY BASED ON THIS TAX SUMMARY.  
THEREFORE, SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE 
SUMMARY TAX IMPLICATIONS RELATING TO THE TREATMENT OF INCOME 
TAX IN THE CASE OF BUYBACK OF  EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON THE STOCK 
EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR 
GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
1. GENERAL  
With effect from April 1, 2026, the Income -tax Act, 1961 ( (‘the old Act’ ) (together with 
the Income tax Rules, 1962) has been replaced by the Income -tax Act, 2025 (‘the 
Income -tax Act’ )”) and the Income -tax rules, 2026 (“the Income tax Rules ”). 
The basis of charge of Indian income -tax depends upon the residential status of the 
taxpayer during a tax year. The Indian tax year runs from April 1 until March 31. A 
person who is an Indian tax resident is liable to taxation in India on his worldwide 
income, subject to certain tax exemptions, which are provided under the Income Tax 
Act. 
A person who qualifies as a non -resident for Indian income -tax purposes is generally 
subject to tax in India only on such person’s India -sourced income or income received 
by such person in India. In case of shares of a company, the source of income from 
shares would depend on the “situs” of such shares. As per judicial precedents, 
generally the “situs” of the shares is where a company is “incorporated” and where its 
shares can be transferred.  Accordingly, since the Company is incorporated in India, the 
Company’s shares would be “situated” in India and any ga ins arising to a non -resident 
on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India under the Income Tax Act.  Further, 
the non -resident can avail themselves of the beneficial provisions of the Double 
Taxation Avoidance Agreement (“ DTAA ”) between India and the respective jurisdiction 
of the shareholder subject to meeting relevant conditions and providing and maintaining 
necessary information and documents as prescribed under the Income Tax Act.  
The summary of tax implications on the buyback of equity shares listed on the stock 
exchanges in India is set out below. All references to equity shares in this note refer to 
equity shares listed on the stock exchanges in India unless stated otherwise.  
2. Income tax provisions in respect of buyback of equity shares listed  on the 
recognized stock exchange based on the current provisions of the tax laws of 
India.  
Pursuant to amendments effective April 1, 2026, income tax from the buyback of shares 
is now levied directly on the shareholders. Previously, from October 1, 2024, until 
March 31, 2026, buyback proceeds were fully taxed as deemed dividends at the 
shareholder's applicable slab rates, the original cost of acquiring the shares was 
 
62 recognized as a capital loss, which be offset against other capital gains. Here are the 
key features of the new system:  
Aspect  Details  
Tax Incidence  The tax is now payable by the shareholders on the gains made from 
the buyback  
Nature of Income  The income is treated as capital gains in the hands of shareholders   
Computation of Gains  Capital gains are calculated as the difference between the buyback 
price offered by the company and the shareholder’s original cost 
of acquiring  the shares  
(refer note below the table for shares acquired prior to February 1, 
2018)  
Applicable Tax Rate  a) The rate dep ends on the holding period.  
Long -Term Capital Gains (LTCG) : For shares held over 
12 months, a rate of 12.5% is applicable (with an exemption 
up to ₹ 1.25 Lakhs). Short -Term Capital Gains (STCG) : 
For shares held for 12 months or less, a rate of 20% is 
applicable.  
b) Additional tax rate as specified in table under section 69 
sub-section 2(b) of the Income -tax Act is applicable in 
case of purchase of shares from promoters.  
(Tax rates provided above shall be increased by applicable 
surcharge and cess as notif ied) 
*In the absence of PAN/ invalid PAN, a higher rate of 20% would be 
applied (subject to furnishing of documents as per Rule 217 of 
Income -tax Rules, 2026) for non -resident shareholders at the time of 
deducting tax at source.  
Note: For computing long -term capital gains of shares acquired prior to February 1, 2018 (including bonus 
shares credited prior to February 1, 2018), the cost of acquisition shall be deemed to be the higher of : 
• the actual  cost of acquisition  of such equity shares; and  
• the lower of:  
o fair market value  (highest price of the equity share quoted on the stock exchange) on 
January 31, 2018 ; and  
o buyback price . 
Shareholders are advised that the applicability of the above provisions depends on the 
spec ific facts of their case, including the nature of acquisition, and fulfilment of 
prescribed conditions under the Income tax Act and the Income tax Rules.  
In view of the above, shareholders are requested to consult their tax advisors for 
determination of th e appropriate cost of acquisition and consequential capital gains 
arising on participation in the Buyback.  
Taxation for ADS holders . A non -resident holder of ADSs, each representing one 
Equity Share evidenced by ADRs, may participate in the Buyback by subm itting their 
ADSs to the Depositary, for cancellation and withdrawing the underlying Equity Shares 
and then tendering those Equity Shares back to the Company for buyback through the 
stock exchange in India.  
There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares offered by a holder of ADSs (each 
a "Holder" or collectively, the "Holders") in the Buyback will be accepted. Holders are 
advised to consult their legal, financial and tax advisors for advice prior to participating 
in the Buyback, including advice related to any regulatory approvals and tax issues.  
 
63 The following is a brief summary of potential capital gains taxation events in respect of 
ADS issued to non -resident holders against the issue of Equity Shares of the Company:  
• Conversion of ADSs to Equity Shares  - There are no specific tax provisions in 
India enumerating India tax consequences on redemption of ADSs into Equity 
Shares. The prevailing view is that Equity Shares received by non -resident 
holders upon redemption of ADSs is merely a change in the form o f holding 
and may not be considered as a "transfer" and hence not subject to capital 
gains tax in India at the point of redemption. While there are arguments in favor 
of the position that redemption of ADSs into equity shares should not be subject 
to capit al gains tax, the law is not clear on this and there are no relevant tax 
rulings. As a result, this view is not free from doubt.  
• Sale of Equity Shares in the Buyback  - Under the amendments to the Income 
Tax Act described under the section 69 titled "Capita l gain on purchase by 
company of its own shares or other specified securities" non -resident holders 
of Equity Shares of the Company are liable to pay capital gains tax upon the 
sale of their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
Tax Deduction at Source  
For Residen t Shareholders, the Company is not required to deduct any Tax at Source.  
For Non –resident shareholders, the Company is required to deduct tax at source on 
payment made to Non –resident, if such payment is chargeable to tax in India under the 
provisions of t he Income Tax Act, at the time of payment or credit whichever is earlier, 
at the rates in force. The Company would be considering appropriate cost of acquisition 
for computing capital gains as per the provisions mentioned above.  
Further, the non -resident s hareholders are requested to submit a self -declaration with 
respect to purchase of shares being tendered for buyback to enable the Company 
compute capital gain chargeable to tax. The details must be provided separately for 
each purchase transaction, captur ing the distinct date of acquisition and corresponding 
cost. Similar date -wise listing has to be provided for bonus shares as well, capturing 
the date of credit.  The said details are required to be shared on or before June  17, 
2026, 5 :00 PM IST in the form at enclosed as Annexure 1  to this letter. Shareholders 
are required to fill all the mandatory fields in the said declaration and furnish within the 
timeline mentioned above. Further, it is suggested for the shareholders to provide for 
the declarations in system typed format as aga inst handwritten for ease of verification 
and processing.  
Non-resident shareholders may also provide a Lower Tax Deduction Certificate (LTDC) 
certificate issued by the Income Tax Department under Section 395 of the Income Tax 
Act, which authorizes company to deduct WHT at a lower rate instead of the standard 
prescribed rate under Income Tax Act.  
Furthermore, the term “rates in force” is defined under the Income Tax Act to include 
rates specified under the Finance Act for the relevant year or the rates specified under 
the double taxation avoidance agreement with the respective countries. In this regard, 
the Finance Act, 2026 provides rates in force on capital gain as outlined in above table.  
However, Income Tax Act provides that in order to be eligible t o claim relief under 
DTAA, a non -resident will need to provide a TRC issued by the relevant foreign 
government. Further, basis judicial precedents and Income tax Rules, 2026 following 
is required to maintain to avail benefits under the relevant DTAA:  
i. Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested 
by the shareholders or details as prescribed under the Income -tax Rules, 2026 
in absence of PAN Card.  
 
64 ii. Copy of the Tax Residency Certificate for Tax year 2026 -27 obtained from the 
revenue or tax authorities of the country of tax residence, duly attested by 
shareholders/authorized signatory  
iii. Form 41 for tax year 2026 -27 obtained electronically through the e -filing portal 
of the income tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/ . 
iv. Self-declaration by the shareholders of having no permanent establishment in 
India in accordance with the applicable DTAA (Refer Annexure 2 ) 
v. Self-declaration of beneficial ownership of equi ty shares by the non -resident 
shareholder (Refer Annexure 2 ) 
vi. Self-declaration of fulfilling all conditions of DTAA for being eligible to claim 
benefit of the relevant DTAA read with Multilateral Instrument (MLI). (Refer 
Annexure 2 ) 
vii. Any other documents as p rescribed under the Income Tax Act for lower 
withholding of taxes, if applicable, duly attested by the shareholders.  
The aforesaid documents along with self -declaration in the format enclosed as 
Annexure 2  needs to be submitted to the Company on or before June 17, 2026, 5:00 
PM IST post which the same shall not be accepted. DTAA documents needs to be 
provided by non -resident shareholders, only in case DTAA benefit is being availed. 
These documents are in addition to the declaration sought in relation to cos t of 
acquisition of shares mentioned above.  
Kindly note that any relief in withholding tax rate is subject to the DTAA provisions 
applicable and would depend on the documents submitted.  
The non -resident shareholders need to consult their tax advisors with regard to 
availability of tax credit for such taxes withheld by the Company.  
THE ABOVE NOTE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A 
SUMMARY MANNER ONLY AND IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING OF 
ALL POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF E QUITY SHARES. 
THIS NOTE IS NEITHER BINDING ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE 
ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A POSITION CONTRARY TO THE 
COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR THE TAX PROVISIONS APPLICABLE  TO YOUR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.  
The summary of the tax considerations as above is based on the current provisions of 
the tax laws of lndia, which are subject to change or modification by subsequent 
legislative, regulatory, administrative or judicial dec isions.  
B. CERTAIN MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES  
The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be relevant with respect to a participation in the Buyback of Equity Shares to 
U.S. holders (as defin ed below) (or the exchange of ADSs for Equity Shares and 
subsequent participation in the Buyback) and is for general information only. For 
purposes of this discussion, "U.S. holders" are individuals who are citizens or residents 
of the United States, corpo rations (or other entities treated as corporations for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes) created in or under the laws of the United States or any 
political subdivision thereof or therein, estates, the income of which is subject to sU.S. 
federal income taxa tion regardless of its source, and trusts having a valid election to 
be treated as a United States person (within the meaning of Section 770l(a)(30) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the " Code ")) in effect under U.S. 
Treasury Regulatio ns or for which a U.S. court exercises primary supervision and a 
United States person has the authority to control all substantial decisions.  
 
65 This summary is limited to U.S. holders who hold Equity Shares or ADSs as capital 
assets. In addition, this summar y is limited to U.S. holders who are not residents in 
India for purposes of the Convention between the Government of the United States of 
America and the Government of the Republic of India for the Avoidance of Double 
Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (the 
"Treaty "). If a partnership (or an entity treated as a partnership or a pass -through entity 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds the Equity Shares or ADSs, the tax 
treatment of a partner or owner will gen erally depend upon the status of the partner or 
owner and upon the activities of the partnership or the pass -through entity. A partner 
in a partnership or an owner in a pass -through entity holding Equity Shares or ADSs 
should consult its own tax advisor.  
This summary does not address any tax considerations arising under the laws of any 
U.S. state or local or non -U.S. jurisdiction, potential application of the Medicare 
contribution tax on net investment income, or tax considerations under any U.S. non -
income  tax laws. In addition, this summary does not address tax considerations 
applicable to holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such as banks, insurance 
companies, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, pension 
plans, finan cial institutions, dealers in securities or currencies, tax -exempt entities, 
persons liable for alternative minimum tax, persons that hold Equity Shares or ADSs 
as a position in a "straddle" or as part of a "hedging" or "conversion" transaction for tax 
purposes, persons holding ADSs or Equity Shares through partnerships or other pass -
through entities, persons that have a "functional currency" other than the U.S. dollar, 
persons who are subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the 
Code , holders of 10% or more, by voting power or value, of the shares of the Company, 
persons that are controlled foreign corporations, foreign controlled foreign 
corporations, passive foreign investment companies, or corporations that accumulate 
earnings to a void U.S. federal income tax, persons who hold or receive our Equity 
Shares or ADSs pursuant to the exercise of any option or otherwise as compensation, 
persons deemed to sell our Equity Shares or ADSs under the constructive sale 
provisions of the Code, or  certain U.S. expatriates and certain former citizens or long -
term residents of the United States. This summary is based on the tax laws of the 
United States as in effect on the date of this document and on U.S. Treasury 
Regulations in effect or, in some c ases, proposed, as of the date of this document, as 
well as judicial and administrative interpretations thereof available on or before such 
date and is based in part on the assumption that each obligation in the Deposit 
Agreement dated October 19,2000  as amended, by and among the Company, the 
Depositary and the holders from time to time of ADRs (the “ Deposit Agreement ”) and 
any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms. All of the 
foregoing is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect 
the tax consequences described below.  
EACH INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL AND NON -U.S. TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF PARTICIPATING IN THE BUYBACK.  
Ownership of ADSs . For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders generally will 
be treated as the owners of Equity Shares represented by such ADSs. Accordingly, the 
conversion of ADSs into Equity Shares to participate in the Buyback generally will not 
be subject to U.S.  federal income tax.  
Tax Treatment of Buyback . An exchange of Equity Shares for cash by a U.S. holder 
pursuant to the Buyback will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. In such case, depending on the applicable U.S. holder's partic ular 
circumstances, such tendering U.S. holder will be treated either as recognizing gain or 
loss from the disposition of the Equity Shares or as receiving a distribution from the 
Company.  
Under Section 302 of the Code, a tendering U.S. holder will recogni ze gain or loss on 
the exchange of Equity Shares for cash if the exchange:  
 
66 • results in a "complete termination" of the holder's interest in the Company;  
• results in a "substantially disproportionate" redemption with respect to such 
U.S. holder; or  
• is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to the U.S. holder.  
The receipt of cash by a U.S. holder in the exchange of Equity Shares will be deemed 
to result in a "complete termination" of the holder's interest in the Company if either (i) 
all the shares actually and constructively owned by the holder (including shares which 
he or she has the right to acquire by exercise of an option) are sold pursuant to the 
Buyback and such holder does not thereafter own any shares of the Company either 
actually o r constructively or (ii) all the Equity Shares actually owned by a holder are 
sold pursuant to the Buyback, the holder is eligible to waive and effectively waives 
constructive ownership of shares owned by family members under procedures 
described in Sectio n 302 of the Code, and the holder does not actually or constructively 
own any other shares of the Company (after giving effect to such waiver of family 
attribution). Any holder intending to waive family attribution for purposes of satisfying 
the requiremen t set forth in the preceding clause (ii) should consult with his or her own 
tax advisor.  
An exchange of Equity Shares for cash generally will be a substantially disproportionate 
redemption with respect to a U.S. holder if the percentage of the voting stock  owned 
by such U.S. holder immediately after the exchange is less than 80% of the percentage 
of the voting stock owned by such U.S. holder immediately before the exchange and 
after the exchange the U.S. holder owns less than 50% of the total combined votin g 
power of all classes of stock entitled to vote.  
If an exchange of Equity Shares for cash fails to satisfy the "substantially 
disproportionate" test, the U.S. holder may nonetheless satisfy the "not essentially 
equivalent to a dividend" test. An exchange of Equity Shares for cash will satisfy the 
"not essentially equivalent to a dividend" test if it results in a "meaningful reduction" of 
the U.S. holder's equity interest in the Company given such U.S. holder's particular 
facts and circumstances. The Intern al Revenue Service (the " IRS") has indicated in 
published rulings that a relatively minor reduction of the proportionate equity interest of 
a U.S. holder whose relative equity interest is minimal and who does not exercise any 
control over or participate in  the management of corporate affairs should be treated as 
"not essentially equivalent to a dividend."  
In applying the Section 302 tests, each U.S. holder must take into account Equity 
Shares and ADSs that such U.S. holder constructively owns under certain attribution 
rules, pursuant to which a U.S. holder will be treated as owning any Equity Shares and 
ADSs owned by certain family members (which family attribution, in certain 
circumstances, may be waived) and related entities, and Equity Shares and ADSs tha t 
the U.S. holder has the right to acquire by exercise of an option. Because the Section 
302 tests are applied on a stockholder by stockholder basis, the Buyback may be a 
sale or exchange for certain U.S. holders and a distribution for others. Each U.S. ho lder 
should consult its tax advisors regarding the application of the rules of Section 302 in 
its particular circumstances.  
Sale or Exchange . Subject to the "passive foreign investment company" (" PFIC ") rules 
described below, if a U.S. holder is treated un der the Section 302 tests as recognizing 
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes from the disposition of Equity Shares 
for cash, such gain or loss will be equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value 
of the amount realized and the U.S. h older's tax basis, determined in U.S. dollars, in 
the Equity Shares. Gain or loss recognized will be long -term capital gain or loss with 
respect to Equity Shares held for more than 12 months at the time of the disposition 
and any gain recognized generally will be income from sources within the United States 
for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. Long -term capital gains of non -corporate U.S. 
holders are generally taxed at preferential rates. Capital gains realized by a U.S. holder 
upon sale of Equity Sh ares may be subject to tax in India, including withholding tax. 
 
67 See "Certain Tax Consequences of the Buyback for Non -Resident Shareholders - 
Indian Taxation." Due to limitations on foreign tax credits, however, a U.S. holder may 
not be able to utilize any such taxes as a credit against the U.S. holder's federal income 
tax liability. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax 
treatment to them if the Buyback is treated as a sale or exchange.  
Distribution . If a U.S. holder is not tre ated under the Section 302 tests (discussed 
above) as recognizing gain or loss on a disposition of Equity Shares for cash, such 
U.S. holder will be treated as having received a distribution from the Company. The 
gross amount of the distribution will genera lly be treated as dividend income to the 
extent made from the current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined 
under U.S. federal income tax principles) of the Company. Such dividends will not be 
eligible for the dividends received deduction gene rally allowed to corporate U.S. 
holders in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. To the 
extent that the amount of the Buyback exceeds the Company's current and 
accumulated earnings and profits, if any, as determined under U.S. fed eral income tax 
principles, such excess will be treated first as a tax -free return of the U.S. holder's tax 
basis in the Equity Shares and thereafter as capital gain.  
The Company does not intend to calculate its earnings and profits according to U.S. 
feder al income tax principles. Accordingly, notwithstanding the discussion in the 
preceding paragraphs, if the Buyback is treated as a distribution on the Company's 
Equity Shares, such distribution will generally be taxed to the U.S. holder as a dividend 
for U. S. tax purposes. In addition, as discussed above, a U.S. holder may not be able 
to utilize any Indian taxes (if applicable) as a credit against the U.S. holder's federal 
income tax liability with respect to such distribution.  
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, including the PFIC rules described below, 
dividends paid to non -corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, may be eligible for 
a reduced rate of taxation if the Company is deemed to be a "qualified foreign 
corporation" for U.S. federal  income tax purposes. A qualified foreign corporation 
includes a foreign corporation (1) with respect to any dividend it pays on its shares that 
are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, or (2) if it 
is eligible for the  benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United 
States that the U.S. Treasury Secretary determines is satisfactory and that includes an 
exchange of information program. In addition, a corporation is not a qualified foreign 
corporation if it is a PFIC in the current taxable year or the prior taxable year (as 
discussed below). Our ADSs are listed on New York Stock Exchange. We believe, but 
cannot assure you, that the ADSs will be readily tradable on an established securities 
market in the Un ited States and that we will be a qualified foreign corporation with 
respect to dividends paid on the ADSs. Based on existing guidance, it is not clear 
whether a dividend on an Equity Share will be treated as a qualified dividend because 
the Equity Shares are not themselves listed on a U.S. Exchange. Although the Equity 
Shares are not themselves listed on a U.S. exchange, the Company may be eligible 
for benefits under the Treaty, which the U.S. Treasury Secretary has determined is 
satisfactory for this purp ose and which includes an exchange of information program.  
EACH U.S. HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING 
THE TREATMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND SUCH HOLDER’S ELIGIBILITY FOR 
REDUCED RATE OF TAXATION UNDER THE LAW IN EFFECT FOR THE YEAR OF 
THE DIVID END AND WHETHER ANY FOREIGN TAX CREDITS ARE AVAILABLE 
TO IT IN RESPECT OF INDIAN WITHHOLDING TAX, IF ANY.  
1. PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY  
A non -U.S. corporation will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
if either:  
• 75% or more of its gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or  
 
68 • 50% or more of its average quarterly assets during the taxable year is 
attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive 
income.  
The Company does not believe that it satisfies either of the tests for PFIC status for the 
fiscal year ended March 31, 2026 and the Company does not expect to satisfy either 
of the tests for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2027. However, because this 
determination is made on an annual basis and depends on a variety of factors 
(including the Company's market capitalization), no assurance can be given that the 
Company was not considered a PFIC for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026, or that 
the Company will not be considered a PFIC for the cu rrent taxable year and/or future 
taxable years. If the Company were to be a PFIC for any taxable year in which a U.S. 
holder owns Equity Shares or ADSs, U.S. holders would be required to pay an interest 
charge together with tax calculated at an ordinary in come rates on "excess 
distributions," as the term is defined in relevant provisions of U.S. tax laws, and on any 
gain on a sale or other disposition of Equity Shares (including as a result of the 
Buyback), unless a U.S. holder makes a "QEF election" or a " mark -to-market" election, 
as described below. In addition, individual U.S. holders will not be eligible for the 
reduced rates of dividend taxation described above if the Company is a PFIC for the 
fiscal year of the dividend payment or the preceding taxable  year.  
If the Company is a PFIC in any year, so long as the Equity Shares or ADSs are and 
remain "marketable," a U.S. holder may be able to avoid the excess distribution rules 
described above by having made a timely so -called "mark -to-market" election with  
respect to such U.S. holder's Equity Shares or ADSs. The Equity Shares or ADSs will 
be "marketable" as long as they remain regularly traded on a national securities 
exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, or a foreign securities exchange 
that is re gulated or supervised by a governmental authority of the country in which the 
market is located. A mark -to-market election will be effective for the taxable year for 
which the election is made and for all subsequent taxable years, unless the Equity 
Shares or ADSs are no longer regularly traded on a qualified exchange or the IRS 
consents to the revocation of the election. No assurances may be given regarding 
whether the Equity Shares or ADSs will qualify, or will continue to be qualified, as being 
regularly traded in this regard. However, because a mark -to-market election cannot be 
made for any lower -tier PFICs that the Company may own, a U.S. holder may continue 
to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to any indirect interest in any investments 
held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, including the Company's subsidiaries. U.S. holders should consult their own 
tax advisors with respect to making a mark -to-market election and the tax 
consequences of the Buyback if such an election is in effect.  
In addition, if the Company is a PFIC in any year, a U.S. holder might be able to avoid 
the excess distribution rules described above by making a timely so -called "qualified 
electing fund," or QEF, election to be taxed currently on such holder's pro rata portion 
of the Company's income and gain. However, the Company has not provided, and does 
not plan to provide, the information necessary for the QEF election, so such election 
would not have been available to U. S. holders.  
In addition, certain information reporting obligations on IRS Form 8621 may apply to 
U.S. holders if the Company is determined to be a PFIC, including in the year of a sale 
or disposition.  
2. BACKUP WITHHOLDING TAX AND INFORMATION REPORTING  
Any di vidends on, or proceeds from a sale of, Equity Shares paid to a U.S. holder may 
be subject to U.S. information reporting, and backup withholding at the applicable 
statutory rate (currently, 24%), may apply unless such holder is an exempt recipient or 
provi des a U.S. taxpayer identification number, certifies that such holder is not subject 
to backup withholding and otherwise complies with any applicable backup withholding 
requirements. Any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules will generally 
 
69 be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder's U.S. federal income tax, provided 
that the required information is furnished to the IRS.  
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF 
ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE  BUYBACK. 
YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE 
APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO YOUR 
PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS ANY ADDITIONAL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE BUYBACK, 
INCLUDING THE AP PLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF THE TAX LAWS OF ANY 
STATE, LOCAL OR NON -U.S. JURISDICTION AND ANY ESTATE, GIFT AND 
INHERITANCE LAWS.  
23. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
Declaration as required under clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buy back 
Regul ations:  
23.1 The Board of Directors confirm s that there are no defaults subsisting in repayment of deposits  
or interest payment thereon , redemption of debentures or interest payment thereon or 
redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend due to any sh areholder, or repayment 
of any term loans or interest payment thereon to any financial institutions or bank ing company 
in the last three years . 
23.2 The Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the 
Company  and has formed the opinion:  
a. that immediately following the date on which the Board M eeting is convened, i.e. , April 
16, 2026 or following the date on which the result of shareholders’ resolution was 
declared ( the “Postal Ballot Resolution ”), approving the  Buyback,  or the date of the 
Letter of Offer, there will be no grounds on which the Company could be found unable 
to pay its debts;  
b. that as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date 
of the Board Meeting , i.e., April 16, 2026 or the Postal Ballot Resolution or the date of 
the Letter of Offer that, having regard to the Board’s intention with respect to the 
management of Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character 
of the financial resources which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company 
during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall 
due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the 
Board Meeting , i.e., April 16, 2026 or the Postal Ballot Resolution  or the date of the 
Letter of Offer ; and  
c. that in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account 
the liabilities as if the Company was being wound up under the provisions of the 
Companies Act 1956, Companies Act, 2013 or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016 (including prospective and contingent liabilities).  
This declaration is made and issued under the authority of the Board in terms of the resolution 
passed at the meeting held on April 16, 2026. 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Wipro Limited,  
Sd/- Sd/- 
Rishad A Premji  
 
 
 
Chairman  
(Director Identification Number (DIN): 02983899)  Srini vas Pallia  
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
(DIN): 10574442  
 
  
 
70 24. AUDITORS CERTIFICATE  
The text of the report dated  April 16,  2026 of Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board is reproduced below : 
To, 
The Board of Directors  
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bangalore - 560035  
Dear Sirs/Madam,  
Subject: Statutory Auditor’s report in respect of proposed buyback of equity shares by 
Wipro Limited (“the Company”) in terms of Clause (xi) of Schedule I of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulation s, 2018 as amended (the 
“Buyback Regulations”).  
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated July 
15, 2025.  
2. The Board of Directors of Wipro Limited (“ Company ”) have approved a proposal for 
Buyback of equity shares by the Company (subject to the approval of its shareholders) 
at its meeting held on April 16, 2026 in pursuance of the provisions of Section 68, 69 
and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended (“the Act”) and the Buyback 
Regulations.  
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on 
the accompanying “Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium) 
(“Annexure A ”) as at March 31, 2026”, hereinafter referred to a s the “Statement” 
prepared by the management of the Company, which we have initialed for identification 
purpose only.  
Management’s Responsibility for the Statement  
4. The preparation of the Statement in accordance with Section 68(2) of the Act, 
Regulation 4(i ) of the Buyback Regulations and in compliance with the Buyback 
Regulations, is the responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the 
computation of the amount of the permissible capital payment (including premium), the 
preparation of the Stat ement and maintenance of all accounting and other relevant 
supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, 
implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Statement and appl ying an appropriate basis of preparation and 
making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.  
Auditors’ Responsibility  
5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to 
provide reasonable assurance that:  
i. we have  inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the 
audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026.  
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment for the  proposed buyback of equity 
shares as stated in Annexure A , has been properly determined considering 
the audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026 in 
accordance w ith Section 68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the Act, Regulations 4(i) and 
Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations.  
iii. the Board of Directors of the Company, in their meeting held on April 16, 2026, 
have formed the opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback 
 
71 Regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the Company will not, having 
regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent (in terms of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and/or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code , 2016, each as 
amended) within a period of one year from aforesaid date and from the date 
on which results of passing of the Board resolution date d April 16, 2026 as well 
as for a period of one year immediately following the date of passing the special 
resolution with regard to the proposed buyback.  
6. The audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements 
referred to in paragra ph 5 above have been audited by us, on which we have issued 
an unmodified audit opinion vide our reports dated April 16, 2026. We conducted our 
audit of the interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards  on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act 
(the "standards") and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the "ICAI"). Those Standards require that 
we plan and perform the audit t o obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance Note 
on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) , issued by the 
ICAI ("Guidance Note") and standards of auditing specified under Section 143(10) of 
the Act, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note 
requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of  Ethics issued by 
the ICAI.  
8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality 
Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of 
Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Relate d Services 
Engagements.  
Opinion  
9. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that:  
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its 
audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statemen ts 
as at and for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026 which have 
been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 16, 2026.  
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment (including premium) towards the 
proposed buy back of equity share s as computed in the Statement attached 
herewith as Annexure A , in our view has been properly determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the Act, 
Regulation 4(i) and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations. The 
amounts of share capital and free reserves have been extracted and computed 
from the audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the three months and year ended 
March 31, 2026.  
iii. The Board of Directo rs of the Company, in their meeting held on April 16, 2026 
have formed their opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the 
Buyback Regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the Company having 
regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered  insolvent (in terms of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and/or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 within 
a period of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated April 
16, 2026 as well as for a period of one year immediately following the dat e of 
passing of the results of the shareholders' resolution with regard to the 
proposed buyback are passed.  
  
 
72 Restriction on Use  
10. This report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the 
Company (i) in connection with the proposed buy back of equity shares of the Company 
in pursuance to the provisions of Sections 68 and other applicable provisions of the 
Act, and the buyback Regulations, (ii) to enable the Board of Directors of the Company 
to include in the explanatory statement to the notice for special resolution, public 
announcement, and other documents pertaining to buyback to be sent to the 
shareholders of the Company or filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges, public shareh olders and any other 
regulatory authority as per applicable law and (b) the Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited, National Securities Depository Limited and (iii) for providing to JM 
Financial Limited (“the managers”), each for the purpose of buybac k of equity shares 
of the Company for onward submission to relevant authorities in pursuance to the 
provisions of Sections 68 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback 
Regulations, and may not be suitable for any other purpose. This report  should not be 
used for any other purpose without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not 
accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other 
person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may  come without our 
prior consent in writing.  
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
(Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W -100018)  
Sd/- 
 
 
 
Satish Vaidyanathan  
Partner  
Membership No. 217042  
UDIN:  26217042TYGQMD7224  
Place: Bengaluru  
Date: April 16, 2026  
Annexure A  
 
Statement of Permissible Capital Payment (including premium)  
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buyback of Equity Shares in 
accordance with Section 68(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Buyback Regulations based 
on audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for 
the three months and year ended March 31, 2026:  
Particulars  Amount  
(In Rs. Millions)  
Standalone  Amount  
(In Rs. Millions)  
Consolidated  
Paid -up Equity Share Capital as at March 31, 2026 (A)  20,977  20,977  
   
Free Reserves as at March 31, 2026    
− Retained Earnings  573,547 723,024  
− Securities Premium Reserve  5,770  6,229  
Total Free Reserves (B)  579,317  729,253  
   
Total paid up equity share capital and free reserves (A + B)  600,294  750,230  
Maximum amount permissible for the buyback i.e. lower of 25% 
of total paid -up equity capital and free reserves of standalone 
and consolidated financial statements  150,073  
* excludes adjustments in accordance with section 2(43) of the Companies Act, 2013 aggregating  Rs. 5,646 million 
in Standalone and Rs. 8,249 million in Consolidated retained earnings as at March 31, 2026.  
 
 
73 25. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
The copies of the following documents referred to hereunder are available for inspection by 
shareholders of the Company at the registered office at Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, 
Bengaluru – 560035, India from 10:00  AM IST to 5:00  PM IST on any Working Day and on the 
website of the Company  https://www.wipro.com/investors/buy -back/ during the Tend ering 
Period:  
(i) The Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.  
(ii) The Memorandum and Articles  of Association of the Company.  
(iii) The annual reports of the Company available for the last three financial years  and 
audited financials for the period ended March 31, 202 6. 
(iv) A copy of  the resolution s passed by the Board of Directors at the Board Meeting held 
on April 16, 2026 approving the proposal of the Buyback . 
(v) The certificate dated April 16 , 2026 received from Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP , the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company, in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Buyback  
Regulations.  
(vi) A copy of  the special resolution of the Equity Shareholders  approving the Buyback,  
passed by way of postal ballot  through remote e-voting , the results of which were 
announced on  May 2 1, 2026. 
(vii) A copy of the Public Announcement dated May 22 , 2026  published in the newspap ers 
on May 25 , 2026 regarding the Buyback . 
(viii) A copy of  the Declaration of Solvency and an affidavit verifying the same as per Form 
SH-9 of the SCD Rules . 
(ix) The c ertificate from M/s. D. Prasanna  & Co., Chartered Accountants , dated  May 22 , 
2026 certifying that the Company has made firm financing arrangements for fulfilling 
the obligations under the Buyback , in accordance with the Regulations.  
(x) A copy of  the Escrow Agreement dated  May 22 , 2026 between Wipro  Limited , Standard 
Chartered Bank  and JM Financial Limited . 
(xi) The c onfirmation letter by the Escrow Bank dated May 27 , 2026 that the Escrow 
Account has been opened.  
26. DETAILS OF THE COM PLIANCE OFFICER  
Mr. M Sanaulla Khan,  
Company Secretary , 
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bengaluru -560035  
Tel. No.: +91 80 2844  0011 ; 
E-mail: sanaulla.khan@wipro.com  
Investors may contact the Compliance Officer for any clarification or to address their 
grievances, if any, during office hours i.e. from 10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m.  IST on all Working Days 
except Saturday, Sunday and public holidays.  
27. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS / 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS  
27.1 In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback  (e.g., non-receipt of the Buyback  
consideration, demat credit, etc.), the investor can approach the Compliance Officer of the 
Manager to the Buyback  and/or Registrar to the Buyback  and/or Compliance Officer of the 
Company for redressal.  
27.2 If the Company makes any default in complying with t he provisions of Section 68 of the 
Companies Act or any rules made thereunder, for the purposes of clause (f) of sub -section (2) 
of Section 68 of the Companies Act, the Company or any officer of the Company who is in 
 
74 default shall be punishable with impris onment for a term and its limit, or with a fine and its limit 
or with both in terms of the Companies Act, as the case may be.  
27.3 The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:  
The Registrar of Companies, Karnataka, Bengaluru  
‘E’ Wing,  2nd Floor  
Kendriya Sadan  
Koramangala, Bengaluru -560034 , India.  
28. DETAILS OF INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE  
In case of any query, the Equity Shareholders may contact the Registrar of the Company  or the 
Investor Relations team of the Company,  on any day except Saturday, Sunday and Public 
holidays between 10.00 AM and 5.00 PM IST  at the following address:  
 
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32,  
Financial district, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,  
Hyderabad , Rangareddy, Telangana - 500032, India.  
Tel No:  +91 40 6716 2222  
Contact person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Fax No.: +91 40 6716 1563  
Toll free No. : 18003094001  
Email: wipro.buyback2026@kfintech.com  
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Website: www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Regn. No.:  INR000000221  
Corporate Identification Number : L72400TG2017PLC117649  
Company Investor  Relations : 
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bengaluru - 560 035, India.  
Tel: +91 80 2844  0011  
Contact person:  Abhishek Jain  
Email:  abhishek.jain2@wipro.com  
Website:  www.wipro.com  
29. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  
The Compa ny has appointed the following as Man ager to the Buyback . 
 
JM Financial Limited  
7th Floor, Cnergy,  Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi,  Mumbai – 400025, India  
Tel.: +91 22 6630 3030 ; +91 22 6630 3262  
Fax: +91 22 6630 3330  
Contact Person:  Ms. Prachee Dhuri  
Email:  wipro.buyback2026@jmfl.com  
Website : www.jmfl.com  
SEBI Regn. No.:  INM000010361  
Corporate Identification  Number:  L67120MH1986PLC038784  

 
75 30. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS REGARDING AUTHENTICITY OF THE 
INFORMATION IN TH IS LETTER OF OFFER.  
As per Regulation 24(i)(a) of the Buyback  Regulations, the Board accept s responsibility for the 
information contained in this  Letter of Offer  and confirms that such document contains true, 
factual and material information and does not contain any misleading information . This Letter 
of Offer is issued under the authority of the Board and in terms of the resolution passed by the 
Board  on April 16, 2026. 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Wipro  Limited  
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
Rishad A Premji  
Chairman  
(Director Identification 
Number (DIN): 
02983899)  Srini vas Pallia  
Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing 
Director  
(DIN): 10574442  Aparna C. Iyer  
Chief Financial Officer  M Sanaulla Khan  
Company Secretary 
Membership Number: 
F4129  
 
Place:  Bengaluru  
Date:  June 9 , 202 6 
31. OFFER FORM  
 
 TENDER FORM FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SHARES IN DEMAT FORM)  
Bid Number:  
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors  
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bengaluru - 560035  
Tel. No.: +91 80 2844 0011;  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Letter of Offer dated June 9, 2026  to Buyback  up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity 
Shares of Wipro Limited (the “Company”) at a price of ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty 
only)  per Equity Share (“Buyback Price”), payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated June 9, 2026) hereby tender / 
offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the Buyback on the terms and conditions set out 
below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorise the Company to Buyback t he Equity Shares offered (as mentioned 
below) and to issue instruction(s) to the Registrar to the Buyback to extinguish the Equity 
Shares.  
3. I / We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this tender / offer are offered for 
Buyback by me / us free  from all liens, equitable interest, charges and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which 
limits / restricts in any manner my / our right to tender Equity Shares for Buyback and that I 
/ we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after necessary deduction 
of Income Tax and due verification of the validity of the documents and that the BUYBACK  OPENS  ON: June  11, 2026  
BUYBACK  CLOSES  ON: June  17, 2026  
 
For Registrar  / collection  centre  use 
Inward  No. Date Stamp  
   
   
Status  (Please  tick appropriate  box) 
 Individual   FII  Insurance  Co. 
 Foreign  Co.  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body  
Corporate   Bank  / FI  Pension  / PF 
 VCF  Partnership/LLP   Others  (specify)  
      
India  Tax Residency  Status:  (Please  tick appropriate  box) 
 Resident  in 
India   Non-Resident  in 
India  Resident  
…
 ................  (Shar
eholder  to 
fill the country  of 
residence)  
 
 consideration wil l be paid as per secondary market mechanism and the provisions of SEBI 
Buyback Regulations and circulars issued by SEBI.  
6. I /We agree that we will have to ensure to keep the DP Account active and unblocked to 
receive credit in case of return of Equity Share s due to rejection or due to prorated Buyback 
decided by the Company. Further, I / We will have to ensure to keep the bank account 
attached with the DP account active and updated to receive credit remittance due to 
acceptance of Buyback of Equity Shares by  the Company.  
7. I / We undertake to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be 
wrongfully received by me / us.  
8. I/ We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on 
Buyback is on me / us. I / We agree to compute appropriate gains on this transaction and 
immediately pay applicable taxes in India (whether by deduction of tax at source, or 
otherwise) and file tax return in consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax 
advisors appropriately.  
9. I/ We  undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company 
on account of gains arising to me / us on Buyback of Equity Shares. I / We also undertake 
to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxabil ity of 
the proceeds arising on Buyback of Equity Shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed 
in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for.  
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that 
may be req uired or expedient to give effect to my / our tender / offer and agree to abide by 
any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the 
Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, and the extant 
applicable foreign exchange regulations.  I/we agree that this form is deemed to be my consent 
letter for any filings under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEMA) and the 
rules made thereunder.  
11. Applicable for all non -resident shareholders : I/We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, 
agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the 
concerned authorities including approvals from the  Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”)  under 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, (the “FEMA Regulations” ) and any other the 
rules and regulations, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to 
comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, and any other rules, re gulations and 
guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India. I / We undertake to return to the 
Company any consideration in respect of the Buy -back that may be wrongfully received by 
me / us.  
12. Additional self -declaration requirements applicable  for all non -resident shareholders 
(except FPIs):  
i. I am/We declare that I/We do not have permanent establishment in India and that 
the capital gains receivable by me/us from investments in the shares of Company 
is not effectively connected to any permanent establishment in India.  
ii. I am/We are the beneficial owner of the investments made by me/us in in the shares 
of Company and also any income receivable by me/us from such investments.  
iii. Declaration under Multilateral Instrument (MLI) (Strike off relevant para i f not 
applicable)  
- Article 7(1) - Principal Purpose Test (PPT)  - I/We hereby declare that the 
investments made by me/us in the shares of Company are not arranged in 
a manner which results in obtaining a tax benefit, whether directly or 
indirectly, as one of  its principal purposes. The tax benefit, if any, derived 
from such investments would be in accordance with the object and purpose 
of the relevant provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement 
 
 between India and ……………………… (Shareholder to fill the co untry in 
which the shareholder is tax resident).  
iv. I/We undertake to intimate Company immediately in case of any alteration in the 
aforesaid declaration including change in tax residential status, etc.  
13. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for  Buyback:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date (June 5, 
2026)    
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback (Buyback 
Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback    
Note:  An Equity Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her / its Buyback Entitlement. Number 
of Equity Shares validly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible 
Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Sh ares tendered by any Equity Shareholder over and 
above the Buyback Entitlement of such Equity Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20.7 
on page 50, 20.8 on page 51 and 20.9 on page 52 of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any Equity 
Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Equity Shareholder as on the Record Date 
shall not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance . 
------------ ---------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------------------------  
Acknowledgement Slip: WIPRO BUYBACK OFFER 2026  
(to be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (subject to verification)  
DP ID   Client ID   
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs./M/s   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In Figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Client ID No. &DP ID No. for all future correspondence  
 
 Stamp of Stock Broker  
 
14. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):  
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is 
applicable)   NSDL   CDSL  
Name of the Depository Participant   
DP ID   
Client ID with the DP   
 
15. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Equity 
Shareholder  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 1  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 2  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 3  
Full Name(s) Of The Equity 
Shareholder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN     
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
Telephone No. / Email ID   
* Corporate shareholder must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant corporate 
authorisation should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
16. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms 
and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
  
 
 INSTRUCTIONS  
1. The Buyback will open on June 11, 2026 and close on June 17, 2026 . 
2. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms 
and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
3. In case of Eligible shareholders holding and tendering equity shares in demat form, 
submission of Tender Form and TRS is not required. Eligible Shareholders who desire 
to tender their Equity Shares in the dematerialized form under the Buyback would 
have to do so through their respective Stock Broker by indicating the details of Equity 
Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback. Please note non -resident 
shareholders (except FPIs) are required to subm it this duly filled Tender form, and 
self-declaration forms (Annexure 1 and Annexure 2) along with the relevant 
documents for tax related purposes as mentioned in paragraph 21.18.8 on page 56 of 
the Letter of Offer to the Registrar. The documents should re ach before the close of 
business hours to the Registrar (on or before June 17, 2026 by 5:00 PM IST). For 
Further details, please follow the procedure as mentioned in paragraph 21.20 on page 
57 of the Letter of Offer . 
4. The Equity Shares tendered in the Buyba ck shall be liable to be rejected if (i) the shareholder 
is not a shareholder of the Company as on the Record Date, (ii) if there is a name mismatch 
in the demat account of the shareholder, (iii) in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form 
and other do cuments but non -receipt of Equity Shares in the special account of the Clearing 
Corporation, or (iv) a non -receipt of valid bid in the exchange bidding system.  
5. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and 
unblocked  to receive credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to the 
Buyback being on a proportionate basis in terms of the ratio of Buyback, in accordance with 
the Buyback Regulations.  
6. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligibl e Shareholders holding Equity Shares may 
participate in the Buyback by providing their application in plain paper in writing signed by all 
Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible 
Shareholder(s), number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP 
Name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the 
Buyback.  
7. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Buyback offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares 
to the ext ent of their Buyback Entitlement in whole or in part or in excess of their Buyback 
Entitlement, but not exceeding their holding as on the Record Date.  
8. For the procedure to be followed by Equity Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback, please 
refer to section 21 on page 53 of the Letter of Offer.  
9. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders 
are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this regard.  
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, the non -resident shareholders give the Company 
the authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all applications to file 
regulatory reporting, if required, and undertake to provide assistance to the Company for 
such regulatory reporting, if re quired by the Company.  
  
 
 All capitalised items shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
---------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD 
BE ADDRESSED TO  REGISTRAR TO  
 THE BUYBACK AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR 
CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre:  
WIPRO BUYBACK OFFER 2026  
KFin Technologies Limited  
Selenium Building Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32., Financial district, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally , Hyderabad, Telangana, 500032, India.  
Tel: +91 40 67162222/ 18003094001 ; Fax: +91 40 6716 1563; Email: 
wipro.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; 
Website: www.kfintech.com  
Contact Person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Investor Grievance Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221  
Corporate Identification Num ber: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
  
 
 TENDER FORM FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (FOR EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS 
HOLDING SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM)  
Bid Number:  
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors  
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur  Road,  
Bengaluru - 560035  
Tel. No.: +91 80 2844 0011;  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Letter of Offer dated June 9, 2026  to Buyback up to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) Equity Shares 
of Wipro Limited (the “Company”) at a price of  ₹ 250/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only) per 
Equity Share (“Buyback Price”), payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated June 9, 2026 ) hereby tender / offer 
my / our Equity Shares in response to the Buybac k on the terms and conditions set out below 
and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorise the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned below) and 
to issue instruction(s) to the Registrar to the Buyback to extinguish the Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this tender / offer are offered for 
Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable interest, charges and encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which 
limits / restricts in any manner my / our right to tender Equity Shares for Buyback and that I / 
we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares  offered for Buyback 
where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company.  BUYBACK  OPENS  ON: June  11, 2026  
BUYBACK  CLOSES  ON: June  17, 2026  
 
For Registrar  / collection  centre  use 
Inward  No. Date Stamp  
   
   
Status  (Please  tick appropriate  box) 
 Individual   FII  Insurance  Co. 
 Foreign  Co.  NRI/OCB   FVCI  
 Body  
Corporate   Bank /  FI  Pension  / PF 
 VCF  Partnership/LLP   Others  
(specify)  
      
India  Tax Residency  Status: (Please  tick appropriate  box) 
 Resident  in 
India   Non-Resident  in 
India  Resident  
……………(Sh
areholder  to fill  
the country  of 
residence)  
 
 6. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after necessary deduction of 
Income Tax and due verification of the validity of the documents and that the  consideration may 
be paid to the first named Eligible Shareholder and the provisions of SEBI Buyback Regulations 
and circulars issued by SEBI.  
7. I / We undertake to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully 
received by me / us.  
8. I / We authorize the Company to credit the shares directly in the demat account for the 
unaccepted Equity shares in case the Equity Shares accepted by the Company are less than 
the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback.  
9. I/ We acknowledge that the responsib ility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on 
Buyback is on me / us.  
I / We agree to compute appropriate gains on this transaction and immediately pay applicable 
taxes in India (whether by deduction of tax at source, or otherwise) and file tax ret urn in 
consultation with our custodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
10. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on 
account of gains arising to me / us on Buyback of shares. I / We also undertake to provide the 
Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxability of the proceeds arising 
on Buyback of shares by the Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid 
etc., whenever called for.  
11. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may 
be required or expedient to give effect to my / our tender / offer and agree to abide by any 
decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the 
Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, and the extant 
applicable foreign exchange regulations. I/we agree that this form is deemed to be my consent 
letter for any filings under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEM A) and the rules 
made thereunder.  
12. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback  
 In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record 
Date (June 5, 2026)    
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback 
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback    
Note: An Equity Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her / its Buyback Entitlement. Number of 
Equity Shares validly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder 
shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Equity Shareholder over and above the Buyback 
Entitlement of such Equity Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20.7 on page 50, 20.8 on p age 
51 and 20.9 on page 52 of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any Equity Shareholder over and above the 
number of Equity Shares held by such Equity Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the 
purpose of Acceptance . 
---------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------------------------  
Acknowledgement Slip: WIPRO BUYBACK OFFER 2026  
(to be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (subject to verification)  
Ledger Folio No.:_____________________________  
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs. M/s. _________________________________________________ ____  
Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In Figures) __________  (In Words)_________________  
______________________________________________ ________  STAMP OF STOCK BROKER  
Please quote Ledger Folio No. for all future correspondence  _________________________  
  
 
 13. Details of Share Certificate(s) enclosed :  Total N o. of Share Certificates Submitted:  
Sr. No.  Folio No.  Share Certificate No.  Distinctive No(s)  No. of Shares  
From  To 
1      
2      
3      
4      
Total   
 
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 4 nos., please attach a 
separate sheet giving details in the same format as above.  
14. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Shareholder to be incorporated in the 
consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):  
Name of the Bank  Branch and City  Account Number (indicate type of account)  
   
 
15. Details of other Documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:  
 Power of Attorney   Corporate authorisation  
 Succession Certificate   Death Certificate  
 Permanent Account Number (PAN Card)   TRS  
 Others (please specify): _____________    
 
16. Equity Shareholders Details:  
 First/Sole Equity 
Shareholder  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 1  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 2  Joint Equity 
Shareholder 3  
Full Name(s) Of The Equity 
Shareholder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN     
Address of the Sole/First 
Equity  Shareholder   
Telephone No. / Email ID   
* Corporate shareholder must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant corporate 
authorisation should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
17. Applicable for all non -resident shareholders  -I/We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, 
agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the 
concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”)  under 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, (the “FEMA Regulations” ) and the rules and 
regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buy -back, and also 
undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under th e FEMA Regulations 
and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India / 
We undertake to return to the Company any consideration in respect of the Buy -back that may 
be wrongfully received by me / us. I/We underta ke to pay applicable income taxes in India 
(whether by deduction of tax at source, or otherwise) on any income arising on such Buyback 
and taxable in accordance with the prevailing income tax laws in India. I/ We also undertake to 
indemnify the Company aga inst any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback 
of shares by me/ us to the extent the same is taxable in India.  
 
 18. Additional  self-declaration requirements applicable for all non -resident shareholders 
(except FPIs):  
i. I am/We declare that I/W e do not have permanent establishment in India and that the 
capital gains receivable by me/us from investments in the shares of Company is not 
effectively connected to any permanent establishment in India.  
ii. I am/We are the beneficial owner of the investment s made by me/us in in the shares of 
Company and also any income receivable by me/us from such investments.  
iii. Declaration under Multilateral Instrument (MLI) (Strike off relevant para if not 
applicable)  
- Article 7(1) - Principal Purpose Test (PPT)  - I/We hereby declare that the 
investments made by me/us in the shares of Company are not arranged in a 
manner which results in obtaining a tax benefit, whether directly or indirectly, 
as one of its principal purposes. The tax benefit, if any, derived fro m such 
investments would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the 
relevant provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between 
India and ……………………… (Shareholder to fill the country in which the 
shareholder is tax resident).  
iv. I/We underta ke to intimate Company immediately in case of any alteration in the 
aforesaid declaration including change in tax residential status, etc.  
19. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms 
and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form  
  
 
 INSTRUCTIONS  
1. The Buyback will open June 11, 2026  and close on June 17, 2026 . 
2. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and 
conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
3. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this 
Buyback should deliver the following documents so as to reach before the close of 
business hours to the Registrar (as mentioned in the Letter of Of fer) on or before June 
17, 2026  by 5 :00 PM IST: (i) The relevant Tender Form duly signed (by all Eligible 
Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) in the same order in which they hold the 
Equity Shares; (ii) Original Equity Share certificates; (iii)  Self attested copy of the 
Permanent Account Number (PAN) Card; (iv) Share Transfer deed (Form SH 4) duly 
signed (by all Eligible Shareholders in case Equity Shares are held jointly) in the same 
order in which they hold the Equity Shares; (v) duly filled F orm ISR -4 by all registered 
Eligible Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with 
the Company; (vi) latest Client Master List (“CML”) of the demat account, not older than 
two months; (vii) duly attested by the Depository Pa rticipant (“DP”); (vii) duly filled in 
demat conversion request form (DCRF) along with the service request to process 
transfer of balance unaccepted shares and (viii) all non -resident shareholders (except 
FPIs)  to deliver self -declaration form s (Annexure 1  and Annexure 2) along with  all the 
relevant documents for tax related purposes as mentioned in paragraph  21.18.8 on page 
56 of Letter of Offer.  
4. Eligible Shareholders should also provide all relevant documents in addition to the above 
documents, which include but are not limited to: (i) Duly attested power of attorney registered 
with the Registrar, if any person other than the Eligible Seller has signed the relevant Tender 
Form; (ii) Duly attested death certificate / succession certificate in case any E ligible Seller is 
deceased; and (iii) Necessary corporate authorisations, such as board resolutions etc., in case 
of companies.  
5. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Buyback offer is being made are free to tender Equity Shares 
to the extent of their entitlemen t in whole or in part or in excess of their entitlement.  
6. All documents sent by the Stock Broker/ custodian will be at their own risk and the Stock Broker/ 
custodian is advised to adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.  
7. For the procedure to be followed by Equity Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback Offer, 
please refer to Section 21 on page 53 of the Letter of Offer.  
8. All documents as mentioned above, shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form, otherwise 
the Equity Shares tendered will be l iable for rejection. The Equity Shares shall be liable for 
rejection on the following grounds amongst others: (i) If there is any other company’s equity 
share certificate enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the Equity Share certificate of the 
Company;  (ii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are 
not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders; (iii) If the Eligible Shareholders tender Equity 
Shares but the Registrar does not receive the Equity Share certificate or other relevant 
documents; (iv) In case the signature on the Tender Form and Form SH 4 does not match as 
per the specimen signature recorded with Company/Registrar.  
All capitalised items shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
---------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ----------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD 
BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO  
 THE BUYBACK A T THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR 
LEDGER FOLIO NO.:  
Investor Service Centre: WIPRO BUY BACK OFFER 202 6 
KFin Technologies Limited  
 
 Selenium Building Tower - B, Plot No 31 & 32., Financial district, Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally  Gachibowli, Hyderabad,  Rangareddy,  Telangana, 500032, India.  
Tel: +91 40 67162222/ 18003094001 ; Fax: +91 40 6716 1563; Email: 
wipro.buyback2026@kfintech.com ; 
Website: www.kfintech.com  
Contact Person: Mr. M. Murali Krishna  
Investor Grievance Id: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration Number: INR000000221  
Corporate Identification Number: L72400MH2017PLC444072  
  
 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
[Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Sub -Rule (1) of Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 2014 ] 
 
Date of execution: ____ /____ /_______  
FOR THE CONSIDERATION stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the 
“Transferee(s)” named the securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said 
securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold 
the said securities subject to the condit ions aforesaid.  
 
 
CIN: L 3 2 1 0 2 K A 1 9 4 5 P L C 0 2 0 8 0 0 
 
Name of the company (in full): Wipro Limited  
 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is listed, (if any):  BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES:  
Kind/ Class of securities (1)  Nominal value of  each  
unit of security (2)  Amount called up  per 
unit of security (3)  Amount paid up  per 
unit of security (4)  
Equity Shares  ₹ 2.00 ₹ 2.00 ₹ 2.00 
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (  ₹) 
In figures  In words  In words  In figures  
 
 
    
 
Distinctive 
Number  From     
To    
 
Corresponding  
Certificate Nos.     
 
Transferor’s Particulars  
 
Registered Folio Number:   
 
 
Name(s) in full   Signature(s)  
1.______________________________________________________   _____________________  
 
2. ______________________________________________________   _____________________  
 
3. ______________________________________________________  
  _____________________  
 
I, hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness: __________________________________  
Name of the Witness: _____________________________________  
Address of the Witness: _ ___________________________________________ ___________ _______________  
Pincode: ______________  
 
 Transferee’s Particulars  
Name in full (1) Father’s/ Mother’s / Spouse’s  Name 
(2) Address & E -mail ID (3) 
 
1. ________________________  
2. ________________________  
3. ________________________  
  
1. ________________________  
2. ________________________  
3. ________________________  
  
________________________  
________________________  
________________________  
___________Pin code________  
Occupation (4) Existing Folio No., if any (5) Signature (6) 
 
1. ________________________  
2. ________________________  
3. ________________________    
1. ________________________  
2. ________________________  
3. ________________________  
 
Folio No. of Transferee  Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
__________________________________  1. _________________________________  
2. _________________________________  
Value of Stamp affixed:  ____________  3. _________________________________  
Enclosures:  Stamps  
1.  Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2.  If no certificate is issued,  Letter of allotment  
3.  Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4.  Others, Specify, ___________________________  
  
  
 
 
 
   Name of Transferor  Name of Transferee  No. of Shares  Date of Transfer  
 
___________________  ___________________  ___________________  _________________  
 
 
Signature of authorised signatory  For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by ___________________________________  
 
Signature Tallied by_____________________________  
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on_______________  
 
__________________ vide Transfer no ____________  
 
Approval Date __________________________________  
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death certificate / Letter of 
Administration  
 
Registered on _______________________________ at  
 
No __________________________________________  
 
 Form  ISR-4 
Request  for issue  of Duplicate  Certificate  and other  Service  Requests  
(for Securities  - Shares  / Debentures  / Bonds,  etc., held in physical  form)  
Date:  / /  
A. Mandatory  Documents  / details  required  for processing  all service  request : 
I / We are submitting  the following  documents  / details  with respect  to service  request  (tick 
✓ as relevant,  refer to the instructions):  
• Demat  Account  No.: 
Provide  latest  Client  Master  List (CML ) of your Demat  Account,  not older  than two months, 
attested by the Depository Participant*  
Also,  provide  duly filled-in demat  conversion  request form.  
• Provide  the following  details,  if they are not already  available  with the RTA (see 
SEBI  circular dated November 03, 2021  in this regard)  
PAN Specimen Signature  
Nomination  / Declaration  to Opt-out  
 
* (Your address, e -mail address, mobile number and bank details shall be updated in 
your folio from the information available in your CML ). You can authorize the RTA to 
update the above details for all your folios. In this rega rd, please refer to and use Form 
ISR-1 in SEBI  circular dated November 03, 2021 . 
B. I / We request  you for the following  (tick 
  relevant  box) 
□ Issue  of Duplicate  certificate  □ Claim  from Unclaimed  Suspense Account  
□ Replacement  / Renewal  / Exchange  of 
securities  certificate  □ Endorsement  
□ Sub-division  / Splitting  of securities  
certificate  □ Consolidation  of Folios  
□ Consolidation  of Securities  certificate  □ Transmission  
□ Transposition  (Mention  the new order  of holders  here)  
□ Claim  from Suspense  Escrow  Demat  Account  
 
C. I / We are enclosing  certificate(s)  as detailed  below**:  
Name  of the Issuer  Company   
Folio  Number   
 
 Name(s)  of the security holder(s)  as per the 
certificate(s)  1. 
2. 
3. 
Certificate  numbers   
Distinctive  numbers   
Number  & Face  value  of securities   
** Wherever  applicable  / whichever  details  are available  
D. Document  / details  required  for specific  service  request:  
□  Duplicate  securities  certificate  
□  Claim  from Unclaimed  Suspense  Account  
Securities  claimed  (in numbers) (in  words)  
□  Replacement  / Renewal  / Exchange  of securities  certificate  
(that is defaced,  mutilated,  torn, decrepit,  worn  out or where  the page  on the reverse 
is fully utilized)  
□  Endorsement  
□  Sub-division  / Splitting  of securities  certificate  
□  Consolidation  of securities  certificate/Folios  
□  Transmission  
□  Transposition  
□  Claim  from Suspense  Escrow  Demat  Account  
Securities  claimed  (in numbers) (in  words)  
 
Provide  / attach  original  securities  certificate(s)  for request  for item numbers  III to VIII above.  
Declaration : All the above  facts  stated  are true and correct  to best of my / our knowledge  and 
belief.  
 Security Holder  1 / Claimant  Security  Holder  2 Security  Holder  3 
Signature     
Name     
Full address     
PIN    
 
After  processing  the service request,  the RTA/listed company shall issue  the securities  to the 
security holder/claimant only in demat mode, directly in the demat account of the security 
holder/claimant, within 30 days of receipt of service request.   
 
 Self-Declaration Forms for Non -Resident Shareholders  
Annexure 1 - Self-declaration of cost of acquisition  
Please find below the details of cost of acquisition of the shares tendered by me for the purpose of 
Buyback by Wipro Limited:  
No. of Shares * Date of Acquisition of such shares * Cost of Acquisition * 
   
   
 
(Note: In case the shares are acquired as part of bonus issue, then please mention the cost of 
acquisition as zero.)  
I hereby certify that declaration made above is true and bona fide. In case of any change in the 
declaration on any of the above aspects, I undertake to promptly intimate you of the said event.  
I also undertake to provide all addition al documents/ information, as may be prescribed / required by 
the Indian Revenue authorities, to substantiate any of the above details.  
I further agree to indemnify and hold good Wipro Limited from any liability (including towards tax, interest 
and penalty ) that may arise or may be asserted against Wipro Limited with respect to any shortfall in 
tax withholding based on my aforesaid declaration.  
*Date:  
*DP ID:  
*Client ID:  
*Permanent Account Number:  
*Name of the Shareholder:                                                                                *Signature  
(Please note that the fields marked as * are mandatory to be filled)  
  
 
 Annexure 2  
Date:  / /  
To the Company Secretary / Compliance Officer  
Wipro Limited  
Doddakannelli , 
Sarjapur Road,  
Bangalore - 560035 , India.  
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
Subject: Declaration from Non -resident shareholder  
Ref: Folio Number / DP ID / Client ID - ______________ ; PAN  – ______________ (Please mention 
your permanent account number) (unique identification number) provided by the Indian Tax 
Authority, if any  
I/We, _____________ <shareholder name> , hereby confirm the following:  
1. I/ We am/ are a ______________ <insert legal entity status>  having registered address at 
<insert registered address> . 
2. The Tax Identification Number / Unique Identification Number as issued by the Government of 
______________ <name of the country>  is ______________  
3. I/ We am/are tax resident of ______________ <name of the country>  in accordance with the 
provisions of Article  4 of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement between India and 
______________ <insert country>  (“treaty”)  The Tax Residency Certificate issued by ______ 
is attached herewith. I/We further confirm that I/we am/ are entitled to claim the benefits of the 
treaty between the two countries, taking into consideration the Multilateral Instrument (‘MLI’) 
signed by both the countries, including, but not limited to, satisfaction of the “Principal Purpose 
Test” provided in such MLI  
4. I/ We do not/ will not have any ‘Perma nent Establishment’ in India as envisaged under Article 
5 of the treaty during the period 1 April 2026 to 31 March 2027.  
5. I/ We am/ beneficial owner/s of the shares held in Wipro Limited . Specifically, I/ we confirm 
that I/ we will have exclusive economic possession and control over the capital gains received, 
and that I/ we have the absolute discretion to utilise the capital gains received without being 
constrained by any contractual, legal or other arrangement to pass on such capital gains to any 
other pe rson.  
6. I/ We hereby confirm that I/ we do/ will not have a place of effective management, during the 
period 1 April 2026 to 31 March 2027, in India and none of the key management and 
commercial decisions for the conduct of business in substance are/ will be  made in India.  
7. My/ Our e -mail id _________________________________________________ and contact 
number is __________________ respectively.  
I/ We hereby certify that declarations made above are true and bona fide . In case of any change in the 
declaration on  any of the above aspects, I/ we undertake to promptly intimate you of the said event.  
 
 I/ We also undertake to provide all additional documents/ information, as may be prescribed / required 
by the Indian Revenue authorities, in order to substantiate any of  the above aspects.  
I/ We further agree to indemnify, defend and hold good Wipro Limited  from any liability (including 
towards tax, interest and penalty) that may arise, or may be asserted against Wipro Limited  with 
respect to the availability of treaty be nefits (including under the MLI) in respect of such capital gains.  
Yours sincerely,  
 
 
For ______________ <shareholder name>  
 
 
 
Authorised Signatory  
 
Name: ______________ << Name of person signing declaration>>  
 
Designation: ______________ << Designation of person signing declaration>>  
 