 
 
 
 
June 1, 2026   
 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Relations 
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532321 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: ZYDUSLIFE  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of LOF ( as defined below ) pertaining to buyback of not exceeding 87,30,158 
(eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight) fully paid-up equity shares 
having a face value of INR 1/- (Indian Rupee One only) each (“Equity Shares”) of Zydus 
Lifesciences Limited (hereinafter referred as the “Company”), at a price of INR 1,260/- (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only) per Equity Share for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding INR 1100,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred 
Crore only) (“Buyback Size”), on a proportionate basis through tender offer route 
(“Buyback”), pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended (“Buyback Regulations”).  
 
This is in reference to the captioned Buyback and our letter dated May 31, 2026, whereby we had 
submitted a copy of the letter of offer dated May 31, 2026 (“ Letter of Offer ” or “LOF”). 
 
We wish to inform you that paragraph 19.5.4 of the LOF has been restated, and a copy of the LOF 
with the aforesaid is enclosed herewith. All other terms of the LOF remain unchanged. The same is 
being dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the Buyback Regulations 
and other applicable laws. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS7063 
  
Encl: As above 
LETTER OF OFFER  
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION   
This letter of offer (“Letter of Offer ”) is sent to you as a registered Equity Shareholder  / Beneficial Owner  (as defined below ) of Zydus Lifesciences  Limited ( hereinafter referred 
to as the “Company ”) as on the Record Date (as defined below ) in accordance with  the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended (“ Buyback Regulations ”). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you should consult your stockbroker or investment consult ant or the Manager 
to the Buyback Offer i.e., ICICI Securities Limited , or the Registrar to the Buyback Offer i.e., MUFG Intime India Priv ate Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ). 
Please refer to the section on “Definitions of Key Terms” on page no. 5 of this Letter of Offer for the definitions of the capitalized terms used herein.  
 Zydus Lifesciences Limited  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN):  L24230GJ1995PLC025878  
Registered Office : Zydus Corporate  Park, Scheme No. 63 , Survey No.  536, Khoraj  (Gandhinagar), Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, S.G. 
Highway , Ahmedabad - 382481 , Gujarat , India  
Contact Person:  Mr. Dhaval N. Soni , Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Tel. No.:  +91 79 48040338;  E-mail : dhavalsoni@zyduslife.com ; Website : www.zyduslife.com * 
OFFER TO BUYBACK NOT EXCEEDING 87,30,158 (EIGHTY SEVEN LAKH THIRTY THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY EIGHT)  FULLY PAID -UP EQUITY SHARES OF THE 
COMPANY, HAVING FACE VALUE OF INR 1/- (INDIAN RUPEE ONE  ONLY) EACH (“EQUITY SHARES ”), REPRESENTING 0. 87% OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES 
IN THE PAID -UP SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY , FROM THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON MAY 29 , 
2026 (“RECORD DATE ”) ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS, THROUGH THE “TENDER OFFER” ROUTE AT A PRICE OF INR 1,260/ - (INDIAN RUPEES ONE THOUSAND TWO 
HUNDRED AND SIXTY ONLY)  PER EQUITY SHARE , PAYABLE IN CASH,  FOR AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT NOT  EXCEEDING INR 1100 ,00,00,000 /- (INDIAN RUPEES ONE 
THOUSAND ONE  HUNDRED CRORE  ONLY) EXCLUDING TRANSACTION COSTS.  
1) The Buyback  is in accordance with Article 14 of the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to Sections 68, 69, 70 , 179  and all other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, and the rules framed there under  including the  Share Capital Rules , and the Management Rules,  to the extent appli cable,  the Buyback 
Regulations read with the SEBI Circular s and the Listing Regulations , subject to such other appro vals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be 
necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions , if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC , NSE, BSE and / or other authorities , institutions or bodies, as may 
be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed  while granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, 
which may be agreed by the Board.   
2) The Buyback Size represents 5.16% and 3.84% of the aggregate of the total  paid -up equity share capital and free reserves  of the Company  as per the latest audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026 , respectively,  and is within the statutory limit of 10% of the aggregate of the 
total paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company , based on both  standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company , under the board 
approval route as per Section 68 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act and  Regulation 5 and other applicable provisions of the Buyback Regulations.  
3) The Letter of Offer will be electronically sent to the Equity Shareholders/ Beneficial Owners of Equity Shares as on the Record Date i.e., May 29 , 2026 , in accordance 
with the Buyback Regulations  and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable . Further, in terms of Regulation 9(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, if the 
Company receives a request from any Eligible Shareholder to dispatch a copy of the Letter of Offer in physical form, the same  shall be provided.  
4) The procedure for tendering shares and settlement is set out in paragraph 20 ( Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement ) on page no. 60 of this Letter of Offer. 
The form of acceptance cum acknowledgement (“ Tender Form ”) along with share transfer form (“ Form SH -4”) is enclosed together with this Letter of Offer.  
5) The procedure for Acceptance is set out in paragraph 19 ( Process and Methodology for the Buyback ) on page no. 54 of this Letter of Offer. The payment of consideration 
is in cash to the Eligible Shareholders. For mode of payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders, please refer to p aragraph 20. 29 (Method of Settlement ) on 
page no. 69 of this Letter of Offer.  
6) A copy of the Public Announcement , Addendum to the Public Announcement  and the Letter of Offer (along with the Tender Form and Form SH -4) shall be available on 
the websites of the Company ( www.zyduslife.com ), Manager to the Buyback (www.icicisecurities.com ), Registrar to the Buyback ( www. in.mpms.mufg.com ) and is 
expected to be available on the websites of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE ( www.nseindia.com ) and BSE ( www.bseindia.com ). 
7) Eligible Shareholders are advised to read the Letter of Offer and in particular, refer to paragraph 17 ( Details of Statutory Approvals ) on page no.  53 of this Letter of Offer 
and paragraph 21 ( Note on Taxation ) on page no. 72 of this Letter of Offer before tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
ICICI Securities Limited  
Address: ICICI Venture  House , Appasaheb Marathe  Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 
400025 , Maharashtra, India  
Tel. no.:  +91 22 6807 7100 ; Fax no .: + 91 22 6807 7801  
Contact person : Ramesh Vaswana  / Tanya Tiwari  
Email : zll.buyback@icicisecu rities.com  
Website: www.icicisecurities.com  
SEBI  registration no. : INM000011179  
Validity period : Permanent  
  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) 
Address: C 101,  Embassy 247,  1st Floor, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West ), Mumbai – 
400083, Maharashtra, India  
Tel. no.: +91 810 811 4949 ; Fax no .: +91 22 49186060  
Contact person:  Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
Email : zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com ;  
Investor Grievance Email: zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com ;  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI registration no.: INR000004058  
Validity period : Permanent  
BUYBACK PROGRAMME  
BUYBACK OPENS ON  THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2026  
BUYBACK CLOSES ON  WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10 , 202 6 
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED 
DOCUMENTS BY THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ON OR BEFORE 5:00 PM (IST) ON WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 2026  
BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT  
CATEGORY OF ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  RATIO OF BUYBACK ENTITLEMENT# 
RESERVED CATEGORY FOR SMALL SHAREHOLDERS  5 EQUITY SHARE  FOR EVERY 49 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
GENERAL CATEGORY FOR ALL OTHER ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS  7 EQUITY SHARE  FOR EVERY 937 EQUITY SHARES HELD ON THE RECORD DATE  
* In addition to the Company’s contact details provided above, the investors may reach out to the Investor Service Centre of MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly  Link Intime 
India Private Limited) for any queries at +91 810 811 4949  and at zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com , details of which are also included at paragraph 27 (Details of 
Investor Service Centre)  of the Letter of Offer.  
# The ratio of Buy back indicated above is approximate and provides an indication of the Buy back Entitlement. Any computation of entitled Equity Shares using the above ratio of 
Buyback may provide a slightly different number due to rounding -off. The actual Buy back Entitlement for reserved category for Small Shareholders is 10.1952262914% and general 
category for all other Eligible Shareholders is 0.7470334931% . For further information on ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each category, pleas e refer paragraph 
19.6 on page no. 56 of the Letter of Offer.  
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS CAN ALSO CHECK THEIR ENTITLEMENT ON THE WEBSITE OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK BY FOLLOWING THE STEPS GIVEN BELOW:   
1) Click on https://in.mpms.mufg.com/Offer/Default.aspx  
2) Select the name of the Company  - Zydus Lifesciences  Limited  
3) Select holding type - “Demat” or “Physical” or “PAN”  
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your “Folio Number” or “NSDL DPID/Client ID” or “CDSL Client ID” or “PAN”  
5) Enter the security code and click  on submit  
6) Then click on ‘View’ button  
7) The entitlement will be provided in the pre -filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’  

 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 4 
2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ . 5 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  10 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  ................................ ....................  12 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  ................................ ................................ ...............  23 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK ................................ ................................ ................................ . 23 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .........................  26 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ...........................  26 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON THE 
COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  26 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  ................................ ................................ .... 35 
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ............  37 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT TO BE DEPOSITED THEREIN AND FIRM 
FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT ................................ ................................ ...............................  37 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN  ................................ .........................  38 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY  ................................ ................................ ...........  41 
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  ................................ .............................  48 
16. STOCK MARKET DATA  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  51 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  ................................ ................................ ................  53 
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ ... 54 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  ................................ ............................  55 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  ................................ ..................  60 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  72 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  ................................ ..............................  76 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR’S REPORT  ................................ ................................ .......................  77 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  ................................ ................................ ..........................  80 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  ................................ ................................ .............  81 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS  ....................  82 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE  ................................ ................................ ...... 82 
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  ................................ ................................ .... 82 
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  ................................ ................................ .....................  82 
TENDER FORMS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........................  83 
 
  
 
3 NO OFFER TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL, OR AN INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL, 
ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY IN ANY JURISDICTION OR AS A SOLICITATION OR AN INVITATION 
TO SUBSCRIBE/PURCHASE/SELL ANY SECURITIES INCLUDING THE EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY  
 
• This Letter of Offer together with the Public Announcement has been prepared for the purposes 
of compliance with applicable Indian laws and regulations. This Letter of Offer has not been filed, 
registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Acco rdingly, the information disclosed 
may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared 
in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. Except as 
otherwise required by applicable I ndian law, the Company and the Manager to the Buyback are 
under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date of this 
Letter of Offer. This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer in any form, or an 
invitation in any form to subscribe/purchase/sell, any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such offer or solicitation and as a consequence, subject t he Company or the Manager to the 
Buyback to any new or additional requirements or registrations;  
 
• The Letter of Offer shall be dispatched through electronic mode to all Eligible Shareholders whose 
names appeared on the register of members of the Company / register of beneficial owners as 
downloaded from the Depositories , as of the Record Date. The Company shall provide a copy of 
the Letter of Offer in physical form in case of receipt of request from any such Eligible Shareholder. 
However, receipt of the Letter of Offer by any Eligible Shareholder in a jurisdiction in whi ch it 
would be illegal to make thi s offer, or where making this offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of this Letter of Offer under any local securities 
laws), shall not be treated by such Eligible Shareholder as an offer being made to t hem and shall 
be construed by them as being sent for information purposes only; and  
 
• Potential users of this information are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions 
in their respective jurisdictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders Equity Shares in the Buyback 
Offer shall be deemed to have declared, represented, war ranted and agreed that such Eligible 
Shareholder is authorized under the provisions of any applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
statutes to participate in the Buyback.  
  
 
4 1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES   
 
Activity  Schedule of activities  
Date  Day 
Date of Board Meeting approving the proposal for the 
Buyback   May 19 , 2026  Tuesday  
Date of the Public Announcement for the Buyback  May 20 , 2026  Wednesday  
Date of publication of the Public Announcement for the 
Buyback  May 21 , 2026  Thursday  
Date of Addendum to the Public Announcement  May 27, 2026  Wednesday  
Date of publication of Addendum to the Public 
Announcement for the Buyback  May 28, 2026  Thursday  
Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement 
and the names of Eligible Shareholders  May 29 , 2026  Friday  
Last date for dispatch  of this Letter of Offer  June 2, 2026  Tuesday  
Buyback Opening Date  June 4, 2026  Thursday  
Buyback Closing Date  June 10, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Form and 
other specified documents by the Registrar  June 10, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of verification of Tender Forms by Registrar to 
the Buyback  June 15, 2026  Monday  
Last date of intimation to the Stock Exchanges 
regarding acceptance or non -acceptance of tendered 
Equity Shares by the Registrar  June 16, 2026  Tuesday  
Last date of completion of settlement of bids by the 
Clearing Corporation/ Stock Exchanges  June 17, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) by the 
Registrar to the Buyback/ unblocking/ return of 
unaccepted Equity Shares by Stock Exchanges to 
Eligible Shareholders/ Seller Broker  June 17, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date for payment of consideration to Eligible 
Shareholders who participated in the Buyback  June 17, 2026  Wednesday  
Last date  of extinguishment  of Equity Shares bought 
back  June 29, 2026  Monday  
Note: Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the 
respective last dates.  
  
 
5 2. DEFINITION OF KEY TERMS  
 
2.1 This Letter of Offer uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context 
otherwise indicates or implies or specifies otherwise, shall have the meaning as provided 
below. References to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to 
such legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies as amended, supplemented, or 
re-enacted from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any 
subordinate legislation made from time to time unde r that provision.  
 
2.2 The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer  but not defined herein shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms under the Buyback Regulations, the Companies Act , the 
Depositories Act, 1996, and the rules and regulations made thereunder.  
 
Term  Description  
Acceptance  / Accept  / or 
Accepted  Acceptance of Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders 
in the Buyback  
Act or Companies Act  The Companies Act, 2013, as amended and rules framed 
thereunder  
Acquisition Window  The facility for acquisition of Equity Shares through the 
mechanism provided by the Stock Exchanges in the form of a 
separate window in accordance with SEBI Circulars  
Additional Equity Shares  Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Shareholder 
over and above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible 
Shareholder up to the extent of Equity Shares held by such 
Eligible Shareholder on the Record Date  
Addendum to the Public  
Announcement/ 
Addendum to PA/  
Addendum  The addendum to the public announcement dated May 27, 
2026, made in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, 
published on May 2 8, 2026, in the newspapers set out in 
paragraph 5 ( Details of Public Announcement ) of this Letter of 
Offer  
Articles   / Articles of 
Association  Articles of Association of the Company, as amended  
Board / Board of Directors  Board of Directors of the Company, which expression shall 
include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its 
powers, including the powers conferred by the resolution 
passed by the Board at its meeting held on May 19 , 2026  
Board Meeting  Meeting of the Board held on May 19 , 2026  inter alia  to approve 
the Buyback  
BSE  BSE Limited  
Buyback / Buyback Offer 
or Offer  Offer to buy back not exceeding  87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh 
thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares , 
representing 0.87% of the total number of Equity Shares in the 
paid -up share capital of the Company,  at a price of INR 1,260/ - 
(Indian Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per 
Equity Share  payable in cash  for an aggregate amount not 
exceeding INR 1100,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
One Hundred Crore  only) from the Eligible Shareholders , on a 
proportionate basis through the Tender Offer route  as 
prescribed under  the Buyback Regulations read with SEBI 
Circulars  
 
6 Buyback Closing Date  Wednesday, June 10, 2026  
Buyback Committee / 
Committee  The Buyback committee, comprising of Mr. Pankaj R. Patel, Dr. 
Sharvil P. Patel, and Mr. Ganesh N. Nayak , directors of the 
Company , constituted and authorized for the purposes of the 
Buyback by a resolution passed by the Board at its meeting held 
on May 19 , 2026  
Buyback Entitlement / 
Entitlement  The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Shareholder is 
entitled to tender, in the Buyback, based on the number of 
Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder, on the Record 
Date and the ratio / percentage of Buyback applicable in the 
category to w hich such Eligible Shareholder belongs  
Buyback Opening Date  Thursday, June 4, 2026  
Buyback Price / Buyback 
Offer Price  Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the 
Eligible Shareholders i.e., INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees One 
Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per Equity Share, 
payable in cash  
Buyback Period  The period between the date of the Board Meeting to approve 
the Buyback , i.e., May 19 , 2026 , and the date on which the 
payment of consideration is made to the Eligible Shareholders 
who have accepted the Buyback  
Buyback Regulations  SEBI (Buy -Back of Securities)  Regulations, 2018, as amended 
from time to time , including any statutory modification or re -
enactments thereof  
Buyback Size   Maximum number  of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back , 
i.e., not exceeding 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand 
one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares  multiplied by the 
Buyback Price (i.e., INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per Equity Share ) aggregating to an 
amount not exceeding  INR 1100,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees One 
Thousand One Hundred Crore  only). The Buyback Size excludes 
Transactio n Costs  
CDSL  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  
CIN Corporate Identity Number  
Clearing Corporation  Collectively, NSE Clearing Limited and Indian Clearing 
Corporation Limited  
Committee Meeting  Meeting of the Board held on May 27, 202 6 to approve 
Addendum to the Public Announcement  
“Company” / “Our 
Company” / “we” / “us” / 
“our”  Zydus Lifesciences Limited  
Company’s Broker  ICICI Securities Limited  
Company Demat Escrow 
Account  Demat  escrow  account of the Company designated for the 
Buyback   
Compliance Officer  Dhaval N. Soni  
Depositories  Collectively, National Securities Depository Limited and Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited  
Designated Stock Exchange  NSE  
 
7 Director(s)  Director(s) of the Company  
DIN Director Identification Number  
DP Depository Participant  
Equity Share(s) / Share(s)  Fully paid -up equity shares of the Company of face value of INR 
1/- (Indian Rupee One only) each  
Eligible Person(s) / Eligible 
Shareholder(s)  Equity Shareholders eligible to participate in the Buyback and 
would mean all Equity Shareholders / Beneficial Owners of the 
Equity Shares of the Company on the Record Date, being May 
29, 2026 , and do not include such Equity Shareholders / 
Beneficial Owners of the Equity Shares who are not permitted 
under the applicable law to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback  
Escrow Account  Escrow account titled “ Zydus Lifesciences  Limited  Buyback 2026  
Escrow Account ” opened with the Escrow Agent in accordance 
with Buyback Regulations  
Escrow Agent  ICICI  Bank  Limited  
Escrow Agreement  The escrow agreement dated May 2 2, 2026  entered into  
between the Company, the Escrow Agent, and the Manager to 
the Buyback  
FATC A Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
FEMA  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended 
from time to time, including the regulations, circulars, 
directions and notifications issued thereunder  
FII(s)  Foreign Institutional Investor(s)  
FPI(s)  Foreign Portfolio Investor(s)  
General Category  Eligible Shareholders other than the Small Shareholders  
IPV In person verification  
IT Act  / Income Tax Act  The Income Tax Act, 2025  
Letter of Offer  / LOF This letter of offer dated May 31 , 2026  containing disclosures 
in relation to the Buyback as specified in Schedule III of the 
Buyback Regulations  
Listing Regulations  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time  
“Manager to the Buyback” 
/ “Manager to the Offer” / 
“Manager”  ICICI Securities  Limited  
Management Rules  Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as 
amended  from time to time  
Memorandum of 
Association / MOA  Memorandum of Association of the Company, as amended 
from time to time  
N.A.  / NA  Not applicable  
Non -Resident 
Shareholders  Eligible Shareholders residing outside India  including  non-
resident Indians, foreign nationals, foreign corporate bodies 
(including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), FII/ FPI , etc. 
NSDL  National Securities Depository Limited  
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
8 Offer Period / Tendering 
Period  Period of 5 (five) Working Days from the Buyback Opening Date 
i.e., Thursday, June 4, 2026  to Buyback Closing Date i.e., 
Wednesday, June 10, 2026  (both days inclusive)  
Original Buyback Price  Original p rice at which Equity Shares were to be bought back 
from the Eligible Shareholders i.e., INR 1,150/ - (Indian Rupees 
One Thousand One Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share, 
payable in cash  
OSV  Original seen and verified  
PA / Public Announcement  The public announcement dated May 20, 2026 , made in 
accordance with the Buyback Regulations, published on May 
21, 2026 , in the newspapers set out in paragraph 5 ( Details of 
Public Announcement ) of this Letter of Offer  together with the 
addendum to the public announcement dated May 27, 2026 
and published on May 28, 2026 in the newspapers set out in 
paragraph 5 ( Details of Public Announcement ) of this Letter of 
Offer  
PAN  Permanent Account Number  
Promoter and Promoter 
Group  The promoter and promoter group of the Company as defined 
under the S ecurities and Exchange Board of India  (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as 
amended  
RBI Reserve Bank of India  
Record Date  The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback 
Entitlement and the names of the Eligible Shareholders to whom 
the Letter of Offer (including the Tender Form) will be sent, and 
who are eligible to participate in the Buyback in accordance with 
the Buyba ck Regulations. The Record Date for the Buyback is 
May 29 , 2026  
“Registrar to the Buyback” 
/ “Registrar to the Offer” / 
“Registrar”  MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India 
Private Limited)  
Reserved Category  The Small Shareholders eligible to tender Shares in the Buyback  
ROC  Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad  
SEBI  Securities and Exchange Board of India  
SEBI Circulars  SEBI circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 
2015 read with  SEBI circular no. CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 
dated December 09, 2016 , SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021  and SEBI circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated March 8, 2023  and 
such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable, 
including any amendments or statutory modifications for the 
time being in force  
Seller Member  / Seller 
Broker  The stockbroker (who is member of  the NSE and/or  BSE) of an 
Eligible Shareholder through whom the order for selling the 
Equity Shares of Eligible Shareholders will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window  
Small Shareholder  As defined under Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations 
and in relation to the Buyback means an Eligible Shareholder 
 
9 who holds Equity Shares of market value of not more than INR 
2,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees Two Lakh  only), on the basis of closing 
price on the recognized stock exchange registering the highest 
trading volume as on the Record Date  
Share Capital Rules  Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as 
amended from time to time  
Shareholders / Equity 
Shareholders / Members / 
Beneficial Owners  Holders of Equity Shares and includes beneficial owners thereof  
Stock Exchanges  Collectively, BSE and NSE  
Stock Exchange 
Mechanism  The “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock 
Exchange” notified by SEBI Circulars  
Tender Form  Form of Acceptance –cum –Acknowledgement to be filled in and 
sent to the Registrar by the Eligible Shareholder(s) to participate 
in the Buyback  
Tender Offer  Method of buyback as defined in Regulation 2(i)(q) of the 
Buyback Regulations  
Transaction Costs  Brokerage costs, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as  
buyback tax,  securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, 
stamp duty, etc., expenses incurred or to be incurred for the 
Buyback like filing fees payable to SEBI, advisors/ legal fees, 
public announcement publication expenses, printing and 
dispatch expenses  and other incidental and related expenses, 
etc. 
TRS Transaction Registration Slip generated by the exchange bidding 
system  
Working Day  Working day as defined in the Buyback Regulations  
 
2.3 Certain conventions, currency of presentation, use of financial information and stock 
market data  
 
Page Numbers and Paragraph Numbers  
 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to page numbers and paragraph numbers in this Letter 
of Offer are to page numbers and paragraph numbers of this Letter of Offer.  
 
Currency and Units of Presentation  
 
All references to “INR”, “ Rupee(s)”, “₹” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of 
the Republic of India.  
 
Financial and Other Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, our financial information in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from our audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the 
fiscal year ended on March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 31, 2024 . 
 
Our Company’s fiscal year commences on April 1 of each year and ends on March 31 of the 
next year (referred to herein as “ Fiscal ”, “Fiscal  Year ” or “ FY”). 
 
 
10 Stock Market Data  
 
Unless stated or the context requires otherwise, stock market data included in this Letter of 
Offer is derived from the website of NSE and BSE. 
 
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE  
 
3.1 As required  under the Buyback Regulations , a copy of this Letter of Offer has been submitted 
to SEBI. It is to be distinctly understood that submission of this Letter of Offer to SEBI should 
not, in any way be deemed or construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. 
SEBI does not t ake any responsibility either for the financial soundness of the Company to 
meet the Buyback commitments or for the correctness of the statements made or opinions 
expressed in the Letter of Offer. The Manager to the Buyback has certified that the disclosur es 
made in the Letter of Offer are generally adequate and are in conformity  with the provisions 
of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations. This requirement is to  facilitate Eligible 
Shareholders to take an informed decision for tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
 
3.2 It should also be clearly understood that while the Company is primarily responsible for the 
correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in the Letter of Offer, the 
Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure  that the Company 
discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose, the Manager to the 
Buyback has furnished to SEBI a due diligence certificate dated  May 31, 2026 , in accordance 
with Buyback Regulations which reads as follows:  
 
“We have examined various documents and materials contained in the annexure to this 
letter, as part of the due -diligence carried out by us in connection with the finalization 
of the public announcement dated May 20 , 2026  for the Buyback (“ Public 
Announcement ”) which was published on May 21 , 2026 , Addendum to the Public 
Announcement dated May 27, 2026  which was published on May 28, 2026 (“ Addendum 
to Public Announcement ”) and the Letter of Offer dated May 31 , 2026  (“Letter of 
Offer ”). On the basis of such examination and the discussions with the Company, we 
hereby state that:  
 
• the Public Announcement read together with the Addendum to the Public 
Announcement and the Letter of Offer are in conformity with the documents, 
materials and papers relevant to the Buyback;  
 
• all the legal requirements connected with the said Buyback including the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended, have been duly complied with;  
 
• the disclosures in the Public Announcement read together with the Addendum to the 
Public Announcement and the Letter of Offer are, to the best of our knowledge, true, 
fair and adequate in all material respects for the Eligible Shareholders to make a 
well-informed decision in respect of the Buyback  offer ; and  
 
• funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as 
amended .” 
 
3.3 The filing of the Letter of Offer with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any 
liabilities under the provisions of the Companies Act or from the requirement of obtaining 
such statutory or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of  the proposed 
Buyback.  
 
11  
3.4 The members of the  Promoter and Promoter Group  and the  Board of Directors declare and 
confirm that no information / material  likely to have a bearing on the decision of Eligible 
Shareholders has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or incorporated in the manner that would 
amount to mis -statement/ mis -representation and in the event of it transpiring at any point 
of time that any info rmation / material  has been suppressed/ withheld and/ or amounts to a 
mis-statement/ mis -representation, the members of the  Promoter a nd Promoter Group  and 
the Board of Directors and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms of the provisions 
of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.  
 
3.5 The members of the Promoter and Promoter Group and the  Board of Directors also declare 
and confirm that funds borrowed from banks and financial institutions will not be used for the 
Buyback.  
 
3.6 Disclaimer for persons from the United States of America  
 
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are 
not US Persons as defined in Regulations of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
who are not physically present in the United States of America. This Le tter of Offer does not 
in any way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in the United States 
of America or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to 
any person to whom it is unlawful  to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the 
information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about , and 
to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.7 Disclaimer for persons in foreign countries other than the United States of America  
 
This Letter of Offer has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. 
This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any 
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation  would subject the Company or the 
Manager to the Buyback to a new or additional requirements or registration . Potential users 
of the information contained in  this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions.  
 
3.8 Important Notice to All Equity Shareholders  
 
This Letter of Offer has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the Buyback 
Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would 
have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the  laws and 
regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager to the Buyback 
are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the date 
of this Letter of Offer. The Letter of Offer shall be dispa tched to all Shareholders whose names 
appear on the register of members of the Company, as of the Record Date , as per the Buyback 
Regulations and such other circulars or notifications, as may be applicable . However, receipt 
of th e Letter of Offer by any Equity Shareholders in a jurisdiction in which it would be illegal 
to make this Tender Offer, or where making this Tender Offer would require any action to be 
taken (including, but not restricted to, registration of the Letter of Offer under any local 
securi ties laws), shall not be treated by such Shareholders as an offer being made to them. 
Potential users of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Any Eligible Sharehold er who tenders 
his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared, represented, 
warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of any applicable 
local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participa te in the Buyback.  
 
12  
3.9 Forward Looking Statements  
 
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward -looking statements. These forward -looking 
statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘project’, ‘will ’, ‘will continue’, ‘will 
pursue’ or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our 
strategies, objectives, plans or goals are also forward -looking statements. All forward -looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertai nties and assumptions about the Company that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward -
looking statement.  
 
Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by forward -looking statements due 
to risks or uncertainties associated with expectations relating to, inter alia , regulatory changes 
pertaining to the industries in which the Company operates and its ability to respond to them, 
the Company’s ability to successfully implement its strategy, its growth and expansion, 
technological changes, exposure to market risks, gen eral economic and political conditions in 
India or other key markets where it operates  which have an impact on its business activities 
or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the 
performance of the fina ncial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, 
regulations and taxes and changes in competition in the industries in which the Company 
operates.  
 
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been 
subject to rounding -off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal 
points. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numb ers may not 
conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row 
in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row.  
 
4. TEXT OF RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE BOARD MEETING  
 
The Buyback has been authorized and approved  by the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on  May 19 , 2026 . The text of the resolution passed by the Board is  as follows:   
 
Quote  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  in accordance with Article 14 of the Articles of Association of Zydus 
Lifesciences Limited  (“Company ”) and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70, 179 
and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the 
“Companies Act ”), rules framed under the Companies Act, including the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 as amended and the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, to the extent applicable, and in compliance with 
the Securiti es and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended (the “Buyback Regulations ”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ Listing 
Regulations ”), and including any amendments, statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) 
for the time being in force, and subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, 
exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary and subject to any modifications and 
condi tions, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the Securities and Exchange Board o f 
India (“ SEBI ”), Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad (“ ROC ”), BSE Limited (“ BSE”), National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“ NSE”) and / or other authorities institutions or bodies (the 
“Appropriate Authorities ”), as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and 
modifications as may be prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions, 
 
13 sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(the “ Board ”, which expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to 
exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this Board resolution), the Board 
hereby approves the buyback of not exceeding 95,65,217 (ninety five lakh sixty five thousan d 
two hundred seventeen) fully paid -up equity shares of the Company, each having a face value 
of INR 1/ - (Indian Rupee One only) (“ Equity Shares ”), represe nting up to 0.95% of the total 
number of equity shares in the paid -up share capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026, 
at a price of INR 1,150/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Fifty only) per Equity 
Share (“ Buyback Price ”), subject to any increase to the Buyback Price as may be approved by 
the Board or any committee thereof, payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
INR 1100,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Crores only) (excluding 
transactio n costs viz. brokerage co sts, fees, turnover charges, applicable taxes such as 
buyback tax, securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, etc., expenses 
incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees payable to the SEBI, advisors/ legal 
fees, public announcement publication expenses, printing and dispatch expenses and other 
incidental and related expenses, etc.) (“ Buyback Size ”), being 5.16% and 3.84% of the 
aggregate of the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company as per 
the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at 
March 31, 2026, respectively (which is wit hin the statutory limits of 10% of the aggregate of 
the fully paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company, based on both 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, under the Board approval 
route as per the provisions  of the Companies Act and Buyback Regulations), on a 
proportionate basis through the “ tender offer ” route as prescribed under the Buyback 
Regulations, from all of the equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Company, including 
the promoters and members of the promoter group of the Company (as defined under SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares a nd Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, and to be referred as 
“Promoter and Promoter Group ”) who hold Equity Shares as of the record date i.e., Friday, 
May  29, 2026 (the “ Record Date ” and such buyback the “ Buyback ”). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall implement the Buyback using the “Mechanism 
for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange pursuant to Tender -Offers under Takeovers, 
Buy Back and Delisting” notified by the SEBI vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated 
April 13, 2015 read with SEBI circular CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 09, 2016, 
SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021 and SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -2/P/CIR/2023/35 dated  March 8, 2023, including any am endments or 
statutory modifications for the time being in force (“ SEBI Circulars ”), and the Company shall 
approach NSE  for facilitating the same which shall act as the designated stock exchange.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall implement the Buyback out of its securities 
premium account, free reserves and/or such other sources as may be permitted by law, and 
the Buyback shall be through tender offer in such manner as may be prescribed under the 
Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations, and on such terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of Section 69 of the Companies Act, the Company shall 
transfer from its free reserves or securities premium account and/ or such other sources as 
may be permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back 
through t he Buyback, to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such 
transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to Regulation 42 of the Listing Regulations  and 
Regulation 9(i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Record Date for determining the entitlement 
and names of the equity shareholders who would be eligible to participate in the buyback 
 
14 shall be Friday, May 29 , 2026.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  all equity shareholders/ beneficial owners of the Equity Shares, 
including Promoter and Promoter Group, who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date 
(“Eligible Shareholders ”), will be eligible to participate in the Buyback except any 
shareholders who may be specifically prohibited under the applicable laws by Appropriate 
Authorities.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required by Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the 
Company shall buyback Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders, on a proportionate basis 
under the tender offer, provided 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company 
proposes to Buyba ck or number of Equity Shares entitled as per the shareholding of small 
shareholders at the Record Date, whichever is higher, shall be reserved for small shareholders, 
as defined in the Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents 
outside India including non -resident Indians, foreign nationals, foreign corporate bodies 
(including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign institutional investors / foreign 
portfolio inve stors, shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent necessary or 
required from the concerned authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, and that such approvals shall be required to be taken by such non -resident 
shareholders.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining 
minimum public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing 
Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall not use borrowed funds, whether secured or 
unsecured, of any form and nature, from banks and financial institutions for paying the 
consideration to the equity shareholders who have tendered their Equity Shares in the 
Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall earmark adequate sources of funds for the 
purpose of the Buyback, and Mr. Vishal J. Gor, Dy. Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Yatin K. 
Desai, Sr. General Manager -Corporate Finance , be and are hereby severally authorized to sign 
and submit a firm financing certificate, and to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Mr. 
Dhaval N. Soni , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, be and is hereby 
appointed as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Company shall maintain a register of securities bought back 
wherein details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought 
back, date of cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying 
of Equity Shares and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that 
Mr. Dhaval N. Soni , Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company and Mr. Vishal 
J. Gor, Dy. Chief Financial Officer be and are hereby  severally authorised to authenticate the 
entries made in the said register.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required under the provision to Section 68(6) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 8(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations, the draft of the affidavit for declaration 
 
15 of solvency prepared in the prescribed form along with supporting documents, placed before 
the meeting be and is hereby approved, and that Mr. Pankaj R. Patel, Chairman and Dr. Sharvil 
P. Patel, Managing Director,  be and are hereby authorized jointly to finalise and sign the same, 
for and on behalf of the Board, and Mr. Dhaval N. Soni , Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer of the Company, be and is hereby authorized to file the same with ROC and SEBI and 
or other concerned authorities, as may be necessar y in accordance with applicable law.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, 
the Board hereby confirms that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the 
Company and has formed an opinion that:  
 
a) immediately following the date of board meeting (i.e., May  19, 2026) (“ Board Meeting ”) 
approving the Buyback, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found 
unable to pay its debts;  
 
b) as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of Board 
Meeting, and having regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the management of 
the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the fi nancial 
resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, 
the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be 
rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the  Board Meeting; and  
 
c) in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20 16, as 
applicable.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board hereby confirms that:  
 
a) all the Equity Shares of the Company are fully paid -up; 
 
b) the Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities 
(including by way of bonus) or convert any outstanding employee stock options / 
outstanding instruments into Equity Shares , from the date of the Board Meeting till the 
expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made 
to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback,  except in discharge of subsisting 
obligations through conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares;  
 
c) unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and / or any other 
regulatory authority, the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of one year, 
as prescribed under the provisions of Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyback  Regulations, from 
the expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is 
made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of its 
subsisting obligations;  
 
d) the Company, as per the provisions of Section 68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make 
a further issue of the same kind of shares or other securities including allotment of new 
shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Companies Act or other specified securiti es within a 
period of six months except by way of a bonus issue or in the discharge of subsisting 
obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or 
conversion of preference shares or debentures into Equity Shares;  
 
 
16 e) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after public announcement of the offer to 
Buyback is made;  
 
f) the Company will ensure consequent reduction of its share capital post Buyback and the 
Equity Shares bought back by the Company will be extinguished and physically destroyed 
in the manner prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the Companies Act withi n 
the specified timelines;  
 
g) the Company shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity 
Shares until the pendency of the lock -in or till the Equity Shares become transferable;  
 
h) the consideration for the Buyback shall be paid by the Company only in cash;  
 
i) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares or other specified securities from any 
person through negotiated deals whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot 
transactions or through any private arrangement in the implementation of Buyback;  
 
j) there are no defaults (either in the past or subsisting) in the repayment of any deposits 
(including interest payable thereon), redemption of debentures or preference shares, 
payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans to any financial institution o r banks 
(including interest payable thereon), as the case may be, and in case of defaults which 
have ceased to subsist, if any, a period of more than 3 (three) years has lapsed;  
 
k) in the event of non -fulfilment of the obligations under the Buyback Regulations by the 
Company, the monies deposited in the Escrow Account / Special Account in full or in part 
shall be forfeited and distributed pro rata amongst the shareholders who accepte d the 
offer and balance if any shall be utilized for investor protection in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations;  
 
l) that the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the 
Companies Act;  
 
m) the aggregate amount of the Buyback i.e. up to INR 1100,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees One 
Thousand One Hundred Crores only) does not exceed 10% of the aggregate of the fully 
paid -up equity share capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest audit ed 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026;  
 
n) the maximum  number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback (up 
to 95,65,217 (ninety five lakh sixty five thousand two hundred seventeen) Equity Shares), 
does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up equity share 
capital o f the Company as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026;  
 
o) the Company has not undertaken a buyback of any of its securities during the period of 
one year immediately preceding the date of the Board Meeting;  
 
p) the Company shall not make any offer of buyback within a period of one year reckoned 
from the date of expiry of the Buyback period i.e., the date on which the payment of 
consideration is made to the shareholders who have accepted the Buyback;  
 
q) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the 
Buyback in such manner as prescribed under the Companies Act and / or the Buyback 
Regulations and any other applicable laws;  
 
17  
r) the Buyback shall be completed within a period of one year from the date of passing of 
Board resolution approving the Buyback;  
 
s) there is no pendency of any scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement 
involving the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, as on date;  
 
t) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company shall 
not be more than twice its paid -up capital and free reserves after the Buyback, based on 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March  
31, 2026, as prescribed under the Companies Act and rules made thereunder and Buyback 
Regulations;  
 
u) the Company is not buying back its Equity Shares so as to delist its shares or other specified 
securities from the stock exchanges;  
 
v) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any 
subsidiary company including its own subsidiary companies, or through any investment 
company or group of investment companies;  
 
w) in accordance with Regulation 5(i)(c) and Clause (xii) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations, while the Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained 
prior consent of its lenders, in case of breach of any covenant with such lenders, however, 
the Company does not require any prior consent of its lender for undertaking the Buyback 
in terms of its outstanding facility agreement ; 
 
x) the information pertaining to the Company as may be set out in the public announcement, 
letter of offer, any corrigenda and all offer documents with respect to the Buyback shall 
be true, fair and adequate information in all material aspects and shall not c ontain any 
misleading information; and  
 
y) as per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the Promoter and Promoter Group, 
and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified securities of the 
Company either through the stock exchanges or off -market transactions (in cluding inter -
se transfer of Equity Shares among the Promoter and Promoter Group) from the date of 
Board resolution approving the Buyback  till the closing of the Buyback offer.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information / material that is likely to have a bearing on the 
decision of investors has been suppressed or withheld and /or incorporated in the manner 
that would amount to a mis -statement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring 
at any p oint of time that any information has been suppressed or withheld and / or amounts 
to a mis -statement or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for 
penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Dhaval N. Soni, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer be 
and is hereby authorized to file necessary e -forms with the ROC and to do all such acts, deeds 
and things or incidental for signing and filing of forms, payment of fees, etc. and to do all suc h 
other acts, things and deeds, as may be required for the aforesaid purpose or other services 
as that may be necessary.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Dhaval N. Soni, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of 
the Company , be and is hereby authorised to represent the Company before the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, SEBI, the stock exchanges, any regulatory/ statutory bodies/ authorities or 
 
18 any other agencies connected with the Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, 
documents or other papers that may be required.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by any Director and/or 
Company Secretary be forwarded to concerned persons/ authority as may be required.”  
 
A. APPOINTMENT OF MANAGER, BROKER, ESCROW AGENT, LEGAL ADVISORS, RTA AND 
OTHER AGENCIES/ PROFESSIONALS FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
“RESOLVED THAT in compliance with the Buyback Regulations, the approval of Board be and 
is hereby accorded for appointment of ICICI Securities Limited, having its registered office at 
ICICI Venture House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025, Maharashtra, 
India , as Manager to the Buyback and for other services related to the Buyback at such fees 
and other terms and conditions as mutually agreed with them.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT ICICI Securities Limited be and is hereby appointed as the buying 
broker for the Buyback, to inter alia  carry out the activities as brokers under the Buyback 
Regulations, on terms and conditions as may be mutually decided, and the consent of the 
Board be and is hereby accorded to open a depository account and a trading account with 
ICICI Securities  Limited in connection with and for the purpose of the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in compliance with Regulation 20 of the Buyback Regulations, an 
escrow account in the name and style of “Zydus Lifesciences Limited Buyback 2026 ” (“Escrow 
Account ”) and special account in the name and style of “Zydus Lifesciences Limited Buyback 
2026 ” (“Special Account ”), be opened with ICICI Bank Limited at any of its branch, a scheduled 
commercial bank (“ Escrow Agent ”), for the purpose of the Buyback and that any two of the 
following authorized signatories be and are hereby authorized jointly to finalise, sign and 
execute escrow agreement and issue escrow instructions with regards to this Escrow Account 
/ Special Acco unt, in accordance with Buyback Regulations and also carry out all incidental 
actions . 
 
a) Mr. Tushar D. Shroff, Chief Financial Officer  
b) Mr. Vishal J. Gor, Dy. Chief Financial Officer  
c) Mr. Dhaval N. Soni, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
d) Mr. Yatin K. Desai, Sr. General Manager, Corporate Finance  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in compliance with the Buyback Regulations, any one of the above 
named persons be and are hereby severally authorized to operate the Escrow Account / 
Special Account and instruct the Escrow Agent to make the payment of the amount lying to 
the credit of the  Escrow Account / Special Account in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations and/or the directions of SEBI.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any two of the above named persons be and are hereby jointly 
authorized to undertake necessary steps to implement the above resolution and execute any 
documents necessary in regard to the escrow arrangements and do all such acts, deeds and 
things as may be required, necessary, expedient or incidental to give effect to the foregoing 
resolution, and to settle or give instructions and directions for settling any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in  this regard and to give e ffect to such modifications, 
changes, variations, alterations, deletions or additions as may be deemed fit and proper in the 
best interest of the Company in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and in 
 
19 consultation with Manager to the Buyback, appointed in this respect . 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  approval is hereby accorded for the  appointment of M/s Khaitan 
& Co as the legal advisors to the Company for the Buyback at such fees and other terms and 
conditions as mutually agreed.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India 
Private Limited) be and is hereby appointed as the Registrar to the Buyback, on the terms and 
conditions as may be mutually decided, and is designated as the investors service centre, as 
requir ed under Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by any Director and/or 
Company Secretary be forwarded to concerned persons/ authority as may be required.”  
 
B. CONSTITUTING A COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
“RESOLVED THAT a committee comprising of Mr. Pankaj R. Patel, Chairman, Dr. Sharvil P. 
Patel, Managing Director and Mr. Ganesh N. Nayak, Director, be constituted for the purpose 
of the Buyback (“ Buyback Committee ”) and that the Buyback Committee be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion 
deem necessary, expedient, usual, or proper as the Buyback Committee may consider to be 
in the best interests  of the Company and its shareholders, withou t any further approval of the 
Board, including but not limited to the following:  
 
a) seeking all regulatory approvals required for the Company to implement the Buyback, as 
applicable;  
 
b) appointing all intermediaries including but not limited to brokers, registrar, advertising 
agency, investor service centre, escrow bank, legal advisors, other advisors, depository 
participant, printers, consultants or representatives, if any, and settlemen t of terms of 
appointment including the remuneration for all such intermediaries / agencies / persons, 
including by the payment of commission, brokerage, fee, charges etc. and enter into 
agreements / letters in respect thereof;  
 
c) opening, operating and closing all necessary accounts, including bank accounts (including 
Escrow Account and Special Account) and entering into agreements with and to give 
instructions in connection therewith and / or to delegate the operation of such acco unts 
as required under applicable laws (including the Buyback Regulations), depository 
accounts (demat account / trading account / buyer broker account) and another account 
as may be necessary for the Buyback and deciding the authorized signatories for suc h 
accounts and for the purpose of payment and authorizing persons to operate the said 
accounts;  
 
d) entering into escrow arrangements as may be required by the Buyback Regulations and 
depositing and / or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into Escrow Account 
and finalising the composition / combination of such deposit into Escrow Account in 
accordance with the provisions of the Buyback Regulations and the escrow arrangement;  
 
e) increasing the Buyback Price and decreasing the number of Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size, till one working day prior 
 
20 to the Record Date, in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations;  
 
f) finalizing the terms and timeline of the Buyback including not limited to the schedule of 
activities, entitlement ratio, opening date and closing date of the offer period and the 
timeframe for completing the Buyback and re -affirming declaration of solvency  as and 
when required;  
 
g) dealing with the stock exchanges (including their clearing corporation), deciding on the 
appointment of a designated stock exchange, and to sign, execute, and deliver such 
documents as may be necessary or desirable in connection with implementing the 
Buyba ck using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” notified 
by SEBI Circulars;  
 
h) taking all actions to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of 
acceptance, pay the shareholders consideration for shares bought back, extinguishment 
of the Equity Shares bought back by the Company and filing of necessary documents in 
relation to the same;  
 
i) arranging for bank guarantees as may be necessary for the Buyback in accordance with 
applicable law;  
 
j) preparation, finalizing, signing and filing of the public announcement, the letter of offer, 
all certifications and undertakings and any other document required in relation to the 
Buyback with the SEBI, ROC, the stock exchanges and other Appropriate Author ities;  
 
k) making all applications to the Appropriate Authorities for their requisite approvals 
including approvals as may be required from the Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, if a ny; 
 
l) signing, executing and delivering such other documents, deeds and writings and to do all 
such acts, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, 
expedient or proper, to be in the best interest of the shareholders for the impleme ntation 
of the Buyback, and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of various 
documents and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and 
correspondence as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI , 
RBI, ROC, stock exchanges, depositories and/or other Appropriate Authorities;  
 
m) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the 
website of the Company and filing the same with the stock exchanges as required under 
applicable law;  
 
n) affixing the Common Seal of the Company on relevant documents required to be executed 
for the buyback of shares in accordance with the provisions of the articles of association 
of the Company;  
 
o) settling and resolving any queries raised by the SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC and any other 
authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary of the 
Buyback;  
 
p) authorising / appointing persons to represent the Company, if required, before the ROC, 
SEBI, stock exchanges, or any other authority in connection with the Buyback and to sign 
and submit all forms, letters, documents or other papers that may be required;   
 
 
21 q) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the 
Companies Act and to furnish appropriate returns to the Appropriate Authorities;  
 
r) obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third 
parties as required under applicable law;  
 
s) giving such directions as may be necessary or desirable and settling any questions or 
difficulties whatsoever that may arise in relation to the Buyback;  
 
t) to settle and resolve any queries or difficulties raised by SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC and 
any other authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary 
to the Buyback;  
 
u) to give any information, explanation, declarations and confirmations in relation to the 
public announcement and any other advertisements, as may be required by the relevant 
authorities including SEBI;  
 
v) earmarking and making arrangements for adequate sources of funds for the purpose of 
the Buyback;  
 
w) closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the 
Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable 
laws;  
 
x) to finalize and execute necessary certifications, confirmations, undertakings etc. that may 
be required to be provided on behalf of the Board in regard to the Buyback;  
 
y) to finalize, sign, execute and submit necessary documents, deeds, affidavits, 
undertakings, certifications, agreements, forms, returns, applications, letters, etc., seek 
approval(s) and to represent the Company with the SEBI, stock exchanges, ROC, National  
Securities Depository Limited, Central Depository Services (India) Limited and any other 
regulatory authority in connection with the Buyback;  
 
z) to incur such other expenses as may be necessary with regard to the Buyback including 
fees to be paid to SEBI / other regulatory authorities, registrar’s fees, fees for demat 
escrow agent and other intermediaries, fee for any consultants / advisers that ma y be 
hired, publication expenses, postage expenses, transaction costs viz. brokerage, 
applicable taxes such as securities transaction tax, goods and services tax, stamp duty, 
etc. and such other expenses that may be necessary or incidental in this regard;  
 
aa) drafting , making alterations to, additions to, deletions to, variations to, amendments or 
corrections to and issuing and filing with appropriate statutory/other authorities, the 
public announcement, the letter of offer and all other documents, resolutions, 
adverti sements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the certificate for 
extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates (if any), and other 
documents required in connection with the Buyback and causing the declaration of 
solven cy and supporting affidavit to be executed in accordance with applicable law and 
such alterations, additions, omissions, variations, amendments or corrections will be 
deemed to have been approved by the Board; and  
 
bb) doing such other acts, deeds, matters, or things, and executing such documents, forms, 
letters, confirmations, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit and file all 
necessary forms, letters, applications, e -forms and other documents as they  may in their 
 
22 absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper or are necessary, 
expedient, usual or proper with regard to the implementation in connection with or in 
furtherance of the Buyback.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for 
implementing the Buyback shall be any two members and Buyback Committee may regulate 
its own proceedings and meet as often as required, to discharge its functions.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  subject to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, the 
Buyback Committee is permitted to pass any resolution by circulation and the resolution 
passed by circulation shall have the same effect and force as if the resolutions have been 
passed in the m eeting of the Buyback Committee.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee shall have the power and authority to 
delegate all or any of the authorities conferred upon it to any officer(s) and/or representatives 
of the Company, in order to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions and to revoke and 
substitute such delegation / sub -delegation of authority from time to time.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all acts, deeds, matters and things done by the Buyback Committee 
for the purpose shall have the same effect as if done by the Board.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board and 
the Buyback Committee be and are hereby severally authorized to accept and make any 
alteration(s), modification(s) to the terms and conditions as they may deem necessary, 
concerning any as pect of the Buyback, in accordance with the statutory requirements or any 
conditions laid down by any regulatory or other authority while giving its approval as well as 
to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, to settl e any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise and generally, to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper in relation to or in 
connection with or for matters conseq uential to the Buyback without seeking any further 
consent or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein shall confer any right on any shareholder 
to offer or any obligation on the Company or the Board to buyback any Equity Shares or impair 
any power of the Company or the Board to terminate any process in relation to the Buyback, 
if so permissible by law.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any director of the Company and Mr. Dhaval N. Soni, Company 
Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company, be and are hereby severally authorized to 
file necessary e -forms with the ROC and to do all such acts, deeds and things or incidental for 
signing an d filing of forms, payment of fees, etc. and to do all such other acts, things and 
deeds, as may be required for the aforesaid purpose or other services as that may be 
necessary.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Dhaval N. Soni, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of 
the Company, be and is hereby authorised to represent the Company before the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, SEBI, the stock exchanges, any regulatory  / statutory bodies  / authorities or 
any other agencies connected with the Buyback and to sign and submit all forms, letters, 
documents or other papers that may be required.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback Committee  shall stand dissolved on the date of 
completion of Buyback  process . 
 
23  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any actions taken so far in connection with the Buyback by the 
officers of the Company be and are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  a copy of the foregoing resolution certified by any Director and/or 
Company Secretary be forwarded to concerned persons / authority as may be required.”  
 
Unquote  
 
5. DETAILS OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
In accordance with Regulation 7 (i) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has made a Public 
Announcement for the Buyback dated May 20, 2026  which was published on  May 21 , 2026  in 
the newspapers mentioned below, which is within 2 (two) Working Days from the date  of the 
Board Meeting  (i.e., May 19 , 2026 ):  
Publication  Language  Editions  
Financial Express   English  All editions  
Jansatta   Hindi  All editions  
Financial Express  Gujarati * Ahmedabad   
*Gujarati being the regional language wherein the registered office of the Company is located.  
 
Further, an Addendum to the Public Annou ncement dated May 27, 2026 was published on 
May 28, 2026 in the same newspaper s in which the Public Announcement was published.  
 
The Company will publish further notices or corrigenda, if any  relating to the Public 
Announcement , in the abovementioned newspapers.  
 
A copy of the Public Announcement is available on the website s of the Company at 
(www.zyduslife.com ), the Manager to the Buyback at (www.icicisecurities.com ), SEBI at 
(www.sebi.gov.in ) and the Stock Exchanges at (www.bseindia.com ) and (www.nseindia.com ).  
 
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK  
 
6.1 The Board of Directors , at its meeting  held on May 19 , 2026 , subject to approvals of statutory, 
regulatory or governmental  authorities as may be required under applicable laws,  approved 
the proposal for the buyback of not exceeding  95,65,217  (ninety five  lakh sixty five  thousand 
two hundred and seventeen ) Equity Shares, representing 0.95 % of the total number of Equity 
Shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the Company, at a price of INR 1,150/- (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand One Hundred  and Fifty  only) per Equity Share  (“Original Buyback 
Price ”) payable in cash , for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 1100 ,00,00,000 /- (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Crore  only)  from all of the Equity Shareholders/ 
Beneficial Owners , including the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group , who hold 
Equity Shares as of the Record Date on a proportionate basis through the “Tender Offer” route 
as prescribed under the  Buyback Regulations, Companies Act, rules framed thereunder 
including the Share Capital Rules and Management Rules, to the extent applicable, and the 
Listing Regulations . Subsequently, pursuant to a resolution passed by a committee of the 
Board on May 27, 2026 (“ Committee Meeting ”) and in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the 
Buyback Regulations, the Original Buyback Price was increas ed from INR 1,150/ - (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand One Hundred and Fifty only) per Equity Share to INR 1,260/ - (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only) per Equity Share (“Buyback Price ”) and 
the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back by the Company has been 
reduced from 95,65,217 (ninety five lakh sixty five thousand two hundred and seventeen)  to 
 
24 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight) , representing up to 
0.87% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up share capital of the Company, 
without any change in the Buyback Size (“Buyback ”).  
 
6.2 The Buyback Size represents 5.16% and  3.84% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity 
share capital and free reserves  of the Company  as per the  latest  audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026, respectively, and is 
within the statutory limit of 10% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equity share capital and 
free reserves of the Company , based on both  standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company , under the board approval route as per Section 68 and other 
applicable  provisions of the Companies Act and Regul ation 5 and other applicable provisions 
of the Buyback Regulations . Further, since  the Company proposes to buyback not exceeding 
87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares , 
representing  0.87% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid -up share capital of the 
Company as at  March 31, 2026, the same is within the prescribed limit of 25% limit as per the 
provisions of the Companies Act and  Buyback Regulations.   
 
6.3 The Buyback Size does not include Transaction Costs viz. brokerage costs, fees, turnover 
charges, applicable taxes such as buyback tax, securities transaction tax, goods and services 
tax, stamp duty, etc., expenses incurred or to be incurred for the Buyback like filing fees 
payable to the SEBI, advisors/ le gal fees, public announcement publication expenses, printing 
and dispatch expenses and other incidental and related expenses, etc.  In terms of Regulation 
5(via) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board may, till 1 (one) working day prior to the Record 
Date, increase the Buyback Price and decrease the number of Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought back, such that there is no change in the Buyback Size.  
 
6.4 The Buyback is in accordance with Article 14 of the Articles of Association and Sections 68, 69, 
70, 179 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and rules framed 
thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules  and the Management Rules, to the extent 
applicable, Buyback Regulations read with SEBI Circulars, and the Listing Regulations, subject 
to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be 
necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by 
SEBI, ROC , NSE, BSE  and/ or other authorities , institutions or bodies, as may b e necessary and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed  while granting 
such approvals, permissions, sanctions and exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board.  
 
6.5 The Equity Shares  are listed on NSE and BSE. The Buyback shall be undertaken on a 
proportionate basis (subject to reservation for Small Shareholders ) from all the Equity 
Shareholders/ Beneficial Owners of the Company,  including the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group , who hold Equity Shares as on the Record Date  through the Tender Offer 
process prescribed under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the Buyback Regulations and shall be 
implemented using the Stock Exchange Mechanism  as specified by SEBI in the SEBI Circulars. 
In this regard, the Company will request the Stock Exchanges  to provide the Acquisition 
Window  for facilitating tendering of Equity Shares under the Buyback and , for the purposes 
of this Buyback, NSE will be the Designated Stock Exchange . 
 
6.6 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free 
reserves of the Company and/  or such other sources as may be permitted by law. Funds  
borrowed from banks and financial institutions, if any, will not be used for the Buyback.  
 
6.7 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through 
the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such  transfer shall 
 
25 be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.  
 
6.8 The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are Non -Resident Shareholders , shall be 
subject to such approvals, if any, and to the extent necessary or required from the concerned 
authorities including approvals from the RBI under the FEMA , and that such approvals shall 
be required to be taken by such Non -Resident Shareholders . 
 
6.9 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter and  Promoter Group and 
persons in control of the Company as on the date of the Public Announcement and this Letter 
of Offer is as follows:  
 
Sr No.  Name  No. of Equity Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Zydus Family Trust(1) 75,43,13,343  74.96  
2.  Pripan Investment Private Limited  17,730 0.00  
3.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel(2) 44,326  0.00  
4.  Pritiben Pankajbhai  Patel  14,775 0.00  
5.  Sharvil Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
6.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF(3) 29,550 0.00  
7.  Shivani  Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
8.  Arati Rajiv Mehta  76,087  0.01  
9.  Ayushi Rajiv Mehta jointly with Arati 
Rajiv Mehta  17,727  0.00  
10.  Jashodaben Babubhai  Patel(4) 42,577  0.00  
11.  Ritaben Yatinbhai Desai  24,874  0.00  
12.  Taraben  Patel Family Will Trust(5) 14,775 0.00  
Total  75,46,25,314  74.99  
Notes:  
(1) Pankaj R. Patel, Sharvil P. Patel and Pritiben P. Patel are the Trustees  of Zydus Family Trust.  
(2) This includes (a) 14,700 shares  held as a trustee of R B Patel Will Pankaj Trust ; (b) 14,775 shares held as a karta 
of Pankaj R. Patel Smaller HUF; and (c) 14,851 shares held in individual capacity . 
(3) Pankaj R. Patel is the Karta  of Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF.  
(4) Jashodaben Babubhai Patel passed away on April 17, 2026. Her shareholding in the Company is to devolve 
upon her heirs / nominees, being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group, in accordance with applicable 
law. Accordingly, 10,000 Equity Shares have been transmitted in favour of her nominee, Samar  Babubhai Patel  
on May 22, 2026 , and the remaining Equity Shares are pending transmission. Further, no equity share s shall be 
tendered in the Buyback from the account of Late Jashodaben Babubhai Patel , or from the account (s) of her 
nominees.  
(5) Pankaj R. Patel and Sharvil P. Patel are the Trustees  of Taraben Patel Family Will Trust.  
 
6.10 In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the members of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company have the option to 
participate in the Buyback. In this regard, members of the Promoter and Promoter Group  and 
persons in control of the Company, vide their letters dated May 19, 2026 , have expressed their 
intention to participate in the Buyback  and tender  up to 75,45,82,737 (seventy five crore forty 
five lakh eighty two thousand seven hundred and thirty seven)  Equity Shares or such lower 
number of Equity Shares as permitted  under applicable laws .  
 
6.11 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the members of the  Promoter and Promoter 
Group , persons in control  of the Company  or any Director  except to the extent of the cash 
consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation 
in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareh olders  of the Company, and the change in 
their shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equ ity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback. Any change in voting rights of the Promoter and Promoter Group  of 
 
26 the Company pursuant to completion of Buyback will not result in any change in control over 
the Company.  
 
6.12 Pursuant to the proposed Buyback and depending on the response to the Buyback, the 
aggregate voting rights in the Company of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group  
and persons in control of the Company may change from the existing shareholding of the total 
equity capital and voting rights of the Company. Assuming response to the Buyback is to the 
extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders up  to their Entitlement, the 
aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group  and the persons 
in control of the Company, post Buyback may  increase  to 75.09 % of the post Buyback equity 
share capital of the Company . For further details,  please refer to paragraph 13.6 of this Letter 
of Offer.   
 
6.13 The Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum public shareholding 
requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations . Upon completion of the 
Buyback, the Company and the Promoter and Promoter Group have undertaken to comply 
with the requirement of maintaining a minimum public shareholding of at least 25% of the 
total paid up equity share capital as provided under Regulation 38 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.  
 
6.14 Participation in the Buyback by Eligible Shareholders may trigger capital gains taxation in India 
and in their country of residence. The transaction of Buyback would also be chargeable to 
securities transaction tax in India. However, in view of the particu larized nature of tax 
consequences, Eligible Shareholders are advised to consult their own legal, financial and tax 
advisors for the applicable tax implications prior to participating in the Buyback . 
 
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
The Buyback is being undertak en by the Company in accordance with Article 14 of the Articles 
of Association of the Company and Sections 68, 69, 70 , 179 and all other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, and rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules  
and the Management Rules, to the extent applicable, Buyback Regulations read with SEBI 
Circulars, and the Listing Regulations, subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, 
exemptions and sanctions, as may be necessary a nd subject to any modifications and 
conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by SEBI, ROC , NSE, BSE and/  or other authorities, 
institutions or bodies, as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications 
as may be prescribed or imposed  while granting such approvals, permissions, sanctions and 
exemptions, which may be agreed by the Board . The Board , at its meeting held on May 19 , 
2026 , passed a resolution approving the Buyback.  
 
8. NECESSITY FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
The Buyback is a capital allocation decision taken by the Company. The Buyback will help the 
Company to distribute a part of the surplus cash to  its shareholders holding Equity Shares 
thereby, optimizing returns to the  shareholders  and enhancing the overall shareholders’ value 
in longer term and improving the  return on equity . 
 
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE LIKELY IMPACT OF THE BUYBACK ON 
THE COMPANY   
 
9.1 We believe that the Buyback is not likely to cause any impact on the profitability or earnings 
of the Company, except to the extent of reduction in the amount available for investment, 
which the Company could have been otherwise deployed towards generating investment 
income. Assuming there is full participation in the Buyback, the funds deployed by the 
 
27 Company towards the Buyback (excluding Transaction Costs) would be not exceeding INR 
1100 ,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Crore  only) . This shall impact 
the investment income earned by the Company, on account of reduced amount of funds 
available for investments.  With a likely reduction in the equity share capital base, the Buyback 
will likely improve the return on net worth or return on equity ratio.  
 
9.2 We believe that the Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to 
pursue growth opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations. The 
Buyback is being undertaken, inter alia , for helping the Company to return surplus cash to the 
Eligible Shareholders broadly in proportion to their shareholding, thereby, enhancing the 
overall return to the Equity Shareholders.  
 
9.3 The Buyback will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management 
structure of the Company.  
 
9.4 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group and person 
in control of the Company as on the date of the Public Announcement and this Letter of Offer 
is as follows:  
 
Sr 
No. Name  No. of Equity Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Zydus Family Trust(1) 75,43,13,343  74.96  
2.  Pripan  Investment Private Limited  17,730 0.00  
3.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel(2) 44,326  0.00  
4.  Pritiben Pankajbhai  Patel  14,775 0.00  
5.  Sharvil Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
6.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF(3) 29,550 0.00  
7.  Shivani  Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
8.  Arati Rajiv Mehta  76,087  0.01  
9.  Ayushi Rajiv Mehta jointly with Arati 
Rajiv Mehta  17,727  0.00  
10.  Jashodaben Babubhai  Patel(4) 42,577  0.00  
11.  Ritaben Yatinbhai Desai  24,874  0.00  
12.  Taraben Patel Family Will Trust(5) 14,775 0.00  
Total  75,46,25,314  74.99  
Notes:  
(1) Pankaj R. Patel, Sharvil P. Patel and Pritiben P. Patel are the Trustees  of Zydus Family Trust.  
(2) This includes (a) 14,700 shares  held as a trustee of R B Patel Will Pankaj Trust ; (b) 14,775 shares held as a karta 
of Pankaj R. Patel Smaller HUF; and (c) 14,851 shares in individual capacity . 
(3) Pankaj  R. Patel is the Karta  of Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF.  
(4) Jashodaben Babubhai Patel passed away on April 17, 2026. Her shareholding in the Company is to devolve 
upon her heirs / nominees, being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group, in accordance with applicable 
law. Accordingly, 10,000 Equity Shares have be en transmitted in favour of her nominee, Samar Babubhai Patel  
on May 22, 2026 , and the remaining Equity Shares are pending transmission. Further, no equity shares shall be 
tendered in the Buyback from the account of Late Jashodaben Babubhai Patel, or from the account(s) of her 
nominees.  
(5) Pankaj R. Patel  and Sharvil P. Patel are the Trustees  of Taraben Patel Family Will Trust.  
 
9.5 Intention of members of the Promoter and Promoter Group  and persons in control of the 
Company to participate in the Buyback:  
 
In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the members of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company have the option to 
participate in the Buyback. In this regard, members of the Promoter and Promoter Group and 
persons in control of the Company , vide their letters dated May 19,  2026 , have expressed their 
 
28 intention to participate in the Buyback and tender up to 75,45,82,737 (seventy five crore forty 
five lakh eighty two thousand seven hundred and thirty seven) Equity Shares or such lower 
number of Equity Shares as permitted  under applicable laws.  
 
9.6 The details of the date and price of acquisition/ sale  of the Equity Shares  by the members of 
the Promoter and Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company who intend to 
participate in the Buyback are set out below:  
 
9.6.1 Zydus Family Trust  
 
Date of Acquisition / Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face  
Value 
(in 
INR) Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share  (in INR ) Considerati
on (Cash, 
other than 
cash etc.)  Number  of 
Equity Shares  
acquired/ (sold)  
Balance as on June 30, 2001(1) - 5 - - 2,95,50,482  
November 1, 2003  to 
November 30, 2003  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 366.66(2) Cash  3,05,190  
December 1, 2003 to 
December 31, 2003  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 380.94(2) Cash  1,04,327  
July 27, 2004  Received as gift  5 - - 90,000  
August 5, 2004  and August 6, 
2004  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 472.57(2) Cash  48,439  
August 18, 2004 and August 
19, 2004  Received as gift  5 - - 1,50,94,686  
August 20, 2004 to August 28, 
2004  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 490.89(2) Cash  28,301  
September 13, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 4,52,21,425  
June 27, 2008  Transferred 
pursuant to 
Scheme of 
Arrangement  5 - Other than 
cash  (9,00,00,000)  
December 1, 2008 to 
December 31, 2008  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 260.68(2) Cash  11,508  
January 1, 2009 to January 31, 
2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 268.36(2) 
 Cash  3,86,256  
February 1, 2009 to February 
19, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 262.96(2) Cash  45,328  
February 20, 2009  Issued pursuant to 
Scheme of 
Arrangement  5 - Other than 
cash  10,08,85,205  
February 24, 2009 and 
February 25, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 265.03(2) Cash  7,016  
 
March 1, 2009 to March 31, 
2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 253.13(2) Cash  70,532  
April 1, 2009 to April 30, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 274.80(2) Cash  72,836  
June 9, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 337.03  Cash  50,000  
July 1, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 378.08  Cash  100 
September 24, 2009  Purchased shares 
from open market  5 486.55  Cash  1,00,000  
April 14, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 5,10,35,815  
October 8, 2015  Split (from INR 5/ - 
to INR 1/ -)(3) 1 - - 76,55,37,230  
September 1, 2019 to 
September 30, 2019  Purchased shares 
from open market  1 224.87(2) Cash  8,44,204  
 
29 July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (75,92,728)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (38,52,363)  
March 27, 2024  Sold in open 
market to comply 
with provision to 
maintain MPS  1 1,008.86  Cash  (5,83,000)  
March 28, 2024  1 1,009.63(4) Cash  (40,000)  
Total  75,43,13,343  
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to June 30, 2001 are not available.  
(2) Average price at which the Equity Shares were purchased during the relevant period.  
(3) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 15,31,07,446 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split 
into 76,55,37,230 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
(4) Average price at which the Equity Shares were sold during the relevant period.  
 
9.6.2 Pripan Investment Private Limited  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on June 30, 2003(1) - 5 - - 1,200  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,200  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,200  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 5/ - 
to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 18,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (179)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (91) 
Total  17,730 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to June 30, 2003 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,600 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
18,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.3 Pankaj R. Patel  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on February 21, 
2000(1) - 5 - - 17,87,990  
August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (17,86,990)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
Total  14,851  
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to February 21, 2000 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
30  
9.6.4 Pankaj R. Patel Smaller HUF(3) 
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on February 20, 
2000(1) - 5 - - 9,04,262  
August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (9,03,262)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (76) 
Total  14,775 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to February 20, 2000 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
(3) Shares are held by Pankaj R. Patel as a Karta . 
 
9.6.5 R B Patel Will Pankaj Trust(3) 
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on February 21, 
2000(1) - 5 - - 14,06,624  
August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (14,05,624)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (151)  
Total  14,700 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to February 21, 2000 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
(3) Shares are held by Pankaj R. Patel as a Trustee . 
 
9.6.6 Sharvil P. Patel  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on September 30, 
2001(1) - 5 - - 31,65,524  
 
31 August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (31,64,524)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (76) 
Total  14,775 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to September 30, 2001 are not available.  
Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.7 Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash 
etc.)  Number of Equity 
Shares acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on February 
20, 2000(1) - 5 - - 8,29,292  
October 20, 2001  Received from R 
B Patel HUF on 
devolution  5 - - 6,88,262  
August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (15,16,554)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
March 26, 2018  Purchased from 
open market  1 388.13  Cash  15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (298)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (152)  
Total  29,550 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to February 20, 2000 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.8 Pritiben P. Patel  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on September 30, 
2001(1) - 5 - - 24,98,192  
August 18, 2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (24,97,192)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
 
32 October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (76) 
Total  14,775 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to September 30, 2001 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.9 Shivaniben P. Patel  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on September 30, 
2001(1) - 5 - - 4,67,392  
August 18,  2004  Gift to Zydus 
Family Trust  5 - - (4,66,392)  
September 15, 2006  Bonus issue (1:1)  5 - - 1,000  
April 5, 2010  Bonus issue (1:2)  5 - - 1,000  
October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(2) 1 - - 15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (76) 
Total  14,775 
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to September 30, 2001 are not available.  
(2) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.10  Taraben Patel Family Will Trust  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
November 16, 2016  Transmission of 
shares on demise 
of Taraben Patel 
as per will  1 - Other than 
cash  15,000  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (149)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (76) 
Total   14,775  
 
9.6.11  Arati Rajiv Mehta  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
April 1, 2015  Received as gift  5 - Other than 
cash  15,450  
 
33 October 6, 2015  Split (from INR 
5/- to INR 1/ -)(1) 1 - - 77,250  
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (775)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (388)  
Total   76,087  
Notes:  
(1) Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution dated September 22, 2015 (passed through postal ballot process), the equity 
shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the Company having face value 
of INR 1/ - each. Accordin gly, 3,000 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 
15,000 equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 1/ - each.  
 
9.6.12  Ayushi Rajiv Mehta jointly with Arati Rajiv Mehta  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
December 12, 2024  Received as gift  1 - Other than 
cash  17,727  
Total   17,727  
 
9.6.13  Jashodaben  Babubhai Patel(2) 
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
January 22, 2018(1) Transfer of 
shares from 
earlier DP to 
existing DP  1 - - 41,630  
February 29, 2024  Purchase from 
open market  1 942.82  Cash  160 
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1005.00  Cash  (213)  
November 12, 2025  Purchase from 
open market  1 953.98  Cash  1,000  
Total   42,577  
Notes:  
(1) Details prior to January 22, 2018 are not available.  
(2) Jashodaben  Babubhai Patel passed away on April 17, 2026. Her shareholding in the Company is to devolve upon her 
heirs / nominees, being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group, in accordance with applicable law. 
Accordingly, 10,000 Equity Shares have been transmitted in favour of her nominee, Samar Babubhai P atel on May 22, 
2026 , and the remaining Equity Shares are pending transmission. Further, no equity share s shall be tendered in the 
Buyback from the account of Late Jashodaben Babubhai Patel, or from the account (s) of her nominees . 
 
9.6.14  Ritaben  Yatin Desai  
 
Date of Acquisition/ Sale  Nature of 
transaction  Face 
Value 
(in 
INR)  Issue price/ 
transfer price 
per Equity 
Share (in INR)  Consideration  
(Cash, other 
than cash etc.)  Number of 
Equity Shares 
acquired/ 
(sold)  
Balance as on May 5, 2018(1) - 1 - - 25,000  
June 6, 2022  Purchase from 
open market  1 353 Cash  248 
July 15, 2022  Buy back  1 650.00  Cash  (248)  
March 15, 2024  Buy back  1 1,005.00  Cash  (126)  
Total   24,874  
Notes:  
 
34 (1) Details prior to May 5, 2018 are not available.  
 
9.7 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the members of the  Promoter and Promoter 
Group , persons in control of the Company or any Director except to the extent of the cash 
consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation 
in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the Company, and the change in 
their shareholding as per the resp onse received in the Buyback, as a result of the 
extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the 
Company post Buyback . 
 
9.8 Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up to their Entitlement including the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group , the aggregate shareholding and the voting rights of the members of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group , may increase to 75.09%  post Buyback from the current pre  
Buyback shareholding of  74.99%, and the aggregate shareholding of the public Shareholders 
in the Company may decrease to 24.91 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback 
shareholding of 25.01%. The members of the  Promoter and Promoter Group  are already in 
control over the Company and therefore any further increase in the voting rights of the 
members of the Promoter and Promoter Group  will not result in any change in control of the 
Company . 
 
9.9 Consequent to the Buyback and based on the number of Equity Shares bought back from the 
Non -Resident Shareholders, Indian financial institutions, banks, mutual funds and the public 
including other bodies corporate, the shareholding of the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group  would undergo a change. Please refer to paragraph 13.6 for further details.  
 
9.10 The debt -equity ratio post Buyback on standalone as well as consolidated basis will be 
compliant with the permissible limit of 2:1 prescribed under Section 68(2)(d) of Companies 
Act and Regulation 4(ii) of the Buyback Regulations, even if the response to the Buyback is to 
the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible Shareholders . 
 
9.11 The Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified securities (including 
by way of bonus ) from the date of the Board Meeting till the expiry of the Buyback Period , 
i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the shareholders  who have 
accepted the Buyback , except in discharge of its subsisting obligations . 
 
9.12 In accordance with Regulation 5(i)(c) and Clause (xii) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, 
while the  Company shall not undertake the Buyback unless it has obtained prior consent of its 
lenders, in case of breach of any covenant with such lenders , however,  the Company does not 
require any prior consent of its lender  for undertaking the Buyback  in terms of its outstanding 
facility agreement . 
 
9.13 Unless otherwise specifically permitted by any relaxation issued by SEBI and/ or any other 
regulatory authority, the Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 (one) year, 
as prescribed under the provisions of Regulation 24(i)(f) of the Buyba ck Regulations, from the 
expiry of the Buyback Period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to 
the Eligible S hareholders who have accepted the Buyback, except in discharge of its subsisting 
obligations . Further, the Company shall not issue and allot any Equity Shares or other specified 
securities (including by way of bonus) from the date of the Board Meeting till the expiry of the 
Buyback Period, i.e., the date on which the payment of consideration is made to the 
Shareholders who have accepted the Buyback . The Company , as per the provisions of Section 
68(8) of the Companies Act, will not make a further issue of th e same kind of shares or other 
securities including allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the Companies Act or 
other specified securities within a period of 6 (six) months except by way of a bonus issue or 
 
35 in the discharge of subsisting obligations such as conversion of warrants, stock option 
schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or debentures into equity shares.  
 
9.14 As per Regulation 24(i)(e) of the Buyback Regulations, the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group , and their associates, shall not deal in the Equity Shares or other specified 
securities of the Company either through the Stock Exchanges  or off -market transactions 
(including  by way of  inter -se transfer of Equity Shares among the members of the Promoter 
and Promoter Group ) from the date of Board Meeting  till the closing of the Buyback offer.  
 
9.15 Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on standalone and 
consolidated audited financial statement of the Company for the financial year ended March 
31, 2026 are set forth below:   
 
Parameter  Standalone  Consolidated  
Pre-Buyback  Post -
Buyback(1) Pre-Buyback  Post -Buyback(1) 
Networth (in INR 
Million)  2,36,717  2,25,717  2,71,114  2,60,114  
Return on Networth (%)  15.87%  16.27%  18.59%  20.17%  
Basic Earnings per share 
(INR) 35.38  35.72  50.09  51.41  
Book value per share 
(INR) 235.25  226.47  269.43  260.98  
Price/ Earnings Ratio  24.62  24.39  17.39  16.95  
Total Debt/Equity Ratio  0.31  0.33  0.43  0.45  
Total Debt/ Net Worth  0.31  0.33  0.43  0.45  
Note:  
(1) The post -Buyback numbers are calculated by reducing the net worth by the proposed Buyback 
amount (assuming full acceptance), without factoring in tax on buy back of shares and any 
impact in the statement of profit & loss and other transaction costs. Assumi ng full acceptance of 
Equity Shares in the Buyback offer in the ratio of buyback.  
 
The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per 
share  Net Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  / 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding  during 
the year  
Book value per share  (Paid -up Equity Share capital + Free Reserves and Surplus) / 
Number of equity shares subscribed outstanding at year end  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt  includes non -current borrowings (including current 
maturities) and current borrowings / Net Worth  
Return on Net Worth  
excluding revaluation 
reserves  (%) Net Profit After Tax attributable to the owners of the Company / 
Average Net Worth excluding revaluation reserves  
Average Net worth  (Net worth of the Group for current year + Net worth of the Group 
for immediately preceding year) / 2  
Price / Earning ratio  Closing  market price on BSE as at  March 31, 2026 / Basic Earnings 
Per Share for the financial year March 31, 2026  
Net Worth  Net worth represents the net  equity of the Group excluding non -
controlling interest  
 
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE  
 
36  
10.1 The Equity Shares are proposed to be bought back at a price of INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees 
One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per Equity Share.  
 
10.2 The Buyback Price has been arrived at after considering various factors including, but not 
limited to the net worth of the Company, price earnings ratio, impact on other financial 
parameters and the possible impact of Buyback on the earnings per Equity Share, the trends 
in the volume weighted average prices and the closing price of the Equity Shares at the Stock 
Exchanges  where the Equity Shares are listed . 
 
10.3 The Buyback Price represents:   
 
10.3.1  premium of 35.73 % on NSE  and 35.13 % on BSE  over the volume weighted average 
market price of the Equity Shares  during the 2 (two) weeks period  preceding the 
date of prior intimation to the Stock Exchanges of the date of  the Board Meeting 
wherein proposal of the Buyback  was proposed and approved (“Intimation Date ”). 
 
10.3.2  premium of 38.21 % on NSE  and 38.35 % on BSE  over the volume weighted average 
market price of the Equity Shares  during the 3 (three) months period  preceding the 
Intimation Date . 
 
10.3.3  premium of 38.38 % on NSE  and 38.44 % on BSE over the volume weighted average 
market price of the Equity Shares during the 60 (sixty) trading days period  preceding 
the Intimation Date . 
 
10.3.4  premium of 23.66 % on NSE and 23.66 % on BSE over the closing price of the Equity 
Shares as on the date of the Board Meeting.  
 
10.3.5  premium of 35.39 % on NSE and 35.37 % on BSE over the closing price of the Equity 
Shares as on the trading day immediately preceding the Intimation Date . 
 
10.3.6  premium of 34.19% and 34.15% over the closing price of the Equity Shares on the 
BSE and the NSE respectively, as on the Intimation Date.  
 
10.4 The closing market price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE as on the day preceding the 
Intimation Date was INR 930.65/ - (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Thirty and Sixty Five Paise 
only) and INR 930.75/ - (Indian Rupees Nine Hundred Thirty and Seventy Five Pai se only), 
respectively, and as on the date of the Board Meeting was INR 1,018.90/ - (Indian Rupees One 
Thousand Eighteen and Ninety Paise only) and INR 1,018.95/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Eighteen and Ninety Five Paise only), respectively.  
 
10.5 The Buyback Price is above the book value per Equity Share of the Company, which for the 
financial year ended on the basis of audited standalone and consolidated financial statements, 
as at March 31, 2026 was INR 235.25/ - (Indian Rupees Two Hundred Thirty Five and Twenty 
Five Paise only)  per Equity Share and INR  269.43/ - (Indian Rupees  Two Hundred Sixty Nine and 
Forty Three Paise only ) per Equity Share, respectively.  
 
10.6 For trends in the market price of the Equity Shares, please refer to paragraph 16 ( Stock Market 
Data ) of this Letter of Offer. For details of salient financial parameters, both pre -Buyback and 
post -Buyback, based on the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements 
of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, please refer  to paragraph 9. 15 
of this Letter of Offer.  
 
 
37 11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK   
 
11.1 The maximum amount required for Buyback will not exceed INR 1100 ,00,00,000/ - (Indian 
Rupees One Thousand One Hundred Crore  only) (excluding Transaction Costs). The Buyback 
Size constitutes 5. 16% and 3. 84% of the aggregate of the total paid -up share capital and free 
reserves, as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026 , respectively, which is within the statutory limit of 10% of the 
total paid -up equity capital and free reserves of the Compan y as at March 31, 2026  and is in 
compliance with Regulation 4(i) and Regulation 5 of the Buyback Regulations  and Section 
68(2) of the Companies Act.  
 
11.2 The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free 
reserves of the Company and/ or such other sources as may be permitted by law. Funds 
borrowed from banks and financial institutions, if any, will not be used for the B uyback. The 
Company does not intend to raise additional debt for the explicit purposes of the Buyback.  
 
11.3 This Buyback is not likely to cause any material impact on the earnings of the Company, except 
for the cost of financing the Buyback, being a reduction in the treasury income that the 
Company could have otherwise earned on the funds deployed . 
 
11.4 The Company shall transfer from its free reserves and/ or such other sources as may be 
permitted by law, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity Shares bought back through 
the Buyback to the capital redemption reserve account and the details of such  transfer shall 
be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements . 
 
12. DETAILS OF ESCROW ACCOUNT AND AMOUNT TO BE  DEPOSITED THEREIN  AND FIRM 
FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT  
 
12.1 In accordance with Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations,  an Escrow Agreement has 
been entered into amongst the Company, Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent . 
 
12.2 In accordance with the Buyback Regulations and pursuant to the  Escrow Agreement , an 
Escrow Account under the name and style “ Zydus Lifesciences  Limited  Buyback 2026  Escrow 
Account ” bearing account number 000405166454 has been opened with the Escrow Agent, 
namely, ICICI  Bank Limited having its registered office at  ICICI Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road, Vadodara , Gujarat  – 390007  acting through one of its branch offices at ICICI 
Bank Ltd, Capital Markets Division, 5th Floor, HT Parekh Marg, Backbay Reclamation, 
Churchgate, Mumbai . The Company has deposit ed an amount of INR 125,00,00,000 /- (Indian 
Rupees One Hundred and Twenty Five Crore  only)  in the Escrow Account in cash i.e., an 
amount equivalent to the aggregate of 25% of INR 100,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees One 
Hundred  Crore  only)  and 10% of the Buyback Size beyond  INR 100 ,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees 
One Hundred  Crore  only) , by way of security for performance of its obligations under the 
Buyback , in compliance with the provisions under Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations.  
In accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Manager to the Buyback has been  
empowered to operate the Escrow Account .  
 
12.3 The Company has adequate and firm financial resources to fulfil the  obligations under the 
Buyback. Karnik K. Shah  (Membership No.  129675 ), Partner at Mukesh  M. Shah & Co ., 
Chartered Accountant s (Firm Registration No.  106625W ) having its office at  7th Floor, Heritage 
Chambers, Behind Bikanerwala Sweets, Near Azad Society, Nehru Nagar, Ahmedabad – 
380015 (Tel. No.: +91 98795 59200 / +91 99136 26712 ) has certified through its certificate 
dated May 19 , 2026  (“Certificate ”) that the Company has adequate and firm financial 
resources  for undertaking and  fulfill ing all  its obligations arising out of or in relation to the 
Buyback , in accordance with the Buyback Regulations . Further, it has also been certified in the 
 
38 Certificate that the investments earmarked by the Company for the purpose of the Buyback 
are liquid (i.e., there is no lock -in applicable on any of the investments) and are free from any 
liens and do not have exit load . The Company will be utilizing such earmarked investments for 
undertaking and fulfilling its obligations under the Buyback.   
 
12.4 Based on the Certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that it is satisfied that firm 
arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place and that the 
Company  has the ability to implement the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback 
Regulations.  
 
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN   
 
13.1 The present capital structure of the Company as on date of this Letter of Offer is as follows:  
 
Parameters  Pre-Buyback  
Authorised Share Capital   
172,50,00,000 Equity Shares  of INR 1 /- each  INR 172,50,00,000  
Total  INR 172,50,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
100,62,33,990  Equity Shares of INR 1/- each            INR 100,62,33,990   
Total  INR 100,62,33,990  
 
13.2 Assuming full acceptance in the Buyback of 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one 
hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares, the capital structure post Buyback would be as follows:  
 
Parameters  Post -Buyback(1) 
Authorised Share Capital   
172,50,00,000 Equity Shares  of INR 1 /- each  INR 172 ,50,00,000  
Total  INR 172 ,50,00,000  
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid -Up Share Capital   
99,75, 03,832  Equity Shares of INR 1/- each  INR 99,75,03,832  
Total  INR 99,75,03,832  
Note :  
(1) The post -Buyback issued, subscribed and paid -up capital may differ depending upon the actual number of 
Equity Shares bought back . 
 
13.3 As on the date of the Letter of Offer, the Equity Shares are fully paid up and there are no partly 
paid -up equity shares . 
 
13.4 As on the date  of the Letter of Offer, there are no convertible debentures or preference shares 
or any other convertible instruments of the Company.  
 
13.5 Details  of buyback programmes  undertaken by the Company in the last 3 (three) years  are 
given  below:  
 
Sr 
No. Opening Date  Closing Date  Method of buyback  Equity Shares 
bought back  
1. February 29 , 202 4 March  6, 2024 Tender offer  59,70,149  
Note : The Company undertook the previous buyback in 2024, for which the date of expiry of 
the buyback period, i.e. the date of payment of consideration to the shareholders, was March 
14, 202 4. Accordingly, the Company is in compliance with  Section 68(2)(g) of the Companies 
Act and Regulation 4(vii) of the Buyback Regulations for the Buyback.  
 
39   
13.6 The shareholding pattern of the Company before the Buyback ( i.e., as on the Record Date) , 
and after  the Buyback (assuming full acceptance of 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty 
thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares in the Buyback) , is as follows:   
 
Category of Shareholder  No. of Equity 
Shares pre-
Buyback  % to the 
existing 
equity share 
capital  No. of Equity 
Shares  post 
Buyback(1) % to the Post 
Buyback 
equity share 
capital  
Promoter and Promoter 
Group  and persons acting 
in concert (A)  75,46,25,314    74.99  
74,89,88,328  75.09  
Shareholding of the Non 
Promoter(s) (B)  25,16,08,676  25.01  
 
 
 
 
 
24,85,15,504   
24.91  
Foreign Investors 
(including Non -Resident 
Indians / FIIs/ Foreign 
Nationals/ Foreign 
Corporate Bodies   
7,23,96,233   
7.19  
Financial Institutions/ 
Banks/ Mutual Funds/ 
Insurance/ Government 
Companies   
11,14,15,893   
11.0 8 
Others (Individuals, Bodies 
Corporate, Employees, 
etc.)   
6,77,96,550   
6.74  
Total (A+B)  100,62,33,990 100 99,75,03,832  100 
Note :  
(1) Assuming the full Acceptance of 87,30,158  Equity Shares in the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback 
Entitlement for all Eligible Shareholders. However, the post -Buyback shareholding pattern may differ depending 
upon the actual number of Equity Shares bought back.  
 
13.7 The aggregate shareholding in the Company of (a) the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group  and persons in control of the Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee (s) of the 
companies/ trusts forming part of the Promoter and Promoter Group; and (c) the directors  
and key managerial personnel of the Company, as on  the date of the Public Announcement , 
is as follows:  
 
13.7.1  aggregate shareholding of the members of the  Promoter and  Promoter Group and 
persons in control of the Company in the Company:  
 
Sr 
No. Name  No. of Equity Shares held  % 
shareholding  
1.  Zydus Family Trust(1) 75,43,13,343  74.96  
2.  Pripan Investment Private Limited  17,730 0.00  
3.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel(2) 44,326  0.00  
4.  Pritiben Pankajbhai  Patel  14,775 0.00  
5.  Sharvil Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
6.  Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF(3) 29,550 0.00  
7.  Shivani  Pankajbhai Patel  14,775 0.00  
8.  Arati Rajiv Mehta  76,087  0.01  
9.  Ayushi Rajiv Mehta jointly with Arati 
Rajiv Mehta  17,727  0.00  
 
40 10.  Jashodaben Babubhai  Patel(4) 42,577  0.00  
11.  Ritaben Yatinbhai Desai  24,874  0.00  
12.  Taraben Patel Family Will Trust(5) 14,775 0.00  
Total  75,46,25,314  74.99  
Notes:  
(1) Pankaj R. Patel, Sharvil P. Patel and Pritiben P. Patel are the Trustees  of Zydus Family Trust.  
(2) This includes (a) 14,700 shares  held as a trustee of R B Patel Will Pankaj Trust ; (b) 14,775 shares held as a karta 
of Pankaj R. Patel Smaller HUF; and (c) 14,851 shares in individual capacity . 
(3) Pankaj R. Patel is the Karta  of Pankaj Ramanbhai Patel HUF.  
(4) Jashodaben Babubhai Patel passed away on April 17, 2026. Her shareholding in the Company is to devolve 
upon her heirs / nominees, being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group, in accordance with applicable 
law. Accordingly, 10,000 Equity Shares have be en transmitted in favour of her nominee, Samar Babubhai Patel  
on May 22, 2026 , and the remaining Equity Shares are pending transmission. Further, no equity shares shall be 
tendered in the Buyback from the account of Late Jashodaben Babubhai Patel, or from the account(s) of her 
nominees.  
(5) Pankaj R. Patel and Sharvil P. Patel are the Trustees  of Taraben  Patel Family Will Trust.  
 
13.7.2  aggregate shareholding of the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming 
part of the Promoter and Promoter Group in the Company:  
 
Sr 
No. Name of Company/ Trust 
forming part of the 
Promoter and Promoter 
Group  Name of the 
Director/ Trustee  No. of Equity 
Shares  % 
shareholding  
1. Pripan Investment Private 
Limited  Pankaj R. Patel  75,44,01,994(1) 74.97(1) 
Sharvil P. Patel  14,775 0.00  
2. Zydus Family Trust  Pankaj R. Patel  Same as mentioned in point 1 
above.  Sharvil P. Patel  
Pritiben P. Patel  14,775 0.00  
3. Taraben Patel Family Will 
Trust  Pankaj R. Patel  Same as mentioned in point 1 
above  Sharvil P. Patel  
4. R B Patel Will Pankaj 
Trust  Pankaj R. Patel  Same as mentioned in point 2 
above.  Sharvil P. Patel  
Pritiben P. Patel  
Note:  
(1) This includes (a) 75,43,13,343 shares held as a trustee of Zydus Family Trust; (b) 29,550 shares held as a karta 
of Pankaj R. Patel HUF; (c) 14,700 shares held as a trustee of R B Patel Will Pankaj Trust; (d) 14,775 shares held 
as a karta of Pankaj R. Pate l Smaller HUF; (e) 14,775 shares held as a trustee of Taraben Patel Family Will Trust; 
and (f) 14,851 shares held in individual capacity.   
 
13.7.3  aggregate shareholding of the directors  and key managerial personnel of the 
Company in the Company:  
 
Sr. 
No. Name  Designation  No. of Equity 
Shares  % 
shareholding  
1. Pankaj R. Patel  Chairman  As mentioned in the table at 
paragraph 13.7.2  above  2. Sharvil P. Patel  Managing Director  
3. Ganesh N. Nayak  Director  2,46,278  0.02  
4. Mukesh M. Patel  Non -Executive  Director  11,687 0.00  
5. Shelina Parikh  Independent Director  4,400 0.00 
6. Tushar D. Shroff  Chief Financial Officer  650 0.00  
7. Dhaval N. Soni  Company Secretary  1 0.00  
Note :  
Apart from the above, none of the other directors and key managerial personnel of the Company hold 
any Equity Shares of the Company.  
 
 
41 13.8 No Equity Shares or other specified securities in the Company were either purchased or sold 
by (a) the members of the  Promoter and  Promoter Group and persons who are in control of 
the Company; (b) the director(s)/ trustee(s) of the companies/ trusts forming part of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group; and (c) directors and key managerial personnel of the 
Company, during a period of 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Board Meeting, and 
during the period of 12 (twelve) months preceding the date of the Publi c Announcement , 
except following member of the Promoter and Promoter Group : 
 
Name  Aggregate no. 
of Equity 
Shares 
purchased or 
sold  Nature of 
transactio
n Maximum 
price per 
Equity Share 
(in INR)  Date of 
maximum 
price  Minimum 
price per 
Equity 
Share (in 
INR)  Date of 
minimum 
price  
Jashodabe
n Babubhai 
Patel  1,000  Purchase 
from open 
market  953.98  November 
12, 2025  953.98  November 
12, 2025  
 
13.9 Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders  up to their Entitlement including all members of the  Promoter and 
Promoter Group  who have expressed their intention to participate, the aggregate 
shareholding of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group , post Buyback may 
increase to 75.09 % from 74.99%.  
 
13.10  There is no ongoing scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to the 
provisions of the  Companies  Act, as on date .  
 
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY   
 
14.1 The Company was incorporated as Cadila Healthcare Private Limited on May 15, 1995  as a 
private limited company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The Company 
converted to a public limited company and its name was changed from Cadila Healthcare 
Private Limited to Cadila Healthcare Limited on July 17, 1996. Subsequently, the name of the 
Company was changed to its present name i.e., ‘Zydus Lifesciences Limited’  on February 24, 
2022 . The registered office of the Company was initially situated at Zydus Tower, Satellite 
Cross Roads, Sarkhej -Gandhinagar Highway, Ahmedabad -380015. With effect from August 9, 
2019, the registered office of the Company is presently situated at Zydus Corporate Park, 
Scheme No. 63, Survey No . 536, Khoraj (Gandhinagar), Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad - 382481 , Gujarat, India . 
 
14.2 The Equity Shares were listed at NSE (code: ZYDUSLIFE ) on 18 April 2000  and BSE (scrip code: 
532321 ) on 27 April  2000 . The ISIN of the Equity Shares is INE010B01027 . 
 
14.3 The paid -up equity share capital of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026  was INR 
100,62,33,990/ - (Indian Rupees One Hundred Crore Sixty Two Lakh Thirty Three Thousand 
Nine Hundred and Ninety  only)  and total free reserves for the year ended March 31, 2026  was 
INR 21,237,00,00,000 /- (Indian Rupees Twenty One Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty Seven 
Crore  only) , on a standalone  basis.  
 
14.4 History and Growth of Business:  
 
The Company is engaged  in the business of manufacturing, marketing, research and 
development, import and export of drugs and pharmaceutical products . The Company has 32 
manufacturing facilities / plants/ factories in India. The Company also has 6 research and 
 
42 development centre s in India for generic formulations, API, vaccines, biologics, new chemical 
entity across multiple dosage forms . 
 
14.5 Financial Growth:  
 
For the financial years ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 31, 2024 , the 
Company recorded, on a standalone basis, total income of INR 131,515  million , INR 158,125 
million  and INR 119,035 million , respectively. The net profit after tax for the financial years 
ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 31, 2024  was INR 35,598 million , INR 
57,749 million  and INR 34,415 million , respectively. For the financial years ended March 31, 
2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 31, 2024 , the Company recorded, on a consolidated basis, 
total income of INR 276,579 million , INR 235,110 million , and INR 198,315 million , 
respectively. The net profit after tax (attributable to owners of the Company) for the financial 
years ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 31, 2024  was INR 50,400 million , INR 
45,255 million  and INR 38,595 million , respectively. For further details on financial information 
about the Company for the financial years ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 
31, 2024 , refer to paragraph 15 ( Financial Information about the Company ) of this Letter of 
Offe r.  
 
14.6 Following is the equity share capital history of the Company since inception:  
 
Date of 
allotment/date 
when fully paid -
up/date of 
change  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
value 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(in INR)  Issue 
price 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(in INR)  Nature of 
consideration 
(cash, bonus, 
consideration 
other than 
cash)  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
paid up 
equity share 
capital (in 
INR)  
May 15, 1995  200 10 10 Cash(1) 200 2,000  
June 11, 1996  500 10  10 Cash(2)  700  7,000  
September 1, 
1997  1,48,84,423  10 - Scheme of 
Arrangement 
and 
Amalgamation 
of Cadila Group 
of Companies(3) 1,48,85,123  14,88,51,230  
June 29, 1998  74,42,553  10  - Bonus(4)  2,23,27,676   22,32,76,760  
August 17, 1998  8 10  - Bonus (5) 2,23,27,684  22,32,76,840  
January 5, 2000  4,46,55,368  5  - Sub-division(6) 4,46,55,368   22,32,76,840  
February 29, 2000 
and March 16, 
2000  1,48,86,000  5  245 Issue of shares 
on initial public 
offer(7) 5,95,41,368   29,77,06,840  
September 16, 
2003  32,65,486  5  - Scheme of 
Amalgamation(8) 6,28,06,854   31,40,34,270  
September 5, 
2006  6,28,06,854  5  - Bonus(9) 12,56,13,708   62,80,68,540  
February 7, 2009  (9,00,00,000)  5 - Composite 
Scheme of 
Arrangement(10) 3,56,13,708  17,80,68,540  
February 7, 2009   10,08,85,305  5 - Composite 
Scheme of 
Arrangement(10) 13,64,99,013   68,24,95,065  
 
43 Date of 
allotment/date 
when fully paid -
up/date of 
change  No. of Equity 
Shares  Face 
value 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(in INR)  Issue 
price 
per 
Equity 
Share 
(in INR)  Nature of 
consideration 
(cash, bonus, 
consideration 
other than 
cash)  Cumulative 
no. of Equity 
Shares  Cumulative 
paid up 
equity share 
capital (in 
INR)  
April 9, 2010  6,82,49,507  5 - Bonus(11) 20,47,48,520   102,37,42,600  
October 8, 2015  102,37,42,60
0 1  - Sub-division(12) 102,37,42,600   102,37,42,600  
July 19, 2022  (1,15,38,461)  1 -  Buyback(13) 101,22,04,139  101,22,04,139  
March 15, 2024  (59,70,149)   1  - Buyback(14) 100,62,33,990  100,62,33,990  
Total   100,62,33,990  100,62,33,990  
Notes:  
(1) 200 equity shares were allotted to the initial subscribers to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association.  
(2) Further allotment to Taraben R. Patel, Pritiben P. Patel, Mukesh R. Patel, Giraben R. Patel and Dr. Yatin J. Desai.  
(3) 1,48,84,223 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 10/ -, were issued and allotted on September 
1, 1997, to the equity shareholders of Cadila Healthcare Private Limited pursuant to the scheme of arrangement and 
amalgamation of Cadila La boratories Limited, Cadila Chemicals Limited, Cadila Antibodies Limited, Cadila Exports 
Limited, Cadila Veterinary Private Limited with Cadila Healthcare Private Limited and Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
sanctioned by Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat at Ahm edabad vide order dated August 16, 1997.  
(4) Pursuant to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on June 29, 1998 (at the annual general 
meeting), the Company allotted 74,42,553 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 10/ -, as bonus 
shares in the ratio of 2:1 on J une 29, 1998.  
(5) Issued from bonus fraction to Mrs. Pritiben P. Patel towards allotment of bonus shares out of consolidation of 16 
fractional coupons, representing one half of the fractional coupons.  
(6) Pursuant to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on January 5, 2000 (at the extra ordinary 
general meeting), the equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 10/ - were split into 2 equity shares of 
the Company having face value  of INR 5/ - each. Accordingly, 2,23,27,684 equity shares of the Company each having 
face value of INR 10/ - were split into 4,46,55,368 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 5/ -. 
(7) Allotment made in the initial public offer of the Company. The shares of the Company were listed on NSE on 18 April 
2000 and BSE on 27 April 2000. The details of allotment are as follows: (a) allotment via book building of 1,33,97,400 
equity shares (90% of  the initial public offer) on February 29, 2000 (deemed date of allotment); and (b) allotment of 
fixed price portion of 14,88,600 equity shares (10% of the initial public offer) on March 16, 2000.  
(8) 32,65,486 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 5/ -, were issued and allotted on September 
16, 2003, to the equity shareholders of German Remedies Limited pursuant to the scheme of  amalgamation of German 
Remedies Limited, Recon Healthcare Limited, Zydus Pathline Limited and Zoom Properties Limited with Cadila 
Healthcare Limited as approved by orders of the Hon’ble High Court of Gujarat, Hon’ble High Court of Mumbai and 
Hon’ble High C ourt of New Delhi vide orders dated June 10, 2003, Ju ne 27, 2003 and May 9, 2003 respectively.  
(9) Pursuant to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on July 28, 2006 (at the annual general 
meeting), the Company allotted 6,28,06,854 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 5/ - as bonus 
shares in the ratio of 1:1 on S eptember 5, 2006.  
(10) 10,08,85,305 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 5/ -, were issued and allotted on February 
7, 2009, to the equity shareholders of the Company, and simultaneously, 9,00,00,000 equity shares of the Company, 
each having face value of I NR 5/, were cancelled, pursuant to the composite scheme of arrangement between the 
Company, Zydus Wellness Limited and Zydus Hospitals and Medical Research Private Limited, sanctioned by Hon’ble 
High Court of Gujarat at Ahmedabad vide order dated October 2 3, 2008. Corresponding effect is addition of 
1,08,85,305 equity shares, each having face value of INR 5/ -, in the share capital of the Company.  
(11) Pursuant to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on March 22, 2010 (at the extra ordinary 
general meeting), the Company allotted 6,82,49,507 equity shares of the Company, each having face value of INR 5/ - 
as bonus shares in the ratio of  2:1 on April 9, 2010.  
(12) Pursuant to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on September 22, 2015 (passed through postal 
ballot process), the equity shares of the Company having face value of INR 5/ - were split into 5 equity shares of the 
Company having face valu e of INR 1/ - each. Accordingly, 20,47,48,520 equity shares of the Company each having face 
value of INR 5/ - were split into 102,37,42,600 equity shares of the Company each having face value of INR 1/ -. 
(13) Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board on May 20, 2022, the Company has bought back 1,15,38,461 Equity 
Shares at a price of INR 650/ - per Equity Share, pursuant to the Buyback Regulations, and the same were extinguished 
on July 19, 2022.  
 
44 (14) Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board on February 9, 2024 , the Company has bought back 59,70,149  Equity 
Shares at a price of INR 1,005 /- per Equity Share, pursuant to the Buyback Regulations, and the same were 
extinguished on March 15 , 202 4. 
 
14.7 The details of the Board of Directors of the Company as on the date of Public Announcement 
is as follows:  
 
Name, 
Occupation, Age 
and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
Pankaj R. Patel  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 73 years  
DIN: 00131852  
 Chairman  M. Pharm from Gujarat 
University.   August 9, 
2024  1. Bayer Cropscience 
Limited  
2. Great Eastern Energy 
Corporation  Limited  
3. GCS Foundation  
4. Shri Bhupendra V. Patel 
Education Foundation  
5. Zydus Foundation  
6. Zydus MedTech Private 
Limited  
7. Invest India  
8. Zydus Hospitals and 
Healthcare Research 
Private Limited  
9. Western Ahmedabad 
Effluent Conveyance 
Private Limited  
10. Cadmach Machinery 
Company Private 
Limited  
11. Cadila Laboratories 
Private Limited  
12. Cadila Lifesciences 
Private Limited  
13. VINS Hospital Private 
Limited  
14. Zydus Hospitals LLP  
15. Zandra Herbs and 
Plantations LLP  
16. Zandra Infrastructure 
LLP 
17. Rajnigandha Developers 
LLP 
18. Yelena Hospitals LLP  
19. Aleta Hospitals LLP  
20. Mabs Biotech LLP  
21. Vertius LLP  
22. Zenila Ventures LLP   
Sharvil P. Patel  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 47 years  
DIN: 00131995  
 Managing 
Director and 
Key 
Managerial 
Personnel  Bachelor’s Degree in 
Chemical and 
Pharmaceutical Sciences, 
University of Sunderland.  
 
Doctorate (P.hd ) in 
Philosophy from University 
of Sunderland, United 
Kingdom.   August 12, 
2025  1. Zydus Wellness Limited  
2. Zydus Wellness 
Products Limited  
3. Gujarat Mineral 
Development 
Corporation  Limited  
4. Liva Nutritions Limited  
5. Zydus Healthcare 
Limited  
 
45 Name, 
Occupation, Age 
and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
 6. Zydus Foundation  
7. Zydus Hospitals and 
Healthcare Research 
Private Limited  
8. Western Ahmedabad 
Effluent Conveyance 
Private Limited  
9. Cadmach Machinery 
Company Private 
Limited  
10. Cadila Laboratories 
Private Limited  
11. Cadila Lifesciences 
Private Limited  
12. VINS Hospital Private 
Limited  
13. Zydus Hospitals LLP  
14. Zandra Herbs and 
Plantations LLP  
15. Zandra Infrastructure 
LLP 
16. Aleta Hospitals LLP  
17. Yelena Hospitals LLP  
18. Mabs Biotech LLP  
19. Rajnigandha Developers 
LLP 
20. Zenila Ventures LLP   
Ganesh N. Nayak  
Occupation : 
Service  
Age: 71 years  
DIN: 00017481  
 Director  Bachelor of Science, Mysore 
University.  
 
MBA from Newport 
University, California, USA.  
 
General Management 
Programme from Harvard 
Business School, Boston, 
USA.   August 12, 
2025  1. Zydus Wellness Limited  
2. Zydus VTEC Limited  
3. Zydus Hospira Oncology 
Private Limited  
4. Zydus Takeda 
Healthcare Private 
Limited  
5. German Remedies 
Healthcare Private 
Limited  
6. Bayer Zydus Pharma 
Private Limited   
Mukesh M. Patel  
Occupation : 
Advocate  
Age: 72 years  
DIN: 00053892  
 Non -
Executive 
Non -
Independent 
Director  Graduate in Commerce and 
Law from Gujarat University.  
 
  August 12, 
2024  
 1. Force Motors Limited  
2. Desai Brothers Limited  
3. Cliantha Research 
Limited  
4. Jade Blue Lifestyle India 
Limited  
5. Desai Foods Private 
Limited  
6. Gulmohar Greens -Golf 
and Country Club 
Limited  
7. Riverside Spaces LLP  
8. Solvius LLP  
9. Unaprime Healthcare 
LLP  
 
46 Name, 
Occupation, Age 
and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
Bhadresh K. Shah  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 75 years  
DIN: 00058177  
 Independent 
Director  B. Tech in Metallurgy from 
IIT, Kanpur.   August 11, 
2023  1. AIA Engineering Limited  
2. Welcast Steels Limited  
3. Avirat Finance Private 
Limited  
4. AIA CSR Foundation  
5. Zydus Healthcare 
Limited   
Akhil Monappa  
Occupation : 
Service  
Age: 47 years  
DIN: 09784366  
 Independent 
Director  MBA and MPA -ID degree 
from Harvard University, 
Cambridge, USA and 
Bachelor’s degree in Science  
in Electrical Engineering 
from Georgia Tech, Atlanta, 
USA 
  November 29, 
2022  1. Zydus Wellness Limited   
Upasana Konidela  
Occupation : 
Industrialist  
Age: 39 years  
DIN: 02781278  
 Independent 
Director  Degree in International 
Business Marketing & 
Management from Regents  
University, London, United 
Kingdom and did the 
Executive Education  
Programme at Harvard 
Business School, Boston, 
USA November 29, 
2022  1. Healthnet Global 
Limited  
2. Apollo Health Resources 
Limited  
3. Family Health Plan 
Insurance TPA Limited  
4. Apollo Healthco Limited  
5. Total Health  
6. FHPL Technologies 
Private Limited  
7. Apollo Telehealth 
Service Private Limited  
8. Apokos Rehab Private 
Limited  
9. Happ Tech Private 
Limited  
10. Urlife Lifestyle Wellness 
Limited  
11. Apollo 24/7 Insurance 
Services Limited  
12. Athamma’s Kitchen 
Private Limited  
13. UKK Media Tech Private 
Limited   
Shelina Parikh  
Occupation:  
Business  
Age:  57 years  
DIN: 00468199  Independent 
Director  BA from Brown University 
and MBA from Harvard 
Business School  May 17, 2024  1. TechNova Imaging 
Systems (P) Limited  
2. TechNova Ventures 
Private Limited  
3. TechNova Prepress 
Solutions Private 
Limited  
4. TechNova Foundation  
5. TechNova  Hi-Chem 
Private Limited  
6. TechNova Printrite 
Products Private Limited  
7. Tube Investments of 
India Limited  
 
47 Name, 
Occupation, Age 
and DIN  Designation  Qualifications  Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment  Other Directorships  
8. Ariel Designs Private 
Limited   
Kulin S. Lalbhai  
Occupation:  
Business  
Age:  40 years  
DIN:  05206878  Independent 
Director  MBA degree from Harvard 
Business School and 
Bachelor’s degree in Science 
in Electrical Engineering 
from Standford University  May 19, 2026  1. Arvind Limited  
2. Arvind Smartspaces 
Limited  
3. Arvind Fashions Limited  
4. Zydus Wellness Limited  
5. PVH Arvind Fashion 
Private Limited  
6. Arvind Youth Brands 
Private Limited  
7. The Anup Engineering 
Limited  
8. Style Audit LLP  
9. Tatvam Space Links LLP  
10. Retailers Association of 
India   
  
 
14.8 The details of changes in Board of Directors during the last 3 (three) years preceding  the date 
of the Public Announcement  are as under:  
 
Sr No  Name  Appointment/ Re -
appointment/ 
Resignation/ Cessation  Effective Date  Reason  
1.  Ganesh N. Nayak  Re-appointment  August 11, 2023  Re-appointment as a 
director liable to retire by 
rotation  
2.  Sharvil P. Patel  Re-appointment  August 11, 2023  Re-appointment as a 
director liable to retire by 
rotation  
3.  Bhadresh K. Shah  Re-appointment  August 11, 2023  Re-appointment as an 
independent director for 
a period of five years  
4.   Pankaj R. Patel   Re-appointment   August 9, 2024  Re-appointment as a 
director liable to retire by 
rotation  
5.  Mukesh M. Patel   Re-appointment   August 9, 2024  Re-appointment as a 
director liable to retire by 
rotation  
6.  Ganesh N. Nayak  Re-appointment  August 9, 2024  Re-appointment as the 
Whole Time Director  
designated as Executive 
Director  
7.  Shelina P. Parikh  Appointment  August 9, 2024  Appointment as an 
independent director for 
a period of five years  
8.  Sharvil P. Patel  Re-appointment  August 12, 2025  Re-appointment as a 
director liable to retire by 
rotation  
 
48 Sr No  Name  Appointment/ Re -
appointment/ 
Resignation/ Cessation  Effective Date  Reason  
9.  Ganesh N. Nayak  Re-appointment  August 12, 2025  Re-appointment as a 
director  
 
14.9 The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the members of the  Promoter and Promoter 
Group , persons in control of the Company or any Directors of the Company except to the 
extent of the cash consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their 
respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as Equity Shareholders of the 
Company, and the change in their shareholding  as per the response received in the Buyback, 
as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity 
share capital of the Company post Buyback . 
 
14.10  No action has been taken by SEBI in the past against the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group  or Directors of the Company.  
 
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY  
 
15.1 The brief audited financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited 
standalone results for the financial years ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 
31, 2024  are provided below:  
 
(Amount in INR Million)  
Particulars  Audited  
For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2026  For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2025  For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2024  
Revenue from operations                 1,14,840                 1,51,163                 1,08,187  
Other Income                     16,675                        6,962                     10,848  
Total Income                 1,31,515                 1,58,125                 1,19,035  
Total Expenses (excluding Interest, 
Depreciation & Amortisation, Tax)                     75,586                     73,800                     67,600  
Interest                        4,829                        4,639                        3,907  
Depreciation & Amortisation                        5,612                        5,239                        5,044  
Profit Before Exceptional Items and Tax                     45,488                     74,447                     42,484  
Exceptional Items                        1,669                                 -                                 86  
Profit Before Tax from continuing 
operations                     43,819                     74,447                     42,398  
Tax Expenses (including Deferred Tax)                        8,221                     16,698                        7,983  
Net Profit After Tax from continuing 
operations                     35,598                     57,749                     34,415  
Net Profit from discontinued operations 
[Net of tax ]                                -                                   -                                   -    
Net Profit After Tax                     35,598                     57,749                     34,415  
Net Profit attributable to Owners of the 
Company                     35,598                     57,749                     34,415  
 
(Amount in INR Million)  
Particulars  Audited  
As at  
March 31, 2026  As at  
March 31, 2025  As at  
March 31, 2024  
Equity Share capital  1,006 1,006                       1,006  
Other Equity  235,711  210,895                 1,56,159  
Net Worth  236,717  211,901                 1,57,165  
Debt, excluding working capital loans  69,568  74,687                    55,554  
 
49 Particulars  Audited  
For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2026  For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2025  For the year ended 
on  
March 31, 2024  
Total Debt        
- Secured loans  21,989  21,495                                 -    
- Unsecured loans  52,322  61,892                     61,735  
 
(Amount in INR, except certain ratios)  
Key Ratios  Audited  
For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2026  For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2025  For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2024  
Basic earnings per share                        35.38                        57.39                        34.01  
Diluted earnings per share                        35.38                        57.39                        34.01  
Book value per share                     235.25                     210.59                     156.19  
Total Debt / Equity Ratio                           0.31                           0.39                           0.39  
Return on Net Worth (%)  15.87%  31.29%  23.45%  
Total Debt/ Net Worth Ratio                           0.31                           0.39                           0.39  
 
The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per share  Net Profit attributable to equity shareholders / Weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the 
year  
Diluted Earnings per share  Net Profit attributable to equity shareholders / Weighted 
average number of shares outstanding during the year 
(assuming issuance of all the shares kept in abeyance)  
Book value per share  (Paid -up Equity Share capital + Free Reserves and Surplus) / 
Number of equity shares subscribed outstanding at year end  
Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including 
current maturities) and current borrowings/ Net Worth  
Return on Net Worth excluding revaluation 
reserves (%) Net Profit After Tax / Average Net Worth excluding 
revaluation reserves  
Total Debt/ Net Worth  Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including 
current maturities) and current borrowings/ Net Worth  
Average Net worth  (Net worth of the company for current year + Networth of 
the company for immediately preceding year) / 2  
 
15.2 The brief audited financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited 
consolidated results for the financial years ended March 31, 2026 , March 31, 2025  and March 
31, 2024  are provided below:  
 
Particulars  Audited  
For the year ended 
on March 31, 2026  For the year ended 
on March 31, 2025  For the year ended 
on March 31, 2024  
Revenue from operations           2,71,484          2,32,415           1,95,474  
Other Income                  5,095                 2,695                  2,841  
Total Income           2,76,579          2,35,110           1,98,315  
Total Expenses (excluding Interest, 
Depreciation & Amortisation, Tax)           1,86,733          1,61,830           1,41,631  
Interest                  4,389                 1,659                      812  
Depreciation & Amortisation               14,080                 9,158                  7,641  
 
50 Particulars  Audited  
For the year ended 
on March 31, 2026  For the year ended 
on March 31, 2025  For the year ended 
on March 31, 2024  
Profit Before Exceptional Items and Tax               71,377               62,463               48,231  
Exceptional Items                  5,166                 2,196                      142  
Profit Before Tax               66,211               60,267               48,089  
Tax Expenses (including Deferred Tax)               15,947               14,119                  9,775  
Net Profit After Tax from continuing 
operations and before share of profit of 
Joint Ventures               50,264               46,148               38,314  
Share of profit of Joint Ventures [Net of tax ]                     971                      578                  1,184  
Net Profit After Tax from continuing 
operations               51,235               46,726                39,498  
Net Profit from discontinued operations 
[Net of tax ]                          -                            -                        230  
Net Profit for the year including non -
controlling interest               51,235               46,726               39,728  
Net Profit attributable to Owners of the 
Company               50,400               45,255               38,595  
 
(Amount in INR Million)  
Particulars  Audited  
As at  
March 31, 2026  As at  
March 31, 2025  As at  
March 31, 2024  
Equity Share capital                  1,006                 1,006                  1,006  
Other Equity           2,70,108          2,38,525           1,97,289  
Net Worth           2,71,114          2,39,531           1,98,295  
Debt, excluding working capital loans               95,668   21,495                           -    
Total Debt     
- Secured loans               22,069               21,495                           -    
- Unsecured loans               95,626              10,200                    7,686  
 
(Amount in INR, except certain ratios)  
Key Ratios  Audited  
For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2026  For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2025  For the year 
ended on March 
31, 2024  
Basic earnings per share                  50.09                 44.97                  38.14  
Diluted earnings per share                  50.09                 44.97                  38.14  
Book value per share               269.43               238.05               197.07  
Total Debt / Equity Ratio                     0.43                    0.13                     0.04  
Return on Net Worth (%)  18.59%  18.89%  19.46%  
Total Debt/ Net Worth Ratio                     0.43                    0.13                     0.04  
 
The key ratios have been computed as below:  
 
Key Ratios  Basis  
Basic Earnings per share  Net Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company / Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year  
Diluted Earnings per share  Net Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company/ Weighted average number of shares outstanding 
during the year (assuming issuance of all the shares kept in 
abeyance)  
Book value per share  (Paid -up Equity Share capital + Free Reserves and Surplus) / 
Number of equity shares subscribed outstanding at year end  
 
51 Total Debt -Equity Ratio  Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including 
current maturities) and current borrowings/ Net Worth  
Return on Net Worth excluding revaluation 
reserves (%) Net Profit After Tax attributable to the owners of the 
Company / Average Net Worth excluding revaluation 
reserves  
Total Debt/ Net Worth  Total Debt includes non -current borrowings (including 
current maturities) and current borrowings/ Net Worth  
Average Net worth  (Net worth of the Group for current year + Net worth of the 
Group for immediately preceding year) / 2  
Net Worth  Net worth represents the net equity of the Group excluding 
non-controlling interest  
 
15.3 The Company shall comply with the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, as amended, wherever and if applicable. The Company hereby declares 
that it has complied with and will comply with Sections 68, 69 and 70 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, as may be applicable to the Buyback.  
 
16. STOCK MARKET DATA  
 
16.1 The Shares of the Company are listed on NSE and BSE. The Equity Shares are currently traded 
under the trading code ZYDUSLIFE at NSE and scrip code 532321 at BSE.  
 
16.2 The high, low and average market prices in preceding 3 (three) financial years and the monthly 
high, low and average market prices for the 6 (six) months preceding the date of the Public 
Announcement, and the corresponding volumes on NSE and BSE are given below:  
NSE:  
 
Period  High# 
(INR)  Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity Shares 
traded on that 
date  Low# 
(INR)  Date of Low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares on 
that date  Average 
Price* (INR)  Total volume traded 
of Equity Shares in 
the period (number 
of Equity Shares)  
Preceding 3 (three) Years  
April 1, 2023  
to March 31, 
2024  1,027.8
0  26-Mar -
24 17,81,245  484.95  22-May -23 12,30,046  654.56  29,52,50,503  
April 1, 2024  
to March 31, 
2025  1,324.3
0  09-Aug-24 40,55,249  855.10  19-Feb-25 29,89,352  1,026.76  40,49,16,089  
April 1, 2025  
to March 31, 
2026  1,059.0
5  19-Sep-25 10,54,747  795.00  07-Apr-25 17,92,473  939.74  23,96,85,110  
Preceding 6 (six) month s 
November  1, 
2025  to 
November 30, 
2025  998.00  06-Nov-25 29,19,859  920.50  21-Nov-25 4,70,759  941.16  2,10,55,646  
December 1, 
2025  to 
December 31, 
2025  947.00  03-Dec-25 11,58,530  896.75  30-Dec-25 7,21,717  922.02  1,42,64,601  
January  1, 
2026  to 
January 31, 
2026  941.00  07-Jan-26 5,18,054  855.95  19-Jan-26 6,06,193  896.34  1,12,80,031  
February  1, 947.55  26-Feb-26 14,36,917  863.65  02-Feb-26 4,05,651  905.51  1,63,26,630  
 
52 Period  High# 
(INR)  Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity Shares 
traded on that 
date  Low# 
(INR)  Date of Low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares on 
that date  Average 
Price* (INR)  Total volume traded 
of Equity Shares in 
the period (number 
of Equity Shares)  
2026  to 
February 28, 
2026  
March  1, 2026  
to March 31, 
2026  936.15  11-Mar -
26 5,65,317  858.00  23-Mar -26 6,62,395  898.40  1,20,54,048  
April  1, 2026  
to April 30, 
2026  962.90  23-Apr-26 16,93,451  835.50  02-Apr-26 10,13,019  912.02  1,49,90,842  
Source:  www.nseindia.com  
*Arithmetical average of closing prices  of all trading days during the said period . 
#High and low are based on high and low of daily high and daily low prices respectively.  
 
BSE:  
 
Period  High# 
(INR)  Date of 
High  Number of 
Equity Shares 
traded on that 
date  Low# 
(INR)  Date of Low  Number of 
Equity 
Shares on 
that date  Average 
Price* (INR)  Total volume traded 
of Equity Shares in 
the period (number of 
Equity Shares)  
Preceding 3 (three) Years  
April 1, 2023  
to March 31, 
2024  1,030.1
5  27-Mar -
24 54,387  482.55  22-May -23 42,240  654.40  1,15,30,035  
April 1, 2024  
to March 31, 
2025  1,296.1
5  09-Aug-24 1,39,615  859.15  04-Mar -25 24,907  1,026.67  1,63,39,279  
April 1, 2025  
to March 31, 
2026  1,059.0
0  19-Sep-25 30,673  797.05  07-Apr-25 41,649  939.65  99,71,730  
Preceding 6 (six) month s 
November  1, 
2025  to 
November 30, 
2025  987.35  04-Nov-25 19,334  921.00  21-Nov-25 21,006  940.91  5,21,783  
December 1, 
2025  to 
December 31, 
2025  947.25  03-Dec-25 23,932  897.00  30-Dec-25 13,691  921.96  3,77,397  
January  1, 
2026  to 
January 31, 
2026  940.95  07-Jan-26 31,103  856.00  19-Jan-26 14,157  896.16  4,47,665  
February  1, 
2026  to 
February 28, 
2026  947.70  26-Feb-26 75,646  863.50  02-Feb-26 36,263  905.49  7,32,459  
March  1, 2026  
to March 31, 
2026  936.00  11-Mar -
26 17,043  835.85  02-Mar -26 62,141  898.28  4,55,984  
April  1, 2026  
to April 30, 
2026  963.00  23-Apr-26 62,684  835.85  02-Apr-26 46,771  911.60  5,92,266  
Source:  www.bseindia.com  
*Arithmetical average of closing prices  of all trading days during the said period . 
 
53 #High and low are based on high and low of daily high and daily low prices respectively  
 
16.3 The notice of the Board Meeting convened to consider the proposal of the Buyback was given 
to the  NSE and BSE on May 13 , 2026 . The Board, at its meeting held on May 19 , 2026 , 
approved the proposal for the Buyback at INR 1,150 /- (Indian Rupees One Thousand One 
Hundred  and Fifty only) per Equity S hare and the intimation was sent to NSE and BSE on the 
same day. The closing market price of the Equity Shares on  NSE and BSE during this period, 
are summarized below:  
 
Event  Date  NSE (INR ) BSE (INR)  
1 (one) trading day prior to the prior 
intimation of convening the Board Meeting  May 12, 2026  930.65  930.75  
Date of prior intimation regarding 
convening of Board Meeting to consider the 
proposal of the Buyback  May 13, 2026  939.25  938.95  
1 (one) trading day prior to the Board 
Meeting  May 18, 2026  991.10  991.2  
Date of the Board Meeting / passing board 
resolution  May 19, 2026  1,018.90  1,018.95  
1 (one) trading day post the Board Meeting  May 20, 2026  1,040.85  1,040.95  
Date of publication of the Public 
Announcement  May 21, 2026  1,036.45  1,036.20  
Source:  www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com   
 
It is clarified that pursuant to a resolution passed by a committee of the Board on May 27, 
2026 and in terms of Regulation 5(via) of the Buyback Regulations, the Original Buyback Price 
was increased from INR 1,150/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred and Fifty only) 
per Equity Share to INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only) 
per Equity Share.  
 
17. DETAILS OF STATUTORY APPROVALS  
 
17.1 The Board , at its meeting held on May 19 , 2026 , approved the proposal for the Buyback.   
 
17.2 The Buyback will be subject to such necessary approvals as may be required under the 
applicable laws including from SEBI and/ or NSE or BSE, and the Buyback from Non -Resident 
Shareholders, erstwhile overseas corporate bodies and other applicable categories  will be 
subject to such approvals of the RBI, if any, under FEMA and/or such other applicable rules 
and regulations in force for the time being.  
 
17.3 The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals 
as may be required by such Eligible Shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The 
Eligible Shareholder shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such  statutory consents and 
approvals (including, without limitation the approval from the RBI, if any) as may be required 
by them in order to sell their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An 
Eligible Shareholder would be required to provide  copies of all such consents and approvals 
obtained by them to the Registrar to the Buyback. The Buyback of Equity Shares from Non -
Resident Shareholders  will be subject to approvals, if any, of the appropriate authorities, 
including RBI under FEMA, as applicable. It is the obligation of such Non -Resident 
Shareholders, to obtain such approvals and submit such approvals along with the Tender 
Form, so as to enable them to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback and for the Company to 
purchase such Equity Shares, t endered. The Company will have the right to make payment to 
the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and not accept 
 
54 Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom prior RBI approval is required 
in the event copies of such approvals are not submitted.  
 
17.4 By participating in the Buyback, the Non -Resident Shareholders give the Company the 
authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all applications to file 
regulatory reporting(s), if required, including the form FC -TRS, if necessary an d such Non -
Resident Shareholders undertake to provide assistance to the Company for such regulatory 
reporting, if required by the Company  
 
17.5 As of date, there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the 
Buyback, other than that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes 
applicable subsequently, the Buyback Offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory 
approval(s). In the event of any delay in receipt of any statutory / regulatory approvals, 
changes to the proposed timetable of the Buyback Offer, if any, shall be intimated to the Stock 
Exchanges .  
 
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK  
 
18.1 Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in the Buyback can send the 
Tender Form by speed post or hand deliver the same, along with the TRS generated by the 
exchange bidding system along with all relevant documents by super -scribing the  envelope as 
“Zydus Lifesciences  Limited Buyback Offer 2026”, to the Registrar to the Buyback at its office 
set out below, so that the same are received on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e. , 
Wednes day, June 10 , 2026  by 5 :00 pm (IST) . 
 
 
 
 
 
 MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) 
Address: C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West ), 
Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India  
Tel. no.:  +91 810 811 4949 ; Fax no.:  +91 22 49186060  
Contact person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
Email:  zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance Email:  
zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI registration no .: INR000004058  
Validity period : Permanent  
 
18.2 In case of any query, the Shareholders may contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday 
to Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm  (IST)  on all Working Days except public holidays 
at the above -mentioned address . 
 
18.3 For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat erialised  form, the Tender Form 
and TRS are not required to be submitted to the Company, Manager or the Registrar. After 
the confirmation of lien marked in demat account of the Eligible Shareholders to the Clearing 
Corporation and a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid for buyback shall be 
deemed to have been accepted for Eligible Shareholders holding the Equity Shares  in 
demat erialised  form . 
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND 
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE COMPANY OR TO THE 
MANAGER  TO THE BUYBACK.  
 
ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO ENSURE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND 
OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS ARE COMPLETE IN ALL RESPECTS . OTHERWISE , THE SAME 

 
55 ARE LIABLE TO BE REJECTED.  
 
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK  
 
19.1 The Company proposes to Buyback not exceeding 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty 
thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares from the Eligible Shareholders, on a 
proportionate basis, through the Tender Offer route, at a price of INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees 
One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per Equity Share, payable in cash for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding INR 1100 ,00,00,000/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand One Hundred 
Crore  only), which represents 5. 16% and 3. 84% of the aggregate of the tot al paid -up equity 
share capital and free reserves as per the last audited standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at March 31, 2026, respectively, and is within the statutory 
limit of 10% of the aggregate of the total paid -up equ ity share capital and free reserves of the 
Company, based on both standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company 
as of March 31, 2026 , under the board approval route as per Section 68 and other applicable  
provisions of the Companies Act and Regulation 5 and other applicable provisions of the 
Buyback Regulations. The Board approved the Buyback at its meeting held on May 19, 2026 . 
The Buyback is in accordance with Article 14 of the Articles of Association of the Company and 
Sections 68, 69, 70, 179 and any other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, and 
rules framed thereunder, including the Share Capital Rules and the Management Rules, to the 
extent applicable, Buyback Regulations read with SE BI Circulars and the Listing Regulations, 
subject to such other approvals, permissions, consents, exemptions and sanctions, as may be 
necessary and subject to any modifications and conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by 
SEBI, ROC, NSE, BSE and/or othe r authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be necessary, 
while granting such approvals, permissions, consents, sanctions and exemptions, which may 
be agreed by the Board.  
 
19.2 The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in 
the Buyback and, accordingly, Eligible Shareholders may take their own decision after 
consulting their own advisors, as they may deem fit, regarding their participat ion in the 
Buyback.  
 
19.3 The aggregate shareholding of the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group as on the 
date of the Public Announcement and the date of this Letter of Offer is 75, 46,25,314  (seventy 
five crore forty six lakh twenty five  thousand three  hundred and fourteen ) Equity Shares, 
which represents 74. 99% of the existing equity share capital of the Company. In terms of the 
Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the members of the Promoter and  
Promoter Group and persons in control of the Company have the opt ion to participate in the 
Buyback. In this regard, the members of the Promoter and  Promoter Group and persons in 
control of the Company, vide their letters dated May 19 , 2026 , have expressed their intention 
to participate in the Buyback and tender up to 75,45,82,737 (seventy five crore forty five lakh 
eighty two thousand seven hundred and thirty seven) Equity Shares or such lower number of 
Equity Shares as permitted under applicable laws . 
 
19.4 Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the 
Eligible Shareholders up to their Entitlement including the members of the Promoter and 
Promoter Group , the aggregate shareholding and the voting rights of the members of the 
Promoter and Promoter Group , may  increase  to 75.09 % post Buyback from the current pre 
Buyback shareholding of 74.99%, and the aggregate shareholding of the public Shareholders 
in the Company may decrease  to 24.91 % post Buyback from the current pre Buyback 
shareholding of 25.01 %. 
 
19.5 Record Date  and Ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement of each category   
 
 
56 19.5.1  As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Board has fixed  May 29 , 202 6 as the 
Record Date for the purpose of determining the Entitlement and the names of the 
Eligible Shareholders, who are eligible to participate in the Buyback .  
 
19.5.2  The Equity Shares proposed to be bought back by the Company shall be divided into 
two categories : 
 
(i) Reserved category for Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”); and  
(ii) General category for other Eligible Shareholders  (“General Category ”). 
 
19.5.3  As defined in Regulation 2(i)(n) of the Buyback Regulations, a “ Small Shareholder ” 
is a shareholder of the Company who holds Equity Shares whose market value, on 
the basis of the closing price of the Equity Shares on NSE and BSE having the highest 
trading volume as on the Record Date, is not more than INR 2,00,000/ - (Indian 
Rupees Two Lakh  only). As on the Record Date, the closing price on NSE, having the 
highest trading volume, was INR 1077.7 0/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand and 
Seventy Seven and Seventy Pai se) per Equity Share. Accordingly, all Eligible 
Shareholders holding not more than 185 (one hundred and eighty five) Equity Shares 
as on the Record Date are classified as ‘Small Shareholders’ for the purpose of the 
Buyback.  
 
19.5.4  Based on the above definition, there are 4,04,060  (four lakh four thousand and sixty) 
Small Shareholders with aggregate shareholding of 1,28,44,479  (one crore twenty 
eight lakh forty four thousand four hundred and seventy nine) Equity Shares, as on 
the Record Date, which constitutes 1.28 % of the outstanding number of Equity 
Shares of the Company and 147.13 % of the maximum number of Equity Shares 
which are proposed to be bought back as part of this Buyback. 99,33,46,934 (Ninety 
nine crore thirty  three  lakh forty  six thousand nine  hundred and thirty  four ) Equity 
Shares were held by the other Eligible Shareholders in the General Category as on 
the Record Date.  
 
19.5.5  In accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the 
Small Shareholders, will be higher of : 
 
(i) 15% of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to 
Buyback i.e., 15% of 87,30,158 (eight seven lakh thirty thousand one 
hundred and fifty eight) Equity Shares which works out to 13,09,524 
(thirteen lakh nine  thousand five hundred and twenty four) Equity Shares; 
or  
(ii) The number of Equity Shares to  which the Small Shareholders are entitled, 
as per their shareholding as on Record Date i.e., (1,28,44,479 (one crore 
twenty eight lakh forty four thousand four hundred and seventy nine) / 
100,61,91,413  (one hundred crore sixty one lakh ninety one thousand four 
hundred and thirteen ) X 87,30,158  (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one 
hundred and fifty eight)  which works out to 1,11,44 5 (one lakh eleven  
thousand four hundred and forty five) Equity Shares.  
 
All the outstanding Equity Shares  have been used for computing the Entitlement of 
Small Shareholders since the members of the Promoter and Promoter Group also 
intend to offer Equity Shares held by them in the Buyback  as specified in paragraph  
9.6. 
 
19.5.6  Based on the above analysis and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback 
Regulations, 13,09,524 (thirteen lakh nine thousand five hundred and twenty four ) 
 
57 Equity Shares have been reserved for the Small Shareholders (“ Reserved Category ”) 
and accordingly, the General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders shall consist 
of 74,20,634 (seventy four lakh twenty thousand six hundred and thirty four) Equity 
Shares (“ General Category ”). 
 
19.6 Category wise Entitlement Ratio of Buyback  
 
Based on the above, the Entitlement ratio of Buyback for both categories is decided as below:  
 
Category  Indicative Entitlement Ratio of Buyback*  
Reserved Category  5 Equity Shares out of every 49 Equity Shares held on the Record Date  
General Category  7 Equity Share s out of every 937 Equity Shares held on the Record 
Date  
*The above Ratio of Buyback is approximate and providing indicative Buyback Entitlement. Any 
computation of entitled Equity Shares using the above Ratio of Buyback may provide a slightly different 
number due to rounding -off. The actual Buyback Entitlement for Reserved Category for Small 
Shareholders is 10.1952262914%  and General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders is  
0.7470334931% . 
 
19.7 Fractional Entitlements  
 
If the Entitlement under Buyback, after applying the above mentioned ratios to the Equity 
Shares held on Record Date, is not a round number (i.e., not in the multiple of 1 Equity Share) 
then the fractional Entitlement shall be ignored for computation of Bu yback Entitlement to 
tender Equity Shares in the Buyback Offer, for both categories of Eligible Shareholders.  
 
On account of  ignoring the fractional Entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 9 (nine)  
or less Equity Shares as on Record Date, will be dispatched a Tender Form with zero 
Entitlement. Such Small Shareholders are entitled to tender Additional Equity Shares as part 
of the Buyback Offer and will be given preference in the acceptance of one Equi ty Share, if 
such Small Shareholders have tendered Additional Equity Shares.  
 
19.8 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback by the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category in the 
following order of priority:  
 
19.8.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their 
Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever 
is less.  
 
19.8.2  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19.8.1 above, in case, there are any 
Equity Shares left to be bought back from the Small Shareholders in the Reserved 
Category, the Small Shareholders who were entitled to tender zero Equity Shares 
(on account of fractional Entitlement), and have tendered Additional Equity Shares 
as part of the Buyback, shall be given preference and one Equity Share each from 
the Additional Equity Shares tendered by these Small Shareholders shall be bought 
back in the Reserved C ategory.  
 
19.8.3  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraphs 19.8.1 and 19.8.2 above, in case, 
there are any validly tendered unaccepted Equity Shares in the Reserved Category 
(“Reserved Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares left to be bought back 
 
58 in Reserved Category, the Reserved Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in 
a proportionate manner and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations, i.e., valid Acceptances per Eligible Shareholder shall be equal 
to the R eserved Category Additional Shares validly tendered by the Eligible 
Shareholder divided by the total Reserved Category Additional Shares and 
multiplied by the total number of Equity Shares remaining to be bought back in 
Reserved Category. For the purpose o f this calculation, the Reserved Category 
Additional Shares taken into account for such Small Shareholders, from whom one 
Equity Share has been Accepted in accordance with paragraph 19.8.2 above, shall 
be reduced by one.  
 
19.8.4  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described 
in paragraph 19.8.3 above, will be made as follows:  
 
(i) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be 
Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  (Process and methodology for the Buyback ) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
 
19.9 Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category  
 
Subject to the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Company will Accept the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Buyback Offer by Eligible Shareholders (other than Small Shareholders) 
in the General Category in the following order of priority:  
 
19.9.1  Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Eligible Shareholders in the General 
Category who have validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their 
Buyback Entitlement, or the number of Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.  
 
19.9.2  Post the Acceptance as described in paragraph 19.9.1 above, in case, there are any 
validly tendered unaccepted Equity Shares in the General Category (“ General 
Category Additional Shares ”) and Equity Shares left to be bought back in General 
Category, the General Category Additional Shares shall be accepted in a 
proportionate manner and the Acceptances shall be made in accordance with the 
Buyback Regulations, i.e., valid Acceptances per El igible Shareholder shall be equal 
to the General Category Additional Sh ares validly tendered by the Eligible 
Shareholder divided by the total General Category Additional Shares and multiplied 
by the total number of Shares remaining to be bought back in General Category.  
 
19.9.3  Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described 
in paragraph 19.9.2 above, will be made as follows:  
 
 
59 (i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  (Process and methodology for the Buyback ) of this 
Letter of Offer.  
 
19.10  Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between the two categories  
 
19.10.1  After Acceptances of Equity Shares, as mentioned in paragraphs 19.8 and 19.9 
above, in case, there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in one category 
(“Partially Filled Category ”) and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered 
Equity Shares (“ Further Additional Shares ”) in the second category (“ Over 
Tendered Category ”), then the Further Additional Shares in the Over Tendered 
Category shall be Accepted in a proportionate manner i.e., valid Acceptances per 
Eligible Shareholder shall be equal to Further Additional Shares validly tendered by 
the Eligible Shareholder in th e Over Tendered Category divided by the total Further 
Additional Shares in the Over Tendered Category and mul tiplied by the total Shares 
left to be bought back in the Partially Filled Category.  
 
19.10.2  If the Partially Filled Category is the General Category and the Over Tendered 
Category is the Reserved Category, then any Small Shareholder who has received a 
Tender Form with zero Buyback Entitlement and who has tendered Additional 
Equity Shares shall be  eligible for priority Acceptance of one Equity Share before 
Acceptance in paragraph 19. 10.1 out of the Equity Shares left to be bought back in 
the Partially Filled Category provided no Acceptance could take place from such 
Shareholder in accordance with paragraph 19.8 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.10.3  Adjustment for fraction results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as defined in 
paragraphs  19.10.1 and 19. 10.2 above:  
 
(i) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or equal to 0.50 (point 
five zero), then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.  
 
(ii) For any Eligible Shareholder, if the number of Further Additional Shares to 
be Accepted , calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 
(one) and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50 (point five zero), then 
the fraction shall be ignored.  
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the 
Buyback Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of 
 
60 Equity Shares or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in 
the process described in paragraph 19  (Process and methodology for the Buyback ) of this 
Letter of Offer . 
 
19.11  For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that, in accordance with the clauses above:  
 
19.11.1  Equity Shares Accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder, shall be 
lower of the following:  
 
(i) the number of Equity Shares  tendered by the respective Eligible 
Shareholder ; and 
(ii) the number of Equity Shares  held by the respective Eligible Shareholder, as 
on the Record Date.  
 
19.11.2  Equity Shares  tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of 
Equity Shares  held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance . 
 
19.11.3  In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding -off of Equity Shares or 
otherwise, any person(s) authorized by the Board will have the authority to decide 
such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares 
or any shortage of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the 
process described in paragraph 19  (Process and methodology for the Buyback ) of 
this Letter of Offer.  
 
19.12  Clubbing of Entitlement  
 
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of the Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the 
same Eligible  Shareholders with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher 
Entitlement under the Small  Shareholder category, the Company proposes to club together 
the Equity Shares held by such Eligible  Shareholders with a common PAN for determining the 
category (Small Shareholder or General) and Entitlement  under the Buyback. In case of joint 
shareholding, the Company will club together the Equity Share s held in cases  where the 
sequence of the PANs of the joint Shareholders is identical and where the PANs of all joint  
Shareholders are not available, the Company will check the sequence of the names of the joint 
holders and club  together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the name of joint 
Shareholders is identical. In case of  Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical 
form , where the sequence of PANs is identical and where the PANs of  all joint Shareholders 
are not available, the Compa ny will check the sequence of the names of the  joint holders and 
club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the sequence of the PANs and name  
of joint Shareholders are identical. The shareholding of institutional investors like mutual 
funds, pension  funds/trusts and insurance companies etc., with common PAN will not be 
clubbed together for determining the  category and will be considered separately, where these 
Equity Shares are held for different schemes and have  a different demat account 
nomenc lature based on information prepared by the Registrar to the Buyback as per  the 
Shareholder records received from the Depositories. Further, the Equity Shares held under 
the category of  “clearing members” or “corporate body margin account” or “corporate body 
–broker” as per the beneficial  position data as on the Record Date , with common PAN, are not 
proposed to be clubbed together for determining  their Entitlement and will be considered 
separately, where these Equity Shares are assumed to be held on behalf  of clients.  
 
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES AND SETTLEMENT  
 
 
61 20.1 The Buyback is open to all Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares either in physical and/or 
in dematerialized form  as on Record Date.  
 
20.2 The Company proposes to effect the Buyback through the Tender Offer route  through Stock 
Exchange Mechanism , on a proportionate basis. The Letter of Offer and Tender Form, 
outlining the terms of the Buyback as well as the detailed disclosures as specified in the 
Buyback Regulations, will be e-mailed/dispatched to Eligible Shareholders.   
 
20.3 The Eligible Shareholders who have registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the 
Company, shall be dispatched the Letter of Offer through electronic means.  Eligible 
Shareholders who have not registered their email IDs with the Depositories/ the Company, 
shall be dispatched the  Letter of Offer through  physical mode  by speed post/ courier . In case 
of non -receipt of Letter of Offer and the Tender Form, please follow the procedure as 
mentioned in paragraph 20. 27 of this Letter of Offer.  
 
20.4 The Company will not accept any Equity Shares tendered  for Buyback which are under any 
restraint order of the court/ any other competent authority for transfer/ sale and/ or title in 
respect of which is otherwise under dispute or where loss of share certificates has been 
notified to the Company and the duplicate share certificates have not been issued either due 
to such request being under process as per the provisions of law or otherwise. The Company 
shall comply with Regulation 24(v) of the Buyback Regula tions which states that the Company 
shall not buyback locked -in Equity Shares and non -transferable Equity Shares till the pendency 
of the lock -in or till such Equity Shares become transferable. The Company shall also not 
accept the Equity Shares offered fo r Buyback where the title to such Equity Shares is under 
dispute or otherwise not clear.  
 
20.5 Eligible Shareholders will have to transfer the Equity Shares from the same demat account in 
which they were holding the Equity Shares as on the Record Date and in case of multiple 
demat accounts, Eligible Shareholders are required to tender the applications separately from 
each demat account . In case of any changes in the demat account in which the Equity Shares 
were held as on Record Date, such Eligible Shareholders should provide sufficient proof of the 
same to the Registrar to the Buyback and such tende red Equity Shares may be accepted 
subject to appropriate verification and validation by the Registrar to the Buyback. The Board 
or Buyback Committee authorized by the Board will have the authority to decide such final 
allocation in case of non -receipt of sufficient proof by such Eligible Shareholder.  
 
20.6 The participation of Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is voluntary. Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares of the Company may choose to participate, in full or in part, and get 
cash in lieu of shares to be accepted under the Buyback or they may choose not to participate  
and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding, post -Buyback, without 
additional investment . Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares of the Company may also 
accept a part of their Entitlement. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Sh ares of the Company 
also have the option of tendering Additional Equity S hares (over and above their Entitlement) 
and participate in the shortfall created due to non -participation of some other Eligible 
Shareholders, if any. If the Buyback Entitlement for any Eligible Shareholder is not a round 
number, the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of entitlement to tender 
Equity Shares in the Buyback. The Acceptance of any Equity Shares tendered in excess of the 
Buyback Entitlement by the Elig ible Shareholder shall be in terms of the procedure outlined 
herein.  In case any Eligible Shareholder or any person claiming to be an Eligible Shareholder 
cannot participate in the Buyback Offer for any reason, the Company, the Manager and 
Registrar to the Buyback and their officers shall not be liable in any manner for suc h non -
participation.  
 
 
62 20.7 The maximum number of Equity Shares that can be tendered under the Buyback by any 
Eligible Shareholder cannot exceed the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible 
Shareholder as on the Record Date. In case the Eligible Shareholder holds Equity Shares 
through multiple demat accounts, the tender through a demat account cannot exceed the 
number of Equity Shares held in that demat account.  
 
20.8 The Company shall accept all the Equity Shares validly tendered for the Buyback by Eligible 
Shareholders, on the basis of their Buyback Entitlement as on the Record Date.  
 
20.9 As elaborated under paragraphs 19.5 and 19.6  above, the Equity Shares proposed to be 
bought as a part of the Buyback are divided into two categories: (a) Reserved Category for 
Small Shareholders and (b) the General Category for all other Eligible Shareholders. The 
Buyback Entitlement of Eligible Sha reholders in each category shall be calculated accordingly.  
 
20.10  Post Acceptance of the Equity Shares tendered on the basis of Buyback Entitlement, Equity 
Shares left to be bought as a part of the Buyback, if any, in one category shall first be accepted, 
in proportion to the Equity Shares tendered, over and above their Buyback Entitlement, by 
Eligible Shareholders in that category, and thereafter, from Eligible Shareholders who have 
tendered over and above their Buyback Entitlement, in other category.  
 
20.11  The Buyback shall be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through 
Stock Exchange” as specified  by the SEBI Circular s and following the procedure prescribed in 
the Companies Act , the Share Capital Rules  and the Buyback Regulations and as may be 
determined by the Board (including the Buyback Committee authorized to complete the 
formalities of the Buyback) and on such terms and conditions as may be permitted by law 
from time to time.  
 
20.12  For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed ICICI Securities  Limited  as 
the registered broker to the Company (“ Company’s Broker ”) to facilitate the process of 
tendering of Equity Shares through the Stock Exchange Mechanism for the Buyback  and 
through whom the purchases and  settlements on account of the Buyback would be made by 
the Company . The contact details of the Company’s Broker are as follows:  
 
 ICICI Securities Limited  
Address: ICICI Venture House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,  
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025, Maharashtra, India;  
Tel. no.:  +91 22 6807 7469;  
Contact person : Mitesh Shah;   
Email: equity.settlements @icicisecurities.com ; 
Website : www.icicisecurities.com  
SEBI registration no.:  INZ000183631  
 
20.13  NSE will be the Designated Stock Exchange  for the purpose of this Buyback. The Company will 
request the Stock Exchanges  to provide the separate acquisition window (“ Acquisition 
Window ”) to facilitate placing of sell orders by Eligible Shareholders  who wish to tender Equity 
Shares in the Buyback. The details of the Acquisition Window will be specified by the Stock 
Exchanges  from time to time.   
 
20.14  During the tendering period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window by Eligible Shareholders through their respective stock broker(s) (“ Seller 
Member(s) ”) during normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Seller Member can 
enter orders for Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and physical form. In the tendering 
process, the Company’s Broker may also process the orders received from the Eligibl e 
Shareholders.  

 
63  
20.15  In the event the Seller Member(s) of any Eligible Shareholder is not registered with the Stock 
Exchanges  as a trading member/ stock broker, then that Eligible Shareholder can approach 
any NSE / BSE registered stock broker and can register themselves by using quick unique client 
code (“ UCC ”) facility through the NSE / BSE registered stock broker (after submitting all details 
as may be required by such NSE / BSE registered stock broker in compliance with applicable 
law). In case the Eligible Shareholders are unable to register using UCC facility through any 
other NSE / BSE registered broker, Eligible Shareholders may approach Company’s Broker i.e., 
ICICI Securities  Limited to place their bids, subject to completion of KYC requirements as 
required by the Company’s Broker.  
 
20.16  Eligible Shareholders approaching a stockbroker registered with the NSE / BSE (with whom 
they do not have an account) may have to submit the requisite documents as may be required. 
The requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker, and may inter 
alia include:  
 
In case of Eligible Seller being an individual  
 
If Eligible Seller is registered with KYC Registration Agency (“ KRA ”): Forms required:  
• Central Know Your Client (CKYC) form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Know Your Client (KYC) form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master / latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA : Forms required:  
• CKYC form including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy  
o Address proof  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller is HUF:  
 
If Eligible Seller is registered with KRA : Forms required:  
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat maste r/ latest 
demat statement)  
 
If Eligible Seller is not registered with KRA : Forms required:   
• CKYC form of karta  including FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents self -attested):  
o PAN card copy of HUF & karta   
o Address proof of HUF & karta   
 
64 o HUF declaration  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master/  latest 
demat statement)  
 
It may be noted that other than submission of above forms and documents , in person 
verification may be required.  
 
In case of Eligible Seller other than Individual and HUF:  
 
If Eligible Seller is KRA registered : Form required   
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy)  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master / latest 
demat statement )  
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
 
If Eligible Seller is not KRA registered : Forms required:  
• KRA form  
• KYC form documents required (all documents certified true copy):  
o PAN card copy of company/ firm/trust  
o Address proof of company/ firm/trust  
o Bank details (cancelled cheque)  
• Demat details only if Equity Shares are in dematerialised form  (demat master /latest 
demat statement ) 
• FATCA, IPV, OSV if applicable  
• Latest list of directors /authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• PAN card copies & address proof of Directors/authorised signatories/partners/trustees  
• Latest shareholding pattern  
• Board resolution/partnership declaration  
• Details of ultimate beneficial owner along with PAN card and address proof  
• Last 2 (two) years financial statements  
• MOA/Partnership deed /trust deed  
 
It may be noted that above mentioned list of documents is an indicative list. The requirement 
of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
20.17  All Eligible Shareholders, through their respective Seller Member / stock  broker(s) , will be 
eligible and responsible to place orders in the Acquisition Window.  
 
20.18  During the Tendering Period, the order for selling the Equity Shares will be placed in the 
Acquisition Window by Eligible Shareholders through their respective  Seller Member(s)  during 
normal trading hours of the secondary market. The Seller Member can enter orders for Equity 
Shares held in dematerialized form and physical form.  
 
20.19  The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including foreign 
corporate bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign portfolio investors, 
non-resident Indians, members of foreign nationality, if any, shall be subject to the Foreign 
 
65 Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income 
Tax Act, 2025  and rules and regulations framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject to 
the receipt / provision by such Eligible Shareholders of such approvals, if and to the extent 
necessary or required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, a pprovals from 
the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, if any.  
 
20.20  The reporting requirements for non -resident shareholders under RBI, Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, as amended and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, for 
remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible Shareholders and/ or the Seller Member . 
 
20.21  Modification/ cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder  will 
be allowed during the Tendering Period of the Buyback. Multiple bids made by a single Eligible 
Shareholder  for selling Equity Shares shall be clubbed and considered as “one bid ” for the 
purposes of acceptance.  
 
20.22  The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on  the website of  NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ) and BSE (www.bseindia.com ) throughout the trading session and will be 
updated at specific intervals during the Tendering Period.  
 
20.23  All documents sent by the Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders 
are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this regard.  Eligible Shareholders shall 
also provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of the 
Equity Shares in respect of the Tender Form to be sent. Such documents may include (but not 
be limited to):  
 
20.23.1  Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the Eligible Shareholder 
has signed the Tender Form ; 
 
20.23.2  Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate/legal heirship certificate, 
in case any Eligible Shareholder has expired; and  
 
20.23.3  In case of companies, the necessary certified corporate authorizations (including 
board and/or general meeting resolutions).  
 
20.24  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized 
form : 
 
20.24.1  Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares held by them in 
demateriali zed form under the Buyback would have to do so through their 
respective Seller Member by indicating to the concerned Seller Member, the details 
of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback . 
 
20.24.2  The Seller Member(s) would be required to place an order/ bid on behalf of the 
Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback using the 
Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchanges . For further details, Eligible 
Shareholders may refer to the circulars issued by the Stock Exchanges, Indian 
Clearing Corporation Limited or the NSE Clearing Limited (“ Clearing Corporation ”). 
 
20.24.3  The details of the settlement number under which the lien will be marked on the 
Equity Shares tendered  for the Buyback will be provided in a separate circular to be 
issued by the Stock Exchanges  or the  Clearing Corporation.   
 
20.24.4  The lien shall be marked by the Seller Member in the demat account of the Eligible 
Shareholder for the shares tendered in the Tender Offer . Details of shares marked 
 
66 as lien in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder shall be provided by the 
Depositories to the Clearing Corporation. In case, the Eligible Shareholder’s demat 
account is held with one depository and clearing member pool and Clearing 
Corporation Account is held with other depository, shares shall be blocked in the 
Eligible Shareholder’s demat accoun t at source depository during the tendering 
period. Inter depository Tender Offer  (“IDT”) instructions shall be initiated by the 
Eligible Shareholders at s ource depository to clearing member/ Clearing 
Corporation account at target depository. Source depository shall block the 
shareholder’s securities (i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked balance) and 
send IDT message to target depository for confirmi ng creation of lien. Details of 
shares blocked in the shareholder’s demat account shall be provided by the target 
depository to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
20.24.5  For orders placed with respect to dematerialized Equity Shares, by clearing 
members entities who have been allocated a custodian participant code by the 
Clearing Corporation (“ Custodian  Participant ”), early pay -in is mandatory prior to 
confirmation of order by custodian. The custodian shall either confirm or reject the 
orders not later than the closing of trading hours on the last day of the Tendering 
Period . Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. For all 
confirmed Custodian Participant orders, order modification by the concerned Seller 
Member shall revoke the custodian confirmation and the revised order shall be sent 
to the custodian again for confirmation.  
 
20.24.6  Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member(s) shall provide a Transaction Registration 
Slip (“ TRS”) generated by the exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder 
on whose behalf the bid has been placed. The TRS will contain the details of the 
order submitted like bid ID number, application number, DP ID, client ID, number of 
Equity Shares tende red etc.  
 
20.24.7  IT IS CLARIFIED THAT IN CASE OF DEMATERIALIZED EQUITY SHARES, SUBMISSION 
OF THE TENDER FORM AND TRS IS NOT MANDATORY . After the receipt of the 
demat erialised  Equity Shares  by the Clearing Corporation and a valid bid in the 
exchange bidding system, the Buyback shall be deemed to have been accepted, for 
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised  form . 
 
20.24.8  The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the Depository 
participant ( “DP”) account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of return 
of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated Buyback decided by the 
Company . Further, Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the bank 
account attached with the DP account active and updated to receive credit 
remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the Company.   
 
20.25  Procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form  
 
20.25.1  In accordance with SEBI’s circular dated July 31, 2020 (circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/  P/2020/144), shareholders holding Equity Shares in 
physical form are allowed to tender such shares in a buyback undertaken through 
the Tender Offer route. However, such tendering shall be as per the provisions of 
the Buyback Regulations. Nevertheless, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares 
in physical form are urged to have their Equity Shares  dematerialized so as to be 
able to freely transfer them and participat e in corporate actions in a convenient and 
effective manner.   
 
 
67 20.25.2  Eligible Shareholders who are holding Equity Shares  in physical form  and intend to 
participate in the Buyback will be required to approach their respective Seller 
Member along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures to 
be carried out before placement of the bid. Such documents will include the (a) 
Tender Form duly signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case shares are in joint 
names, in the same order in which they hold the shares), (b) original share 
certificate(s), (c) valid share transfer form(s)/  Form SH -4 duly filled and signed by 
the transferors (i.e. , by all registered Shareholders in the same order and as per the 
specimen signatures registered with the Company) and duly witnessed at the 
appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of the Company, (d) self -
attested copy of PAN card(s) of all El igible Shareholders, (e) any other relevant 
documents such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board 
resolution/  specimen signature), notarized copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, if the original shar eholder is deceased, etc., as 
applicable. In addition, if the address of the Eligible Shareholder has undergone a 
change from the address registered in the register of members of the Company, the 
Eligible Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of address 
proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar card, voter 
identity card or passport.   
 
20.25.3  Based on documents mentioned in paragraph 20.25.2 above, the concerned Seller 
Member shall place an order/ bid on behalf of the Eligible Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in physical form who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback, 
using the Acquisit ion Window of the Stock Exchanges. Upon placing the bid, the 
Seller Member shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding system to the 
Eligible Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like folio 
number, certificate number, dist inctive number, number of Equity Shares tendered 
etc. 
 
20.25.4  Any Seller Member/ Eligible Shareholder who places a bid for physical Equity Shares, 
is required to deliver the original share certificate(s) and documents (as mentioned 
above) along with TRS generated by exchange bidding system upon placing of bid, 
either  by speed post or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the Buyback i.e., 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) (at 
the address mentioned on cover page) on or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e., 
Wednesday, June 10, 2026  by 5:00 pm (IST). The envelope should be superscribed 
as “Zydus Lifesciences Limited Buyback 2026 ”. One copy of the TRS will be retained 
by Registrar to the Buyback and it will provide acknowledgement of the same to the 
Seller Member/ Eligible Shareholder.  
 
20.25.5  The Eligible Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical 
Equity Shares will not be accepted unless the complete set of documents are 
submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares  for Buyback by the Company 
shall be subject to verification as per the Buyback Regulations and any further 
directions issued in this regard. The Registrar to the Buyback will verify such bids 
based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such verification, the 
Stock Exchanges  shall displ ay such bids as ‘unconfirmed physical bids’. Once 
Registrar to the Buyback confirms the bids, they will be treated as ‘confirmed bids’ . 
 
20.25.6  In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for 
dematerialization, such Eligible Shareholders should ensure that the process of 
getting the Equity Shares dematerialized is completed well in time so that they can 
participat e in the Buyback before the closure of the tendering period of the 
Buyback.  
 
68  
20.25.7  An unregistered shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form may also tender 
their Equity Shares in the Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer deed 
for transfer of shares, purchased prior to the Record Date, in their name, along with 
the of fer form, copy of their PAN card and of the person from whom they have 
purchased shares and other relevant documents as required for transfer, if any.  
 
20.26  For Equity Shares held by Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity 
Shares (Read with paragraph 17 “Details of Statutory Approvals”):  
 
20.26.1  Eligible Shareholders, being Non -Resident Shareholders of Equity Shares (excluding 
FIIs) shall also enclose a copy of the permission received by them from RBI, if 
applicable, to acquire the Equity Shares held by them.  
 
20.26.2  Eligible Shareholders who are FIIs/FPIs should also enclose a copy of their SEBI 
registration certificate.  
 
20.26.3  In case the Equity Shares are held on repatriation basis, the Non -Resident 
Shareholder shall obtain and enclose a letter from its authorised dealer / bank 
confirming that at the time of acquiring such Equity Shares, payment for the same 
was made by the Non -Resident Shareholder from the appropriate account (e.g., 
NRE a/c.) as specified by RBI in its approval. In case the Non -Resident Shareholder 
is not in a position to produce the said certificate, the Equity Shares would be 
deemed to have been acquired on n on-repatriation basis and in that case the Non -
Resident Shareholder shall submit a consent letter addressed to the Company, 
allowing the Company to make the payment on a non -repatriation basis in respect 
of the valid Equity Shares accepted under the Buybac k.  
 
20.26.4  If any of the above stated documents (as applicable) are not enclosed along with 
the Tender Form, the Equity Shares tendered under the Buyback are liable to be 
rejected.  
 
THE NON RECEIPT OF TH IS LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMISSION TO DISPATCH 
THE LETTER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE SAME TO 
PARTICIPATE IN THE BUYBACK, SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK OFFER IN ANY WAY. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL ACCEPT EQUITY  SHARES VALIDLY TENDERED FOR 
THE BUYBACK OFFER ON THE BASIS OF THEIR HOLDING AND ENTITLEMENT AS APPEARING 
IN THE RECORDS OF THE COMPANY AS ON THE RECORD DATE.  
 
20.27  In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer and the Tender Form:  
 
20.27.1  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold Equity Shares in dematerialized form : If any 
Eligible Shareholder who is holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form and has 
been sent the Letter of Offer through electronic means wishes to obtain a physical 
copy of the Letter of Offer, they may send a request in writing to the Company or 
Registrar at the address or email ID mentioned at the cover page of the Letter of 
Offer stating name, address, number of Equity Shares held on Record Date, client 
ID number, DP name/  ID, beneficiary account number. Upon receipt of such 
request, a physical copy of the Letter of Offer shall be provided to such Eligible 
Shareholder. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by 
downloading the Tender Form from the website s of the Company 
(www.zyduslife.com ), the Manager to the Buyback ( www.icicisecurities.com ), the 
Registrar (www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE 
(www.nseindia.com ) or BSE ( www.bseindia.com ) or by providing his/her/its 
 
69 application in writing on a plain paper, signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of 
joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of 
Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP name, DP ID, 
benefici ary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback.  
 
20.27.2  In case the Eligible Shareholders hold in physical form : An Eligible Shareholder may 
participate in the Buyback by providing his/her/its application in writing on a plain 
paper signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding) stating name, 
address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity  Share certificate 
number, number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive 
numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy of Eligible 
Shareholder’s PAN  card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour of the 
Company. An Eligible Shareholder may participate in the Buyback by downloading 
the Tender Form from the websites of the Company (www.zyduslife.com ), the 
Manager to the Buyback (www.icicisecurities.com ), the Registrar 
(www.in.mpms.mufg.com ), SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in ), NSE (www.nseindia.com ) or 
BSE ( www.bseindia.com ) and must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS 
and requisite documents, reach the Registrar to the Buyback on or before  the 
Buyback Closing Date i.e., Wednes day, June 10 , 2026 by 5:00 pm (IST ). If the 
signature(s) of the Eligible Shareholders provided in the plain paper application 
differs from the specimen signature(s) recorded with the registrar of the  Company 
or are not in the same order (although attested), such Tender Forms are liable to be 
rejected under this Buyback . 
 
Please note that Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback will be 
required to approach their respective Seller Member (along with the complete set of 
documents for verification procedures in case of Equity Shares held in physical form)  and 
have to ensure that their bid is entered by their respective Seller Member in the electronic 
platform to be made available by the Designated Stock Exchange  before the Buyback Closing 
Date.  
 
The Company shall accept Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Shareholder(s) in 
the Buyback on the basis of their shareholding as on the Record Date and the Buyback 
Entitlement. Eligible Shareholder(s) who intend to participate in the Buyback usi ng the 
‘plain paper’ option as mentioned in this paragraph are advised to confirm their Entitlement 
from the Registrar to the Buyback Offer, before participating in the Buyback.  
 
The participation of the Eligible Shareholders in the Buyback is entirely at the discretion of the 
Eligible Shareholders. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any 
Eligible Shareholder to either participate or to not participat e in the Buyback. The Company 
will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share certificate(s) and other documents 
during transit and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest 
in this regard.  
 
20.28  Acceptance of Orders  
 
The Registrar to the Buyback shall provide details of order Acceptance to the Clearing 
Corporation within specified timelines.  
 
20.29  Method of Settlement  
 
Upon finalization of the basis of Acceptance as per Buyback Regulations:  
 
 
70 20.29.1  The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of 
trades in the secondary market.  
 
20.29.2  The Company will pay the consideration to the Company’s Broker who will transfer 
the funds pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s bank accounts as 
per the prescribed schedule. For Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback, the 
Clearing Corp oration will make direct funds payout to respective Eligible 
Shareholders. If the Eligible Shareholders’ bank account details are not available or 
if the funds transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/bank, due to any reason, then 
such funds will be transfe rred to the concerned Seller Member’s settlement bank 
account for onward transfer to such Eligible Shareholders.  
 
20.29.3  For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -
out would be given to their respective Selling Member’s settlement accounts for 
releasing the same to the respective Eligible Shareholder’s account.   
 
20.29.4  In case of certain client types viz. Non -Resident Shareholders (where there are 
specific RBI and other regulatory requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do 
not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be given to their 
respective Se ller Member’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the 
respective Eligible Shareholder’s account. For this purpose, the client type details 
would be collected from the Depositories, whereas funds payout pertaining to the 
bids settled through custo dians will be transferred to the settlement bank account 
of the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by 
the Stock Exchanges  and the Clearing Corporation from time to time.  
 
20.29.5  Details in respect of Eligible Shareholder’s Entitlement for Tender Offer process will 
be provided to the Clearing Corporation by the Company or Registrar to the 
Buyback. On receipt of the same, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted blocked Equity Shares in the demat account of the  Eligible Shareholder. 
On settlement date, all blocked Equity Shares mentioned in the accepted bid will be 
transferred to the Clearing Corporation .  
 
20.29.6  In the case of inter Depository, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or 
unaccepted shares in target Depository. Source Depository will not be able to 
release the lien without a release of IDT message from target Depository. Further, 
release of IDT message shall be sent by target Depository either based on 
cancellation request received from Clearing Corporation or automatically generated 
after matching with bid accepted detail as received from the Company or the 
Registrar to the Buyback. Post receivi ng the IDT message from target Depository, 
source Depository will cancel/  release excess or unaccepted block shares in the 
demat account of the shareholder. Post completion of tendering period and 
receiving the requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted bid quantity, 
source Depository shall debit the securities a s per the communication/  message 
received from target Depository to the extent of accepted bid shares from 
shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Clearing Corporation settlemen t 
account in target Depository on settlement date . 
 
20.29.7  Any excess physical Equity Shares pursuant to proportionate acceptance/rejection 
will be returned to the Shareholders directly by Registrar to the Buyback.  The 
Company is authorized to split the share certificate and issue new consolidated 
share certificate for the unaccepted Equity Shares in case the Equity Shares 
accepted by the Company are less than the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback 
by the Equity S hareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form . 
 
71  
20.29.8  In relation to Equity Shares  held in physical form : (a) If Equity Shares held in physical 
form tendered by Eligible Shareholders are not Accepted, then the Equity Share 
certificate would be returned to such Eligible Shareholders by speed  post or courier 
at the Eligible Shareholders’ sole risk. The Company also encourages Eligible 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form  to dematerialize them . (b) If 
however, only a portion of the Equity Shares held in physical form  by an Eligible 
Shareholder is A ccepted in the Buyback will be returned to the Shareholders directly 
by Registrar to the Buyback.  
 
20.29.9  The Equity Shares bought back in dematerialized form would be transferred directly 
to the demat escrow account of the Company opened for the Buyback (“ Company 
Demat Escrow Account ”) provided it is indicated by the Company’s Broker or it will 
be transferred by the Company’s Broker to the Company Demat Escrow Account on 
receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing and settlement mechanism of the 
Stock Exchanges .  
 
20.29.10  Eligible Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their 
respective Seller Member(s) for details of any cost, applicable taxes, charges and 
expenses (including brokerage) etc., that may be levied by the Seller Member(s) 
upon the selling shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback (secondary 
market transaction). The Buyback consideration received by the Eligible 
Shareholders in respect of accepted Equity Shares could be net of such costs, 
applicable taxes, charges and e xpenses (including brokerage) and the Manager to 
the Buyback and Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional 
cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) incurred solely by the Eligible 
Shareholders.  
 
20.29.11  The Seller Member(s) would issue contract note and pay the consideration for the 
Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback and return the balance unaccepted 
Equity Shares to their respective clients/ will unblock the excess unaccepted Equity 
Shares. The Com pany’s Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for 
the Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback.  
 
20.29.12  The Equity Shares accepted , bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat 
Escrow Account will be extinguished in the manner and following the procedure 
prescribed in the Buyback Regulations.  
 
The Equity Shares accepted, bought and lying to the credit of the Company Demat Escrow 
Account will be extinguished in the manner and following the procedure prescribed in the 
Buyback Regulations.  
 
20.30  Rejection Criteria  
 
The Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Shareholders would be liable to be rejected on the 
following grounds:  
 
20.30.1  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form:  
 
(i) If the Shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the 
Record Date;  
(ii) If there is a name mismatch in the dematerialized  account of the 
Shareholder and PAN ; or 
(iii) There exists any restraint order of a court/any other competent authority 
 
72 for transfer/disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has been 
notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is under 
dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists . 
 
20.30.2  For Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form:  
 
(i) If the documents mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders 
holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on 
or before the Buyback Closing Date i.e.,  Wednes day, June 10 , 2026 by 5:00 
pm (IST) ; 
(ii) If there is any other company’s share certificate enclosed with the Tender 
Form instead of the share certificate of the Company;  
(iii) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares 
are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders;  
(iv) If the Eligible Shareholders bid the Equity Shares but the Registrar does not 
receive the physical share certificate;  
(v) If the PAN cards (self -attested) of the shareholder and all the joint holders, 
are not submitted with the form ; 
(vi) In the event the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -4 do not match 
as per the specimen signature recorded with Company or Registrar;  
(vii) If the shareholder is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the 
Record Date;  
(viii) If there is a name mismatch in the share certificate of the shareholder;  
(ix) If the Eligible Shareholder has made a duplicate bid; or  
(x) Where there exists any restraint order of a court/ any other competent 
authority for transfer/ disposal/ sale or where loss of share certificates has 
been notified to the Company or where the title to the Equity Shares is 
under dispute or otherwise not cle ar or where any other restraint subsists.  
 
21. NOTE ON TAXATION  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE BASED ON THE 
CURRENT PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX LAWS OF INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, 
WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR MODIFICATI ON BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, 
REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD HAVE 
DIFFERENT TAX IMPLICATIONS ON THESE TAX CONSIDERATIONS.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARIZED NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES, SHAREHOLDERS ARE 
REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS 
INCLUDING THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN 
THEIR CASE, AND THE APPROPRIAT E COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE.  
 
WE DO NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF THIS TAX 
SUMMARY AND THERE CAN BE NO LIABILITY ON US. IF ANY ACTION IS TAKEN BY THE 
SHAREHOLDER SOLELY BASED ON THIS TAX SUMMARY. THEREFORE, SHAREHOLDERS 
CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND TH E SUMMARY TAX IMPLICATIONS RELATING TO THE 
TREATMENT OF INCOME TAX IN THE CASE OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON THE 
STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR 
GUIDANCE PURPOSES ONLY.  
 
21.1 GENERAL  
 
 
73 The Indian tax year runs from April 1 to March 31. The basis of charge of Indian income -tax 
depends upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. A person who is a tax 
resident of India is liable to taxation in India on his worldwide incom e, subject to certain 
prescribed tax exemptions provided under the Income Tax  Act, 2025 (“IT Act”). 
 
A person who is treated as a non -resident for Indian tax purposes is generally liable to tax in 
India only on his / her Indian sourced income or income received by such person in India.   
 
In case of shares of a company, the source of income from shares would depend on the “situs” 
of the shares. As per IT Act and Judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is where 
company is “incorporated” and where its shares can be transferred. Accordingly, since the 
Company is incorporated in India, the shares of the Company would be “situated” in India and 
any gains arising to a non -resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India under 
the IT Act subject to any specific exempt ion in this regard. Further, the non -resident can avail 
the beneficial tax treatment prescribed under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement 
(“DTAA ”), as modified by the Multilateral Instrument (“ MLI”), if the same is applicable to the 
relevant DTAA between India and the respective country of which the said shareholder is tax 
resident.   
 
The above benefit may be available subject to satisfying relevant conditions prescribed under 
IT Act including but not limited to availability of Tax Residency Certificate, non -applicability of 
General Anti -Avoidance Rule (“ GAAR ”) and providing and maintaining necessary information 
and documents as prescribed under the IT Act as well as satisfying the relevant conditions 
under the respective DTAA including anti -abuse measures under the MLI, if applicable.  
 
21.2 CLASSIFICATION OF SHAREHOLDERS  
 
Section 6 of the IT Act  determines the residential status of an assessee. Accordingly, 
shareholders can be classified broadly in two categories as below:  
 
21.2.1  Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) Individuals, Hindu Undivided Family (“ HUF ”), Association of Persons 
(“AOP”), Body of Individuals (“ BOI”), Firm and Limited Liability Partnership 
(“LLP”) 
(ii) Others (corporate bodies):  
o Company  
o Other than Company  
 
21.2.2  Non -Resident Shareholders being:  
 
(i) Non -Resident Indians (NRIs)  
(ii) Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)  
(iii) Others:  
o Foreign Company  
o Foreign non -corporate shareholders Other than Company  
 
21.3 INCOME TAX PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON 
RECOGNISED STOCK EXCHANGE  
 
As per the provisions of Section 69 of the IT Act :  
 
 
74 21.3.1  If a shareholder or a holder of other specified securities receives any consideration 
from any company for the purchase of its own shares or other specified securities 
held by such shareholder or holder of other specified securities, then, subject to the 
provisions of Section 72, the difference between the cost of acquisition and the 
value of consideration so received shall be deemed to be the “Capital gains” arising 
to such shareholder or the holder of other specified securities, as the case may be, 
in the year in which the company purchases the shares or other specified securities . 
 
21.3.2  In respect of capital gains referred to in sub -section (1)  of Section 69 , where a 
company purchases its own shares or other specified securities in accordance with 
the provisions of section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013  and the shareholder or 
holder of other specified securities is a promoter, the aggregate income -tax payable 
on such capital gains shall be  - 
 
(i) the income -tax payable on such capital gains in accordance with the 
provisions of this IT Act; and  
(ii)  an additional income  tax in respect of capital gains specified in column B of 
the Table below, computed at the rate specified in column C or column D 
of the said Table.  
 
No 
(A) Income (B)  Rate, where the 
promoter is a domestic 
company (C)  Rate, where the promoter 
is other than a domestic 
company (D)  
1 Short -term capital gains 
referred to in Section 196 
of the IT Act arising from 
the transfer of such 
securities.  2% 10%  
2 Long -term capital gains 
referred to in Section 197 
or Section 198 of the IT 
Act arising from the 
transfer of such 
securities.  9.50%  17.50%  
(plus, applicable surcharge and cess as notified).  
 
21.3.3  For the purposes  of this section,  – 
 
(i) in the case of a company whose shares are listed on a recognized stock 
exchange  in India, ‘promoter’ shall have the same meaning as assigned to it 
in regulation 2(k) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 made under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992;  
(ii)  in any other case, “promoter” means, – (a) a “promoter” as defined in 
section 2(69)  of the Companies  Act, 2013; or  (b) a person who holds, 
directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the shareholding in the company ; 
(iii) “specified securities” shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in 
Explanation 1 to section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013 . 
 
21.4 TAX DEDUCTION AT SOURCE  
 
 
75 For Resident Shareholders , the company is not required to deduct any Tax at Source .  
 
For Non –resident shareholders, the Company is required to deduct tax at source on payment 
made  to Non–resident, if such payment is chargeable  to tax in India under the provisions of 
the IT Act, at the time of payment or credit whichever is earlier, at the rates in force.  
 
The term “rates in force” is defined under section 2(90) of the IT Act to include rates specified 
under the Finance Act for the relevant year or the rates specified under the double taxation 
avoidance agreement  with the respective countries. In this regard, the Finance Act, 2026 
provides rates in force on capital gain (Consideration received on the buyback less cost of 
acquisition) as below:  
 
Sl. 
No 
(A) Income (B)  Promoters 
Rates in force 
(C) Additional tax  Total  Non -
promoters 
(D) Rates 
in force  
1 Short term Capital 
gain referred in 
Section 196 of the IT 
Act arising from the 
transfer of such 
securities  20%  10%  30%  20%  
2 Long term Capital gain 
referred in Section 
197 or Section 198 of 
the IT Act arising from 
the transfer of such 
securities  12.50%  17.50%  30%  12.50%  
(plus, applicable surcharge and cess as notified).  
 
However,  section 159(8) of the IT Act provides that in order to be eligible to claim the relief 
under a DTAA, a non -resident will need to provide a T ax Residency Certificate (‘ TRC’ ) issued  
by the relevant foreign government. Further, Income tax Rules, 2026 also prescribes to 
maintain following to avail benefits under the relevant DTAA:   
 
a) Copy of the PAN card allotted  by the Indian income tax authorities duly attested  by the 
shareholders or details as prescribed  rule 158 under  the Income -tax Rules, 2026 in 
absence of PAN Card.  
b) Copy of the TRC for financial year 2026 -27 obtained from the revenue or tax authorities 
of the country of tax residence, duly attested by shareholders/authorized signatory . 
c) Electronic Form 41 can be obtained electronically through the e -filing portal of the 
income tax website at https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/ . 
d) Self-declaration by the shareholders of having no permanent establishment in India in 
accordance with the applicable tax treaty  (DTAA).  
e) Self-declaration of beneficial ownership of equity shares by the non -resident shareholder  
f) Self-declaration of fulfilling all conditions of tax treaty for being eligible to claim benefit 
of the tax treaty (DTAA) read with Multilateral Instrument (MLI).  
g) Any other documents as prescribed under the IT Act for lower withholding of taxes, if 
applicable, duly attested by the shareholders.  
 
 
76 Kindly note that  any relief in withholding tax rate is subject to the DTAA provisions applicable , 
and would depend on the documents submitted.  
 
Non -resident shareholders may also provide a Lower Tax Deduction Certificate (LTDC) issued 
by the Income Tax Department under Section 395 of the IT Act, which  authorizes company to 
deduct with holding tax  at a lower rate instead of the standard prescribed rate under IT Act. 
 
The non-resident shareholders need to consult their tax advisors with regard to availability of 
such a tax credit.  
 
21.5 SECURITIES TRANSACTION TAX  
 
Since the Buyback of shares shall take place through the settlement mechanism of the Stock 
Exchange, Securities Transaction Tax will be applicable at the applicable rate.  
 
CAVEAT:  
 
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS AS ABOVE IS BASED ON THE CURRENT 
PROVISIONS OF THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR 
MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR 
JUDICIAL DECISIONS.  
 
IN VIEW OF THE SPECIFIC NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES, SHAREHOLDERS WHO ARE NOT 
TAX RESIDENTS OF INDIA ARE REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE 
APPLICABLE TAX AND THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE 
CONSIDERING THE PROVISIONS OF T HE RELEVANT COUNTRY OR STATE TAX LAW AND 
PROVISIONS OF DTAA WHERE APPLICABLE.  
 
22. DECLARATION FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
 
Declaration as required by clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I  of the Buyback 
Regulations :  
 
22.1 The Board confirm s that there are no defaults subsisting in the repayment of any deposits 
(including  interest payable thereon ), redemption of debentures or preference shares , 
payment of dividend or repayment of any term loans to any financial institution or banks 
(including interest payable thereon),  as the case may be.  
 
As required by Clause (x) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations, the  Board has confirmed 
that it has made full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed an 
opinion, that:  
 
(i) immediately following the date of the Board Meeting , there will be no grounds on which 
the Company could  be found unable to pay its debts, if any;  
 
(ii) as regards to the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of 
Board Meeting, and having regard  to the Board’s intention with respect to the 
management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and 
character of the financial resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the 
Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when 
they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of 1 (one) year from the 
date of the Board Meeting; and  
 
 
77 (iii) in forming its opinion aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including 
prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 20 16, as 
applicable.  
 
This declaration is made and issued under the authority of the Board of Directors in terms of 
the resolution passed at the meeting held on Tuesday , May 19 , 2026. 
 
23. STATUTORY AUDITOR’S REPORT   
 
The text of the report dated  May 19 , 2026  of Deloitte Haskins & Sells  LLP, Chartered 
Accountants, the Statutory Auditor  of the Company, addressed to the Board of Directors of 
the Company is reproduced below:  
 
Quote  
 
To,  
The Board of Directors,  
Zydus Lifesciences Limited  
Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme No. 63,  
Survey No. 536, Khoraj (Gandhinagar),  
Sarkhej - Gandhinagar Highway, Near Vaishnodevi Circle,  
Ahmedabad - 382 481,  
Gujarat, India   
 
Re: Statutory Auditor's Report in respect of proposed buy -back of equity shares by Zydus 
Lifesciences Limited (“the Company") in terms of Clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as  amended (“the Buy -back 
Regulations”)  
 
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated May 14, 2026.  
 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company have approved a proposal for buyback  of Equity Shares 
by the Company at its meeting  held on May 19, 2026 , in pursuance of the provisions of Sections 
68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”) and the Buyback  Regulations.  
 
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on the 
accompanying “ Statement  of Permissible Capital Payment  based on annual audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements for the year ended  and as at March 31, 2026” (‘Annexure 
A’) (hereinafter referred to as the “Statement”). This Statement has been prepared by the 
Management, which we have stamped  for the purposes  of identification  only . 
 
Management's Responsibility  
 
4. The preparation of the Statement in compliance with the proviso to Section 68(2)( b) of the Act and 
the proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback  Regulations and compliance with the Buyback  
Regulations, is the responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the computation of 
the amount of the permissible capital payment , the preparation and maintenance of all accounting 
and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, 
implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the Stateme nt and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making estimates that are 
reasonable in the circumstances.  
 
 
78 5. As the Buyback Regulations and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has 
applied the guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial 
Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company’s ability to c ontinue as a going concern 
for a period of one year from May 19, 2026. The Board of Directors are responsible to make a full 
inquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and to form an opinion as specified in (x) of 
Schedule I to the SEBI Buyba ck Regulations and that the Company will not, having regard to its state 
of affairs, be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from May 19, 2026 (date of passing of the 
Board Meeting resolution).  
 
Auditor's Responsibility  
 
6. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback  Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a 
reasonable assurance that:  
 
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs  of the Company in relation to the annual audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended and as at March 31, 2026  which 
were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on May 19, 2026;  
 
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment as stated in Annexure A , has been properly determined 
considering the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
and as at March 31, 2026  in accordance with the proviso to Section 68(2)( b) of the Act and the proviso 
to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback  Regulations; and  
 
iii. the Board of Directors of the Company, in their meeting held on May 19, 2026  have formed the 
opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback  Regulations, on reasonable grounds  and 
that the Company will not, having regard to its state of affairs, be rendered insolvent (as defined in 
management responsibility above) within a period of one year from the aforesaid date with regard to 
the proposed buyback is approved at Board meeting . 
 
7. The annual standalone and consolidated financial statements referred to in paragraph 6 above, 
have been audited by us , on which we have issued an unmodified audit opinion in our reports each 
dated  May 19, 2026 . We conducted our audit of the annual standalone and consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Act 
and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Cha rtered Accountants 
of India. Those Standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Our audit was not planned 
and performed in connection with any transactions to identify matters that may be of potential 
interest to third parties.  
 
8. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”) and Standards on Audit ing specified under Section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this report . The Guidance Note 
requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Ac countants of India.  
 
9. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control 
(SQC)  1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, 
and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements. Further our examination did not extend to 
any other parts and aspects of a legal or proprietary nature i n the aforesaid Buyback . 
 
Opinion  
 
 
79 10. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that:  
 
i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its annual audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements for the year ended and as at March 31, 2026 , which have been 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in  their meeting held on May 19, 2026.  
 
ii. The amount of permissible capital payment towards the proposed buy back of equity shares as 
computed in the Statement attached herewith, as Annexure A, in our view has been properly 
determined in accordance with the proviso to Section 68(2)( b) of the Act and the proviso to Regulation 
5(i)(b) of the Buyback  Regulations.  
 
iii. The Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting held on May 19, 2026  have formed their  
opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback  Regulations, on reasonable grounds  and 
that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent (as defined in 
management  responsibility above) within a period of one year from the date of passing the Board 
Resolution dated May 19, 2026 . 
 
Restrictions  on use  
 
11. This report has been issued at the request of the Company  solely for use of the Company  
 
(i) in connection with the proposed buyback  of equity shares of the Company as mentioned in 
paragraph 2 above; and 
 
(ii) to enable the Board of Directors of the Company to include in the Letter of offer  and other 
documents pertaining to buyback  to be filed with  
 
a. the Registrar of Companies, Securities and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges , and 
any other regulatory authority as per applicable law ; and] 
 
b. the Central Depository Services (India) Limited , National Securities Depository Limited and  
 
c. to share with the Manager to Buyback offer  in connection with the proposed buyback  of 
equity shares of the Company for onward submission to relevant authorities in pursuance to 
the provisions of Section 68  and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback 
Regulations , and may not be suitable for any other purpose.  
 
This report should not be used for any other purpose without our prior written consent. Accordingly, 
we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other 
person to whom this report  is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in 
writing.   
 
For DELOITTE HASKINS & SELLS LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W -100018)  
 
 
Kartikeya Raval  
(Partner)  
(Membership No .) 
UDIN: 26106189PIKBAE7266  
Place: May 19, 2026  
Date:  Ahmedabad  
 
80  
Annexure A  
 
Computation of amount of permissible capital payment towards buy -back of equity shares of 
Zydus Lifesciences Limited in compliance with Section 68(2)( B) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”)  and read with proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India ( Buy-Back of Securities)  Regulations, 2018, as amended , based on annual audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2026 . 
 
(In INR Million)  
 
Note:  
1) The amounts of paid up equity capital and free reserves as at March 31, 2026  have been 
extracted from the annual audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of 
the Company as at March 31, 2026  which was approved by the Board of Directors at the 
Board Meeting held on May 19, 2026 . 
2) As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy -Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended and the Act do not define the term “insolvent”, the Company has applied the 
guidance provided in paragraphs 25 and 26 of Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financia l 
Statements, which relate to the assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern for a period of one year from May 19, 2026 as well as for a period of one 
year immediately following the date of passing of the Board Meeting resolution.  
 
For & behalf of Board of Directors of  
Zydus Lifesciences Limited  
 
 
Name: Mr  Tushar Shroff  
Designation: Group CFO  
Place: Ahmedabad  
Date:  May 19, 2026  
 
Unquote  
 
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION  
 Particulars   Standalone  Consolidated  
Paid up equity capital as at March 31, 
2026  (A) 1,006 1,006 
Free Reserves as at March 31, 2026 :    
- Retained earnings   2,12,370  2,84,879  
- Securities premium  reserve   - - 
- General reserve   - 372 
Total Free Reserves  (B) 2,12,370  2,85,251  
Total paid up equity capital and free 
reserves  C = 
(A+B)  2,13,376  2,86,257  
Maximum amount permissible for buy -
back under Section 68 (2)(b)  of the Act and 
proviso to Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buy -
back Regulations, i.e. 10% of the total paid 
up capital and free reserves    C * 
10% 21,338  28,626  
Maximum amount permissible for buyback 
lower  of Standalone  and Consolidated 
amounts   21,338  
 
81 Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the registered office of 
the Company at Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme  No. 63, Survey No. 536, Khoraj (Gandhinagar), 
Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, S.G. Highway , Ahmedabad - 382 481, Gujarat, India  from Monday to 
Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm (IST)  on all Working Days except public holidays  
during the Offer Period:  
 
24.1 Copies of the certificate of incorporation , Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company ; 
 
24.2 Copies of the annual reports of the Company for the financial year s ended March 31, 2026, 
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024; 
 
24.3 Copy of the resolution passed by the Board of Directors at the meeting held on May 19 , 202 6 
approving proposal for Buyback;  
 
24.4 Copy of the report dated May 19 , 2026 of Deloitte Haskins & Sells  LLP, Chartered Accountants, 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company , in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Buyback 
Regulations;  
 
24.5 Copy of the Public Announcement  dated May 20 , 2026  and published in the newspapers on 
May 21 , 202 6 regarding the Buyback ; 
 
24.6 Copy of the Addendum to the Public Announcement dated May 27, 2026 and published in the 
newspapers on May 28, 2026  regarding the Buyback ; 
 
24.7 Copy of declaration of solvency and an affidavit in form SH -9 as prescribed under Section 68(6) 
of the Companies Act;  
 
24.8 Copy of Escrow Agreement dated May 2 2, 2026 between the Company , the Escrow Agent and 
the Manager to the Buyback;  
 
24.9 Letter  from Escrow Agent dated  May 22, 2026 , that the Escrow Account in the name of ‘ Zydus 
Lifesciences  Limited  Buyback 2026  Escrow Account ’ has been opened  and funded .  
 
24.10  Certificate dated May 19 , 2026  of Mukesh  M. Shah & Co. , Chartered Accountants  (Firm 
registration number: 106625W) , confirming  that the Company has adequate and firm financial 
resources  to fulfil  the obligations under the Buyback ; and 
 
24.11  Note on taxation, dated  May 19, 2026  obtained by the Company from  Mukesh  M. Shah & Co.,  
Chartered Accountants.  
 
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
The Company has designated the following as the Compliance Officer for the Buyback:  
 
Name : Dhaval N. Soni  
Designation : Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Address : Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme No. 63, Survey No. 536, Khoraj 
(Gandhinagar), Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, S.G. Highway , Ahmedabad - 382 
481, Gujarat, India  
Tel. no.: +91 79 48040338  
Email : dhavalsoni@zyduslife.com   
 
In case of any clarifications or to address investor grievance, the shareholders may contact 
the Compliance Officer, from Monday to Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm (IST)  on 
 
82 all Working Days except public holidays, at the above -mentioned address .  
 
26. DETAILS OF REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS  
 
26.1 In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (including non -receipt of the Buyback 
consideration,  share certificate, demat credit, etc.), the Eligible Shareholders can approach 
the Compliance Officer and/or Manager to the Buyback and/or Registrar to the Buyback for 
redressal .  
 
26.2 If the Company makes any default in complying with the requirements under the Companies 
Act or any rules made thereunder as may be applicable to the Buyback, the Company or any 
officer of the Company who is in default shall be liable in terms of the Compan ies Act.  
 
26.3 The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:  
 
Registrar of Companies, Ahmedabad  
ROC Bhavan,  Opp Rupal Park Society,  Behind Ankur Bus Stop  
Naranpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380013  
 
27. DETAILS OF THE INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE   
 
In case of any query, the Eligible Shareholders may also contact the Registrar to the Buyback 
appointed as the Investor Service Centre for the purposes of the Buyback, from Monday to 
Friday between 10:00 am (IST) to 5:00 pm  (IST)  on all Working Days except public holidays, at 
the address at the following address : 
 
 
 
 
 
  MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) 
Address: C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg, 
Vikhroli (West ), Mumbai – 400083, ( Maharashtra ), India  
Tel. no.: +91 810 811 4949 ; Fax no .: +91 22 49186060  
Contact person: Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan  
Email : zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Investor Grievance Email: 
zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com  
SEBI registration no.:  INR000004058  
 
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK  
 
The Company has appointed the following as Manager to the Buyback:  
 
 
 
  ICICI Securities Limited  
Address:  ICICI Venture House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg  
Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400025, Maharashtra, India  
Tel. no.:  +91 22 6807 7100; Fax no.: + 91 22 6807 7801  
Contact person:  Ramesh Vaswana / Tanya Tiwari  
Email:  zll.buyback@icicisecu rities.com  
SEBI  registration no.:  INM000011179  
Validity period : Permanent  
 
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS  
 

 
83 In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board  accepts full responsibility 
for all the information contained in this Letter of Offer  and confirms that this Letter of Offer 
contains  and will contain true, factual and material information and does not contain  any 
misleading information . This Letter of Offer is issued under the authority of the Board and in 
terms of the resolution passed by the Board on May 19 , 202 6.  
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Zydus Lifesciences  Limited  
 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
 
Pankaj R. Patel  
Chairman  
DIN:  00131852   
Sharvil P. Patel  
Managing Director  
DIN:  00131995   
Dhaval N. Soni  
Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer  
Membership No .: F7063  
 
Date : May 31 , 2026  
Place :  Ahmedabad
 
 TENDER FORM  
 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
(FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM)  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  Thursday, June 4 , 202 6 
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  Wednesday, June 10 , 202 6 
 For Registrar use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
     
    
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
  Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
  Foreign Co   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
  Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
  VCF  Partnership/LLP   Others (Specify)  
  Mutual Funds   Other QIBs   Other NIIs  
 India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
 
 Resident in India   Non-Resident in 
India   Resident of 
_____________  
(Shareholder to fill 
country of residence)  
To, 
The Board of Directors,  Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
C/o. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited )   Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign Investment Scheme  
C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083, (Maharashtra), India   
 
Tel.: +91 810 811 4949; Fax: +91 22 49186060  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated May 31 , 202 6 in relation to the buyback of not exceeding 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity Shares 
of Zydus Lifesciences Limited (hereinafter referred  to as “the Company”) at a price of INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  per Equity 
Share (“Buyback Price”) payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
 
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated May 31 , 202 6 issued by the Company) hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the Buyback 
on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the 
Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby affirm that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all l iens, equitable interest, charges and 
encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other order(s) / covenants of any nature which limits / restrict s in any manner my / our right to tender Equity 
Shares for Buyback and that I / we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity S hares for Buyback.  
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of documents and that th e consideration will be paid as per the 
secondary market mechanism.  
6. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of  return of Equity Shares due to rejection or 
due to prorated Buyback decided by the Company. Further, Eligible Shareholders will ha ve to ensure that they keep the bank account attached with the DP account active 
and updated to receive credit remittance due to acceptance of Buyback of shares by the Company.  
7. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provis ions of Buyback Regulations and circulars issued 
by SEBI.  
8. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
9. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my/our tender/offer and agree to 
abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordanc e with the Companies Act, and the rules made thereunder and the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the extant applicable foreign exchange regulations.  
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give e ffect to my / our tender / offer and agree 
to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accor dance with the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and any other applicable 
laws.  
11. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is on me/us. I / We agree  to compute gains on this transaction and 
immediately pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our cu stodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
12. I / We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us o n buyback of shares. I / We also undertake 
to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxabili ty of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the Company, copy of tax return 
filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for.  
13. Non-Resident Shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs, FPI, Foreign Nationals and FIIs) are requested to enclose a consent letter indic ating the details of transfer i.e., number of 
Equity Shares to be transferred, the name of the investee company whose shares ar e being transferred i.e., “Zydus Lifesciences Limited” and the price at which the Equity 
Shares are being transferred i.e., “Price determined in accordance with the Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the Sharehold er or his/its duly appointed agent and in the 
latter case, also enclose the power of attorney.  
14. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(May 29 , 202 6)   
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback 
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback 
(Including Additional Shares, if any)    
 
 
 Note : An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares vali dly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder 
up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full e xtent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering S hares and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer. 
Equi ty Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder a s on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
 
15. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the Eq uity Shareholder.  
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 
ACKNOWLEDG EMENT SLIP: ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER  
(To be filled by the Eligible Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
DP ID   Client ID   
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs.   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In 
Figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Client ID No. & DP ID No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Stock Broker  
 
16. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):  
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is applicable)   NSDL   CDSL  
Name of the Depository Participant   
DP ID No.   
Client ID No. with the DP   
  
17. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) Of the Holder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity 
Shareholder   Email ID of 
Sole/First 
Equity 
Shareholder   
* Non -individual Shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant authorization should be enclosed  with the application form submitted.  
 
18. Applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders only:  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback accordance with prevailing income tax law s in India. I / We also undertake 
to indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback of  shares by me / us.  
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any, and to the extent required from the concern ed authorities 
including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“ FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations 
framed thereunder, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA 
and any other rules, regulations and guidel ines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS  
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
1. This Buyback will open on Thursday, June 4 , 202 6 and close on Wednesday, June 10 , 202 6. 
2. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
3. Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the dematerialized form under the Buyback would have to do so through their respective Seller 
Member by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback offer.   
4. Eligible  Shareholders may submit their duly filled Tender Form to the office of Registrar to the Buyback Offer (as mentioned in paragr aph 20 ( Procedure for Tendering 
Shares and Settlement)  of the Letter of Offer) only post placing the bid via the Seller Member.  
5. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process of getting the successor 
company as the registered Shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy of the following documents: (i) Approval 
from the appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) The scheme of merger; and (iii) The requisite form filed with MCA intima ting the merger.  
6. The Buyback shall be rejected for Shareholders in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents, but non -receipt of Shares in the special 
account of the Clearing Corporation or a non -receipt of valid bid in the exchange bidding system.  
7. The shares in the Offer would be liable to be rejected if (i) the tenderer is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as o n the Record Date (ii) if there is a name and 
PAN mismatch in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder (iii) in the event of n on-receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents from the Eligible 
Shareholders who were holding shares in physical form as on the Record Date and have placed their bid in dematerialized form.  
8. The Eligible Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the DP Account active and unblocked to receive credit in case of  return of Equity Shares due to rejection 
or due to prorated Buyback as may be decided by the Company / Registrar to the Buyback, i n accordance with the Buyback Regulations.  
9. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Offer is made are free to tender shares to the extent of their Entitlement in whole or in p art or in excess of their Entitlement, but 
not exceeding their holding as on Record Date.  
10. For the procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback, please refer to paragraph 20 ( Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) 
of the Letter of Offer.  
11. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to safeguard adequat ely their interests in this regard.  
12. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including the Non -Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory / 
statutory filings and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of Form  FC-TRS. Further, by agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each 
Eligible Shareholder hereby (a) authorises the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if ne cessary, to be undertaken by the Company, 
for making any regulato ry / statutory filings and compliances on behalf of such Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance to the Company 
for making any such regulatory / statutory filings and compliances.   
 
 13. Non-Resident Shareholders must obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned au thorities including approvals 
from the RBI under FEMA and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, for tendering Equity Sha res in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the 
reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittanc e of funds outside India.  
14. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the Buyback by providing their  application in plain paper 
in writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of Equity Shares held as on the 
Record Date, Client ID number, DP Name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buybac k. 
15. Eligible Sellers have to fill up the EVENT number issued by Deposit ory in the column for settlement details along with the market type as “Buyback”, ISIN, Quantity of 
shares and CM BP ID of broker and execution date in the Delivery Instruction Slips (DIS) so that Equity Shares can be tendere d for Buyback Offer  
16. For the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in demat form, the Tender Form and TRS is not required to be submitted to  the Company, Manager or the 
Registrar. After the receipt of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form by the Clearing Corporation a nd a valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the Buyback 
shall be deemed to have been accepted for the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form.  
 
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line ---------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THE FOL LOWING 
ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:  
Investor Service Centre: Zydus Lifesciences Limited - Buyback offer  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly Link Intime India Private Limited )  
C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg,  
Vikhroli (West ), Mumbai – 400083 ,  
(Maharashtra ), India  
Contact Person : Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan; Tel: +91 810 811 4949 ; Fax: +91 22 4918 6060;  
E-mail : zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com ; Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com ;  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000004058    
 
 FORM OF ACCEPTANCE -CUM -ACKNOWLEDGEMENT (FOR ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM)  
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are requested to refer to paragraph 20.25 of the Letter of Offer  titled ‘Procedure to be followed by Eligible 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form’, for details regarding permissib ility of acceptance of Equity Shares held in physical form and for details regarding the 
procedure for tendering, before submitting the Tender Form and Securities Transfer Form with respect to Equity Shares held in  physical form.  
 
Bid Number:  BUYBACK OPENS ON  Thursday, June 4 , 202 6 
Date:  BUYBACK CLOSES ON  Wednesday, June 10 , 202 6 
 For Registrar use  
 Inward No.  Date  Stamp  
     
    
 Status (please tick appropriate box)  
  Individual   FII/FPI   Insurance Co  
  Foreign Co   NRI/OCB   FVCI  
  Body Corporate   Bank/FI   Pension/PF  
  VCF  Partnership/LLP   Others (Specify)  
 India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box  
 
 Resident in India   Non-Resident in India   Resident of 
_____________  
(Shareholder to fill 
country of residence)  
To, 
The Board of Directors,  
ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)  
C/o. . MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited )  Portfolio Investment Scheme   Foreign Investment Scheme  
C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083, (Maharashtra), India  
Tel.: +91 810 811 4949; Fax: +91 22 49186060  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Letter of Offer dated May 31 , 2026  in relation to the buyback of not exceeding 87,30,158 (eighty seven lakh thirty thousand one hundred and fifty eight)  Equity 
Shares of Zydus Lifesciences Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) at a price of INR 1,260/ - (Indian Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred and Sixty only)  
per Equity Share (“Buyback Price”) payable in cash (the “Buyback”)  
 
1. I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated May 31 , 202 6 issued by the Company) hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the 
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.  
2. I / We authorize the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to the Reg istrar to the Buyback to extinguish the 
Equity Shares.  
3. I / We hereby affirm that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all l iens, equitable interest, charges and 
encumbrance.  
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits / restricts in any ma nner my/ our right to tender Equity Shares 
for Buyback and that I / we am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Bu yback.  
5. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provis ions of Buyback Regulations and circulars 
issued by SEBI.  
6. I / We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback where loss of share certificates  has been notified to the Company.  
7. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of the documents and tha t the consideration will be paid as per 
secondary market mechanism to first named Eligible Shareholder.  
8. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.  
9. I / We authorize the Company to split the Share Certificate and issue new consolidated Share Certificate for the unaccepted E quity Shares in case the Equity Shares 
accepted by the Company are less than the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback.  
10. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give such further assurances that may be required or expedient to give effect to my/our tender/ offer and 
agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accorda nce with the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and any other 
applicable laws.  
11. I / We acknowledge that the responsibility to discharge the tax due on any gains arising on buyback is on me/us. I / We agree  to compute gains on this transaction 
and immediately pay applicable taxes in India and file tax return in consultation with our cu stodians/ authorized dealers/ tax advisors appropriately.  
12. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on  buyback of shares. I / We also 
undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non -taxabilit y of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the Company, copy 
of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for.   
13. Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are advised to get their shares dematerialized before tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.  
14.  Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:  
Particulars  In Figures  In Words  
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date 
(May 29 , 202 6)   
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback  
(Buyback Entitlement)    
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback  
(including Additional Shares, if any)    
Note:  An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares validl y tendered by any Eligible Shareholder 
up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full ex tent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the 
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 20 (Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) of the Letter of Offer. 
Equit y Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as  on the Record Date shall not be 
considered for the purpose of Acceptance.  
15. Details of Share Certificate(s) enclosed:      Total No. of Share Certificates Submitted:  
Sr. No.  Folio No.  Share Certificate No.  Distinctive No(s)  No. of Shares  
 
    From  To  
      
      
Total    
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 3 nos., Please attach a separate sheet giving details in the same format as above.  
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ACKNOWLEDG EMENT SLIP: ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER  
(To be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (Subject to verification)  
Folio No.   
Received from Mr./ Ms./Mrs.   
Form of Acceptance -cum -Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:  
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In figures)   (in words)   
Please quote Folio No. for all future correspondence  Stamp of Broker  
 
16. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):  
Name of the Bank  Branch and City  IFSC and MICR Code  Account Number (indicate type of account)  
    
17. Details of other Documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:  
 Power of Attorney   Previous RBI approvals for acquiring the Equity Shares hereby tendered in the Buyback  
 Death Certificate   Succession Certificate  
 Self-attested copy of PAN   Corporate authorisations  
 TRS  Others (please specify)  
. 
18. Equity Shareholders Details:  
Particulars  First/Sole Holder  Joint Holder 1  Joint Holder 2  Joint Holder 3  
Full Name(s) Of the Holder      
Signature(s)*      
PAN      
Address of the Sole/First Equity Shareholder   
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity Shareholder   Email ID of Sole/First  
 Equity Shareholder   
* Non-individual Shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign. The relevant authorisation should be enclosed with the application form submitted.  
 
19. Applicable for all Non -Resident Shareholders  
• I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback and taxable in accordance with prevailing  income tax laws in India within 
7th day of the succeeding months in which the Shares are bought back by the Company. I / We also u ndertake to indemnify the Company against any income tax 
liability on any income earned on such Buyback of shares by me / us.  
• I / We, being a Non -Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any, and to the extent required from the concern ed authorities 
including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (the “FEMA Regulations”) and the rules 
and regulations framed thereunder, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reportin g requirements, if applicable, 
under the FEMA Regulations and any other r ules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS  
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form  
1. This Buyback will open on Thursday, June 4 , 202 6 and close on Wednesday, June 10 , 202 6. 
2. This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Le tter of Offer and this Tender Form.  
3. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this Buyback Offer should submit the following do cuments to their Seller Member, who in 
turn would deliver the said documents along with the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) to the Registrar; the documents should be sent to the Registrar only after the 
placement of a valid bid; non -submission of the below mentioned documents directly to the Registrar shall result in the rejection of the tendered Equity Sh ares: (i) The 
Tender Form  duly signed (by all Equity Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) the same order in which they hold the shares. (ii)  Original share certificates (iii) 
Valid share transfer form(s) (SH -4) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all reg istered Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen signatures 
registered with the Company / Registrar) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favour of th e Company (iv) Self -attested copy of the 
Permanent Account Nu mber (PAN) Card (by all Eligible Shareholders in case shares are in joint names). (v) Any other relevant documents such as (b ut not limited to): 
Duly attested Power of Attorney if any person other than the Equity Shareholder has signed the relevant Tender Form, Notarized copy of death certificate and succession 
certificate or probated will, as applicable, if the original Shareholder has deceased, Necessary corporate authorisations, su ch as Board Resolutions etc., in case of 
companies. (vi) In addition to th e above, if the address of the Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the Register of Members of t he 
Company, the Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the followin g documents: valid Aadhar Card, 
Voter Identity Card or Passport.  
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect b ut the process of getting the successor 
company as the registered Shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form file a copy of the following documents: (i) Approval from the 
appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger and (iii) the requisite form filed with MCA intimating the m erger.  
5. Eligible Shareholders whom the Buyback Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their Entitlement in w hole or in part or in excess of their 
Entitlement, but not exceeding the number of Shares held by them as on Record Date.  
6. All documents / remittances sent by or to Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk and the Eligible Shareholders are a dvised to adequately safeguard their interests 
in this regard.  
7. In case of non -receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the offer by providing their a pplication in plain paper in 
writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name, a ddress, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity Share certificate number, 
number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share cer tificate(s), copy of Eligible Shareholder’s 
PAN card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour of the Company. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite 
documents, reach the Registrar to the Buyback on or before the Buyback Closing Date, i.e., Wednesd ay, June 10 , 202 6 by 5:00 pm (IST).   
8. For procedure followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering shares in the buyback offer, please refer to paragraph 20 ( Procedure for Tendering Shares and Settlement) 
of the Letter of Offer.  
9. All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form otherwise the shares will be liable for rejecti on. The shares shall be liable for rejection 
on the following grounds amongst others: (a) If any other company share certificates a re enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share certificate of the Company; 
(b) Non -submission of Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate / probated / Will, as applicable in case any Eli gible Shareholder has deceased. (c) If 
 
 the Eligible Shareholder(s) bid the shares but the Registrar does not receive the physical share certificate; or (d) In case the signature in the Tender Form and Form SH -
4 doesn’t match as per the specimen signature recorded with Company / Registrar. (e) I f necessary corporate authorizations under official stamp are not accompanied 
with Tender Form (f) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders (g) the Form SH -4 is 
not witnes sed  
10. The Equity Shares tendered in the buyback shall be rejected if (i) the Shareholder is not a n Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the Record Date; or (ii) if there is a 
name mismatch in the share certificate of the Shareholder; or (iii) where there exists any restraint order of a Court/ any ot her competent authority for transfer / 
disposal/ sal e; or (iv) or where the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsi sts; or (v) the documents mentioned 
in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or befo re the close of business hours of 
Wednesday, June 10, 2026  by 5:00 pm (IST).  
11. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible Shareholder (including each Non -Resident Shareholder) undertakes to complete all relevant regulatory / 
statutory filings and compliances to be made by it under applicable law, including filing of For m FC -TRS. Further, by agreeing to participate in the Buyback, each Eligible 
Shareholder hereby (a) authorises the Company to take all necessary action, solely to the extent required, and if necessary, to be undertaken by the Company, for 
making any regulat ory / statutory filings and compliances on behalf of such Shareholder; and (b) undertakes to provide the requisite assistance  to the Company for 
making any such regulatory / statutory filings and compliances.  
12. Non-Resident Shareholders must obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned au thorities including approvals from 
the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“ FEMA ”) and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, for tendering 
Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under the FEMA and  any other rules, regulations and 
guidelines, in regard to re mittance of funds outside India.  
 
All capitalised items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Tear along this line -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THIS AD DRESS:  
Investor Service Centre: Zydus Lifesciences Limited - Buyback offer  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formerly Link Intime India Private Limited )  
C 101, Embassy 247, 1st Floor, L B S Marg,  
Vikhroli (West ), Mumbai – 400083 ,  
(Maharashtra ), India  
Contact Person : Ms. Shanti Gopalkrishnan; Tel: +91 810 811 4949 ; Fax: +91 22 4918 6060 ;  
E-mail : zyduslifesciences.buyback@in.mpms.mufg.com ; Website : www.in.mpms.mufg.com ;  
SEBI Registration Number : INR000004058   
  
 
 Form No. SH -4 - Securities Transfer Form  
[Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub -rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 
2014]  
 
Date of execution:   /  / 2026 
 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION  stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named the securities 
specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the Transferee(s ) do 
hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN:  L 2 4 2 3 0 G J 1 9 9 5 P L C 0 2 5 8 7 8 
 
Name of the company (in full):  Zydus Lifesciences Limited  
 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is 
listed, (if any):  National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited  
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES  
Kind/ class of securities  
(1) Nominal value of each unit of 
security (2)  Amount called up per unit of 
security (3)  Amount paid up per unit of 
security (4)  
Equity Share  INR 1/ - INR 1/ -  INR 1/ -  
 
No. of Securities being Transferred  Consideration received (INR)  
In Figures  In words  In words  In Figures  
    
Distinctive Number  From       
To      
Corresponding 
Certificate Nos.        
 
Transferor’s Particulars  
 
Registered Folio Number   
 
Name(s) in full and PAN (attach copy of pan card)    Seller Signature(s)  
1.      
2.     
3.     
 
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.  
Signature of the Witness  :   
Name of the Witness  :   
 
Address of the Witness  :  
   
 
  
 
 Transferee’s Particulars  
 
Name in full (1)  Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse Name (2)  Address & E -mail id (3)  
Zydus Lifesciences Limited  Not Applicable  Address: Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme 
No. 63, Survey No. 536, Khoraj 
(Gandhinagar), Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle , 
S.G. Highway , Ahmedabad - 382 481, 
Gujarat, India  
 
Email : dhavalsoni@zyduslife.com   
 
Occupation (4)  Existing Folio No., if any (5)  Signature (6)  
Business    
 
Folio No. of Transferee   Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)  
 
 
Value of stamp affixed:  INR  
 
Enclosures:  
1.  Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
2.  If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment  
3.  Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)  
4.  Others, Specify,______________________________________  
 
For Office Use Only  
 
Checked by   
 
Signature Tallied by   
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on   
 
 vide Transfer no   
 
Approval Date   
 
Power of attorney / Probate / Death Certificate / Letter of Administration  
 
Registered on   at 
 
No  
 
  1.   
2.  
3.  
 
 
STAMPS  
 
 
 
On the reverse page of the certificate  
 
Name of the Transferor   Name of the Transferee   No. of shares   Date of Transfer  
 
 
 
Signature of the authorized signatory  
 